Paul Friedman: The ratio's about 3:1, with the 3 being resistant patients and the 1 being intolerant patients. That's what we've found in that population, that there are about three times more patients who are resistant than who are intolerant.
Paul Friedman: Obviously we've had what I would regard as productive talks with them. It's their call what they're going to do next, but I think there are some obvious ones. If I were doing it I would want to study the spondyloarthropathies like ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis, because that population in toto reaches about a third in prevalence of what the RA population is and the anti-TNFs have worked there and I think it would be a high probability that you would test positive results. So I would go there. I suspect that we will get there, but at the end of the day it's going to be Lilly's call as to what we do next.
Paul Friedman: I'll start, and then Pat Andrews, who has responsibility for business development, may want to add more. When we look at how the company is maturing and to where we seem to be evolving, that program sits there all by its lonesome as in a therapeutic area where we would if we took it through ourselves we would only have a single product. We believe that the data we have so far would indicate that with a properly run Phase 3 study the drug is registerable and would be a successful dermatology product, but as a single entity that would require a sales force different than the sales force that we're building up for oncology, myeloproliferative neoplasms to start. It has slipped a little in our priority list, and so we would like to find a partner. Sure, we could do the Phase 3, but we believe at this point our money would be better well-spent on some of the other programs and I'll let Pat comment on the status of this development.
Paul Friedman: We are very interested in that data, and we obviously have - and I'll also let Pat add from a marketing standpoint what we've learned. Virtually all the patients get significant - I'd say 85% or more get 25% or more decrease in volume by MRI, and virtually all patients get significant symptomatic improvement. Obviously for regulatory approval you have to pick a number and that's a number you have to achieve, and the reason we ended up at 35% is that we generated the data that showed that that 35% corresponded to a 50% decrease in length by palpation, which was the parameter that was considered significant improvement by the international working group. And so when we look at the data that we had in that Phase 2 study, the median's about 33%. And so we powered the study so that we would easily meet the regulatory end point. But more important, I think to you and to us, is what kind of results do you have to get in a patient population to have physicians who want to prescribe the drug. I'll let Pat expand a little bit on the marketing research that we have that is quite reassuring based on what we've gotten in Phase 2 and what we expect to see in the pivotal trials.
Paul Friedman: First of all, the Targegen compound, the S*BIO compound, don't really very effectively take out JAK1. We've discussed this at some length, that to shut down the proinflammatory cytokine pathways you can do that much more effectively if you have JAK1 as well as JAK2 inhibitory activity. You can demonstrate that in cell culture, in animal models,  Basically by taking out less of both JAK1 and JAK2 you can shut down the pathway if you have that kind of a profile. If you just are a JAK2 inhibitor you have to go higher in your JAK2 inhibition to shut down the cytokine pathways as effectively. And when you do that you cross over to greater inhibition of bone marrow function. And I think if you look closely at the Targegen data, in its complete form there was fairly high incidence of anemia.  The other thing is when you go higher and you are giving hundreds of milligrams a day, which you do with all three of those compounds, you then get into ranges where the milligram burden to the organs of the individual is such that you begin to see non-mechanism based toxicities. And if you happen to also cross over and hit other kinases like FLIP 3, you also can have toxicities. S*BIO and Targegen have both FLIP 3 inhibitors and they have significant G.I. toxicity.  The Cytopia compound is a JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor. It's about three years behind us. As I tried to convey to you in my notes, without calling them out, but you have now done that, we have exactly the same results in terms of having people become transfusion independent analyzing data the way they've analyzed it.  I've become more and more certain over time that there is a subset of these patients who have a significant component of their anemia from the chronic disease aspect, and those are the people who if you titrate your JAK1/JAK2 inhibition properly you can get a bump in their hemoglobin. I suspect that the people who get hemoglobin bumps with the [image], even that mechanism's not well understood, probably the same subset of patients. There's probably a lot of crossover in that subset. Obviously, there's a tipping point. If you go too high and you take out too much JAK2 you'll overwhelm the benefits that you get from blocking the cytokine pathways. And in that regard, just looking at the Cytopia compound, it's about ten times less potent on JAK2 than we are. It's about 40 times less potent on JAK1. So it is a JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor, but its ratio has a disadvantage compared to our ratio in terms of avoiding that crossover into having too much JAK inhibition. And they haven't studied very many patients. They haven't studied them for very long. I think if you look at the abstract you see that there are toxicities that we don't have. And so when you put it all together, we're ahead and we have the best compound.
Paul Friedman: If you're talking about 18424, and Rich can embellish this answer if I don't say things completely enough, with 18424 even in the myelofibrosis group when you go beyond the hematologic issues I guess the only thing that I would watch for are still its mechanism based toxicities because frankly we have not seen any significant non-mechanism based toxicities. Our ability to specifically take out these kinases and not other known kinases with our agents is pretty [exquisite]. We have very selective compounds in that regard.  But in taking out the JAK1 and JAK2, you do modulate the immune system. That's why we're seeing the good efficacy in our patients, and if you modulate the immune system you have to watch for infections. While I think we've been fortunate by virtue of the fact that you don't take this mechanism out 100% and there's off time during the day, we've been fortunate in seeing only mild and minor types of infections. But that would be the other thing that I think you would look for. If you're talking about other people's compounds, I think the FLIP inhibition is problematic, because folks are having a significant amount of G.I. toxicity and then there are non-mechanism based, or at least they appear to be non-mechanism based, toxicities that have to do with lipasemia, amylasemia, some liver signals, with the other compounds. Now those other compounds are being dosed at hundreds of milligrams a day, so it's not too surprising that you would see some of that with the competitors' compounds.
Paul Friedman: When we started the study, adding the sheddase inhibitor to Herceptin and then to Herceptin plus chemotherapy - and what we were finding was that people who were both HER2-positive and P95-positive were doing pretty well, better than what is described in the literature. The issue is that there's one paper describing this in the literature, although it's accepted that these P95-positive patients, and it's logical, that they would not do as well in general because you've got a very active growth pathway constitutively turned on that cannot be neutralized by Herceptin.  And so all we're doing now is we've been able, by contracting with four academic centers throughout the world that have large sets of histopathological samples and histories on patients who had metastatic breast cancer, and we are taking those samples and staining for P95 and also correlating those results with their clinical course. To simply confirm what the [inaudible] paper and our own data say is true, and also to give us a feeling for how much P95 positivity you have to have to not do as well as if you had lower levels of P95, so that we could figure out the ultimate patient population for Phase 3.  Now, there is a chance, we think it's not a big chance, but there is a chance that when we complete this analysis that it will not support the hypothesis that our data and the [inaudible] paper have created. We're cautiously optimistic that that's not going to be the case, but we want to complete these analyses and do a careful statistical analysis on the data that we have before we get ahead of ourselves. And so we are on track to have those data by the end of this year, and if, as we are expecting, the data support the hypothesis, it becomes a very interesting Phase 3 program. We'll tell you where we stand just as soon as we've completed the analyses and we will then go and talk to the FDA about a Phase 3 program.
Paul Friedman: Before I make closing remarks, I just want to clarify two points. One is, most of the analyses that I've looked at on the percentage of people in the PV population who are either HU intolerant or resistant is near the top end of the range that Pat just enumerated. So more like 30%. Secondly, we thank you for joining us this morning. There were a lot of good questions, and we look forward to keeping you informed of our progress. And with that, we'll end the call. Thank you again, and good morning. 
Richard Levy: So the patients who are intolerant, basically just can't take any dose of hydroxyurea, whereas the patients who are resistant, or so-called refractory, they can take higher doses but they still don't work. So in terms of their response to hydroxyurea, if that were a choice it wouldn't work, and if they chose another treatment there's no reason why those other treatments should work any differently in patients who are either intolerant or refractory to hydroxyurea.
Richard Levy: I would say that there are patients who get better in terms of their hemoglobin and transfusion independence, and there are also people, as Paul talked about, whose bone marrow hypofunction is the main reason for their anemia, who don't get better, or might get even slightly worse. And that's going to be true for all of the JAK inhibitors.  And so we haven't made a big point of it because we think that the main benefits of the drug are improving the symptoms of the disease, shrinking the spleen to a clinically significant degree, and perhaps some other long-term disease modifying effects that will take longer to demonstrate. I think the reason we talked about it now is that there's been such a point made both by the abstract as well as by some of the notes that have been coming out trying to point out how apparently based on the way that the data was presented that Cytopia's JAK inhibitor might have an advantage over ours in terms of anemia, and we just wanted to correct that by showing that if we analyze our data in similar ways you get similar results.  We don't know, by the way, how to predict which patients will do better or worse without actually giving them the drug.
Richard Levy: What you're saying makes theoretical sense, but from a practical matter it's extraordinarily difficult to do. You're not going to find that there is a specific level of certain cytokines that you can measure in the blood that would be predictive. They're all high in everybody, and some are astronomically high, and some are medium high, but it doesn't really tell you that those patients are more likely the ones to respond to therapy. I'd be skeptical about ever really figuring it out without giving the drug and seeing.
Richard Levy: The publication of the Phase 2 in PV would probably be some time next year, depending upon whether it gets accepted at the first journal it gets submitted to, or where we decide to then have to go somewhere else, could really make a difference of months at a time, so it wouldn't be any more granular in the next year.
Patricia Andrews: Let me give an answer to that. As far as building out our sales force, we would look to do that next year. We have a good sense of how many reps and district managers we'd need. We've said that that number is between 30 and 70. We're still refining exactly how many it would be. We are in the process now of identifying a firm to work with to recruit that many people in an efficient way in a narrow space of time, and we would probably start recruiting at the end of the first quarter for some of the more senior people and to have them all on board by the end of the third quarter, beginning of the fourth quarter.  And as far as target doctors, MF is generally treated in the United States by hematologist-oncologists, and they are more likely to be in the community than they are in academic medical centers. And we would be planning on reaching about 6,500 of them, which should give us more than 80% of the prescribers reached directly through the sales force.
Patricia Andrews: So, we [intend to] continue to discuss with some companies partnering opportunities. Because the Phase 2 results were positive and there's been little truly new for patients with mild to moderate psoriasis in a long time, 424 is an appealing product. It's once a day, it has rapid onset, a good efficacy and safety profile. It might be combinable with other therapies. So we have had interest. That being said, the opportunity is a little on the small side for some large companies and the development costs are a little on the expensive side for some specialty derm companies. So we're continuing to discuss to see if we can find a partner now or maybe later who we could trust with this asset.
Patricia Andrews: So we've done a fair amount of quantitative and qualitative market research at this point to understand what matters to practicing physicians, particularly hem-oncs treating MF patients. We've tested various product attributes, including the level of spleen reduction and varied those attributes at the high end and the low end of what we might see coming out of our Phase 3 to understand the importance of that attribute as a prescribing decision. And in general the level of spleen reduction can be much less than 35% by imaging, even down to 10% for some physicians, and still be seen as appropriate therapy for their MF patients. This assumes, of course, that the other benefits that we've seen with 424 such as improvement in constitutional symptoms and an acceptable safety profile remain consistent with the Phase 2 data. In short, you can have a clinically meaningful benefit with less than a 35% reduction in spleen volume that's in the Phase 3.
Patricia Andrews: Actually Avik, before you go, just wanted to comment on the Ruxolitinib, which is the pending INN for 424. We're really far along in the process, but they actually have to publish it before it's officially ours, so we've been sticking with 424 as the name everyone knows and loves before trying to transition to the pending generic name. Hopefully we'll know early next year, and if that's it we'll use it more formally. And if that's not it, they'll probably just give us one. So stay tuned for another couple of months before it's final.
Patricia Andrews: We have had some more conversations with payers, but truthfully not at a significant level because the oncology market in the U.S. does not have a lot of price constraints on it. Sometimes there's utilization constraints, like you have to have a prior authorization, but there's not really price constraint. So we remain very comfortable within the [$]40,000 to [$]60,000 level that we have previously spoken about.
Patricia Andrews: And then on the question of whether there might be early usage of 424 in PV, as everyone knows, physicians are allowed to write a product for an indication that has not yet been approved. Of course, the manufacturer does nothing to promote that in any way. So it comes down to thinking about what the physician will know about 424 in PV. Generally they would know that through some publications, or possibly at conferences or other things where they might learn about it. Then they have to think about whether they would believe that the benefit is worth the additional risk associated with a product that hasn't yet been approved, and that indication. And then they'd probably factor in whether or not the product would be reimbursed for that indication, which we depend on what the patient's insurance coverage is, or their willingness to pay out of pocket. So those are some of the factors that would influence whether or not there would be a usage of 424 in PV prior to our receiving the indication in that.
Patricia Andrews: We would be studying it in patients who are HU resistant or intolerant. And as discussed, that is a 3:1 ratio, and it's about, say, between 20% and 30% of the total PV population of 95,000. And since they really don't have many other alternatives, I would think usage in those segments could be fairly robust once the drug is approved in those indications.
David Hastings: As you know, we can't give you granular detail on that. What I would say is that we've had a very solid year obviously from a milestone perspective, and these things are lumpy in nature, so as you think about timing of initiation of studies and likely milestone events, 2011 wouldn't be as significant as 2010.
David Hastings: I think we'll be responsible of course and judicious, but we do want to continue allocating capital to what we view as high value programs and we'll continue to do that, and as you mentioned, Rachel, our investments in sales and marketing will increase. What's important to note, though, is that our guidance in terms of having enough capital to get 424 launched is still in place, and we're well-positioned given the amount of milestones we recorded this year.
David Hastings: They'll be recorded as revenue in the fourth quarter. Milestones are treated as revenue as soon as they're announced.
