Jim Daly: Thank you, Hervé, and good morning, everyone. Our fourth quarter net product sales of $106 million of Jakafi reflect continued strong growth in underlying demand in myelofibrosis growing 46% over the same period last year. In terms of quarter-over-growth, net sales grew 8%. Overall, our fourth quarter performance was consistent with previous quarters with the steady increase in new patients, an increase in the breadth and depth of prescribing and a continued shift toward the use of lower dosage strengths. For the full year of 2014, we recorded net Jakafi sales of $358 million growing more than 50% over 2013. Turning to 2015, we expect full year net product sales to be in the range of $525 million to $565 million reflecting year-over-year growth between 47% and 58%. Our guidance assumes continued growth in MF sales as well as the contribution from our newly approved indication in PV. On December 4, Jakafi was approved by the FDA for the treatment of patients with polycythemia vera who had an inadequate response to or intolerant of hydroxyurea. Jakafi is the first and only FDA proved treatment for these patients with uncontrolled PV. We’re still very early in the PV launch but we can’t confirm that our initial impressions of launch progress are consistent with our prelaunch expectations. Firstly, there is a substantial unmet need for PV patients who are not well-managed on hydroxyurea. Physicians acknowledge having these uncontrolled PV patients in their practices and are open to considering new and better treatment options. We continue to estimate an addressable population of approximately 25000 patients in the U.S. Secondly, as we shared with you in the past, the urgency to identify specific patients and initiate a new treatment is less than in MF or in other more acute forms of cancer. As we expected, it will require time and education to realize the peak potential of Jakafi in PV. Importantly, and again as expected, the clinical profile of Jakafi, as represented by the product labeling and the recent publication of the response trial in the New England journal of Medicine, is being well received by physicians. This is evidenced by the rapid uptake of the 10 milligram 28-day sample starter program for PV patients that we initiated after approval in December. We look forward to providing you additional feedback on the PV launch progress on future earnings calls. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Rich to give us an update on the clinical portfolio.
Jim Daly: Sure, Eric. Well if you look at total demand for the quarter, Eric, we grew 7% with dispense bottles and we had 5% on price for again total demand of 12%. Now that was partially offset by inventory. If you remember, we finished the third quarter with a $4 million inventory build due to price speculation in advance of the October 1 price increase. So in the fourth quarter, we essentially burned off that $4 million and we did not see an inventory build at the end of the fourth quarter. So as a result, we finished the fourth quarter at the low end, at the very low-end of our normal range of 3 to 3.5 weeks. And with respect to PV contribution, we really expected de minimis contribution from PV in December and that’s what we saw.
Jim Daly: Ian, I think the answer is almost contained within your question. Again, the low-end of the guidance still reflects a 47% year-over-year growth. It does reflect the uncertainties we have with the ramp of PV, but it does assume that we continue to grow MF and that we have a meaningful contribution from PV. And clearly the high-end of the guidance with 58% percentage growth assumes a faster ramp from PV largely and a consistent steady growth in MF. And at this point, we really can’t add much more quantitatively than that.
Jim Daly: Well I think our goal is always to have a 51% share of the addressable population. I think we would be disappointed if after a defensive commitment of educational resources we couldn’t get half of the patients who need this product on it. Now the question is how long that’s going to take? And as we've said, it's going to take time and its going to take education in order to increase the sense of urgency for patients to identify these patients and to identify them as appropriate candidate for Jakafi.
Jim Daly: Yes. I'll take the uncontrolled PV question first. Question, why wouldn't you expect to see a bolus patients or more rapid initial uptake? I think there are several parts for the answer. I think the first is just the nature of the disease. It's viewed as a chronic, less severe disease with less of an urgent need to intervene on the part of physicians. Number two, I think there's still a lot of need for education in terms of disease burden and, specifically, which patients are at greatest risk for complications of uncontrolled PV. Add then, finally, the patients who are most acute, most obvious are already on the drug for PV due to the commercial availability. So that's why we didn't see a bolus of patients going on the product at time of approval, unlike MF where you simply do not have commercial availability. Now, if you think about why it takes time for physicians to work through that progression, our reps have to go in and it takes multiple calls for them to educate physicians on the data themselves on the response trial. Then they have to translate that to the indication statement, which is patients' who are inadequate -- who have inadequate response to or intolerant of, that's a relatively abstract indication and our reps have to work closely with the physicians to translate that into specific patients. And they are doing that right now, but again, that takes time. And the good news is that the challenges in the PV marketplace are all addressable and we are making good progress in addressing them.
Jim Daly: The only journal I read yesterday was The Wall Street Journal not the -- not the New England Journal so I don’t think I can make an informed comment either.
Jim Daly: Sure, Brian. Brian, we don’t want to get into specific numbers, but what I can tell you is that we did not see any increase in the non-MF usage leading up to the approval. Now there is two ways that a PV patient could be on Jakafi. One is if the physician wrote for the product, coded the patient as PV and the patient received it as a non-MF reimbursement. The other is that the patient was quite frankly continuing between PV and MF and the patient was coated with MF and receive the product. So it's very hard to lineate with precision how much PV business did we have prior to the formal approval. But again, we did not see any increase in non-MF use as based on coding prior to the approval.
Jim Daly: Yes, so that’s exactly why we'll be presenting the data at AACR and have a pretty full discussion of the potential impact of the date on our own clinical development efforts there. A little bit of tour say exactly what the next steps are but I would say that that combination, potentially the combinations are certainly on the table to consider.
Jim Daly: And Thomas, in terms of PV it is extremely early. So I think the only thing we can share with you are preliminary impressions. But I'll give you a few impressions. First one, including the patients that are there, having been out with the representatives, these patients who are poorly managed on hydrea they are definitely there. Now it requires multiple representative visits in order to identify them. As we talked about in the past, docs tend to be lumpers; when you ask them about their PV patients, they tend to generalize and say they're doing fine. It isn't [indiscernible] focus on the minority of patients, but it's an important minority who are either experiencing tolerability issues with hydrea. Hematocrit is above 45. It isn't until you are able to focus on those patients that you really get traction. And that takes multiple visits. From an access and reimbursement perspective, I think things are going according to plan. Prior authorizations are consistent with the label and patient out-of-pocket costs have been reasonable and very manageable. But again it's very early. I think it's too early to call victory on access and reimbursement. We have been pleasantly surprised by the uptick of samples. I think there is a good rationale to use samples in PV. It's a symptomatic disease with a measurable treatment target. The benefits of Jakafi are manifest pretty early. So it really is an ideal situation to use samples to create risk free trial, generate positive experience and create an autocatalytic process. So the sample uptick has been robust. Now it's going to take time to see how that translates into patients on pain drug, how long it takes and what type of pull through we get, but the initial sample uptake has been positive. So as we look at all the puts and takes I'd say we remain pretty balanced and realistic in our view of the commercial potential in PV, but again our conviction is high that it represents a major opportunity to improve care for patients and a major opportunity for our business.
Rich Levy: Thanks, Jim. I’ll begin with JAK inhibition, and starting with ruxolitinib in solid tumors the two pivotal Phase III studies JANUS 1 and JANUS 2 in combination with capecitabine in second-line pancreatic cancer continue to enroll patients and we expect top-line results from these trials during 2016. Similarly, the randomized Phase II trials of ruxolitinib in non-small cell lung cancer, breast cancer and colorectal cancer are enrolling patients as planned with results expected in 2016. And we believe that JAK1 selective inhibition, sparing JAK2, may lead to equivalent efficacy but with less myelosuppression relative to inhibiting both JAK1 and JAK2. Minimizing myelosuppression may potentially enable the combination of JAK1 selective inhibitors with other more myelosuppressive therapies. The proof-of-concept Phase II trial of our lead JAK1 selective inhibitor 39110 in patients with EGFR wild type non-small cell lung cancer in combination with docetaxel is well underway as is the Phase II trial 39110 in combination with erlotinib in patients with EGFR mutated non-small cell lung cancer. Later this year, we intend to initiate a fully powered randomized blinded controlled study of 110 in combination with gemzar and abraxane in first-line pancreatic cancer. We expect data from 39110 in combination with our PI3Kδ inhibitor 40093 in patients with B-lymphoid malignancies to present at ASCO this year. This proof-of-concept combination trial was based on internal research, which revealed significant synergy between JAK1 selective and PI3Kδ inhibition in models of lymphoma. We have a second JAK1 selective inhibitor 52793. This molecule is currently in a Phase I dose-escalation study and there's severalfor more selective for JAK1 than 39110. We plan to initiate both mono and combination therapy trials with 52793 potentially in multiple myeloma. 52793 as the more JAK1 selective compound was selected to be studied in myeloma as improvements in anemia is a therapeutical in this disease. Now moving to immuno-oncology. Recruitment into all four Phase I, II studies of epacadostat, our IO1 inhibitor, and the anti-PD-1 or PD-L1 therapy is from Merck, BMS, AstraZeneca and Genentech is progressing well. Once we determine the dosage to be used in each combination we expect enrolment and the expansion towards to be quite rapid. If these trials generate positive proof-of-concept data, we would anticipate moving swiftly into potential registration studies. In the Targeted Therapy segment of our portfolio, we have two PI3Kδ inhibitors in clinical development and each of these compounds provide the potential to differentiate from the marketed PI3Kδ inhibitor that'll allow us on potency, PK and safety. 50465 a highly selective PI3Kδ inhibitor has now entered Phase I development and 40093 our first delta inhibitor is advancing in both immunotherapy, as I mentioned earlier, combination proof of concept trials. The discovery team at Incyte continues to create molecules with best-in-class potential. We've recently disclosed two new candidates an EGFR inhibitor 54828 and a BRD inhibitor 54329, both of which are expected to enter the clinic very shortly. The Fgr family of receptor tyrosine kinases can act as oncogenic drivers in a number of tumor types, most notably squamous non-small cell lung cancer, gastric and bladder cancer, and glioblastoma. Bromodomain-containing proteins or BRDs play important roles in mediating gene transcription, most notably by facilitating the expression of oncogenes such as MYC, one of the most frequently dysregulated oncogenes in all of human cancer. And lastly, a quick update on our partnered programs with Novartis and Lilly. Novartis continues to make progress in the clinical development of capmatinib, our potent and selective c-MET inhibitor. And with respect to baricitinib, the rheumatoid arthritis Phase III program being run by Lilly is ongoing. The BEACON Phase III trial of Baricitinib in RA patients with inadequate response to TNF inhibitors met its primary end point and, during 2015, we look forward to seeing data from the additional Phase II studies. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave to give us the financial highlights of the quarter and further outline our financial guidance for 2015.
Rich Levy: So this is Rich on your question about the colorectal study. So we certainly took into account the relatively short survival in these last-line patients when we came up with original estimates of data in 2016. The study is enrolling well, but that remains the great limiting step to when we have enough patients and enough unfortunately depth to analyze the study. So I would still guide to data in '16 and think that data in 2015 is almost impossible.
Rich Levy: Yes. So first starting with the delta inhibitors. The second of the delta inhibitors, I said in my prepared remarks was more potent, also has absolutely no liver toxicity in preclinical models. And with 40093, at the doses that we are studying, it's clean but it limits how high you might be able to go. So 50465 has the potential to go to even higher levels of inhibition. We don't know whether that would be clinically relevant or not. Secondly, we do intend to look at combinations with JAK1 with the combination but at this point in time, we are still in the dose finding portion as monotherapy and the combinations will start relatively soon. And with respect to the Lilly diabetic nephropathy data, we expect data to be in the public domain in the first half of the year, including presentation at a scientific meeting if accepted our abstracts that are going to be submitted are accepted to the intended meetings.
Rich Levy: Yes. So as was reported, publicly the oral ruxolitinib which was used by investigators at Columbia University showed very dramatic responses in terms of alopecia. And we have the exclusive rights to our topical ruxolitinib product. And we are planning to start a study later this year in patients with alopecia areata to determine whether a topical formulation can be as or nearly as effective as the oral formulation seem to be. So we might be able to provide greater details on that specifies of that study, should we -- at the time when that's posted on clinicaltrials.gov and we'd hope that there would be data also next year.
Rich Levy: Yes, sure so I think the FGFR question first and then we'll discuss briefly the first question. So FGFR, it’s a competitive space; we recognize that and the field has evolved quite a lot over the last few years now with a number of VEGFR sparing FGFR selective inhibitors. And those are showing a very interesting clinical profile and they've shown the first objective responses in patients with FGFR mutated solid tumors those have been seen in squamous cell lung, bladder cancer and ever in glioblastoma. As we look at the programs that are ahead of us and we study those molecules carefully, we think that the best in class molecule has not yet been made, and our effort internally over the last year and a half was to try to develop, discover and develop that compound. So we like the preclinical profile of 54828 both in terms of potency, selectivity, PK and safety and what the challenge is now in the development side is to try to leverage the learnings from the competitors in this space to make much more efficient expeditious Phase I proof of concept clinical program. We have a companion diagnostic effort that’s well underway in parallel with this program and if the drug lives up to its preclinical billing we're going to look to try to move that molecule and that companion diagnostic forward as rapidly as we can. In terms of the paper you mentioned, I'm not aware of the paper, so I don’t want to comment on it. I might see if Jim wants to say anything about earlier use in MF as to how physicians get comfortable with the drug. But I certainly don’t want to comment on a publication I haven't read.
Rich Levy: Yes, so because of our established relationships with each of these companies who don’t want company number two to get information from company numbers one on where the doses are. We really can’t comment, but things are going very well. The Merck study has been underway since last summer, and basically the design is that you enroll three patients, you wait two months and everything goes well, you move up to the next if you needed to, enroll another cohort because of any events you would do that again. So things are progressing well, but I can’t be quantitative as to where the data are. But we are optimistic that we will be well into the expansion Phases this year not only with the Merck compound but most likely with others as well.
Rich Levy: So I'll answer your first question. So with respect to the IDO [indiscernible] remember that this is not a combination that we are pursuing at this time. We do plan to give an update on the data. In collaboration with the investigators it was decided that we will have a more robust data set for presentation at ASMO rather than ASCO, so that is the current plan. But in terms of what to expect, we have about somewhere close to 40 patients that are now included in that data set, was a little bit less in 20 I think at the ASCO presentation in 2014. So not only will you have a larger number of patients but you also have longer-term follow-up not only on the patients that were talked about last year but even with waiting for the data for ASMO longer-term follow-up on the patients who have been enrolled in the past year.
Rich Levy: So the diabetic nephropathy study, as I said, I think intense to submit the data to a scientific meeting and one possibility for example would be the ADA meetings in June, but they're not willing to comment on exactly what the likelihood of that is in terms of being presented. So I think that’s when the data will come out. It's not something that I think they feel like they need to top line immediately as was the case with their Phase III registration studies in RA.
Reid Huber: Yes, thanks for the question, Steve; it’s a good one and as you can appreciate it a difficult one to tease out in the clinic at least at the stage of development where we are right now. As you pointed out, there are data to support the role of JAKs inhibitions both in a cell intrinsic manner in terms of supporting the direct proliferation and growth of the tumor there is certainly data that supports the role for JAKs Inhibition in attenuating the effect of targeted or cytotoxic chemotherapy and that is certainly an important mechanism. And as we'll talk about more of a outline at JPMorgan and we'll present more at ACR this year in April, there is an emerging data set including data derived from our own group here that JAK-STAT inhibition can shape the intertumoral micro environment. Exactly how those three aspects of the biology play out in any one histologic setting is difficult to say. I think what's important is they all support the potential for JAK inhibition in a solid tumor settings; they help contribute to our confidence in continuing this for ruxolitinib in solid tumors and I think very much substantiates our interest in JAK1 selective inhibition in the solid tumor landscape as well.
Reid Huber: Sure, we think there is a potential there. Again, those will be data that we'll describe a little bit more in detail at ACR. Exactly what the development program looks like for JAK1 and how those specific combinations evolve over the course of the year is still up for discussion, but I would say that’s something that we are very interested in thinking through carefully.
Reid Huber: Yes, thanks, Josh, good question. I think one of the luxuries that we have as a discovery organization now that is different, let's say, from the situation seven or eight years ago is that we have a growing pipeline now that we can consider as sort of tools in the toolbox and look differently at new potential programs as to how they may fit in synergistic ways with other agents in our pipeline. The delta program, as you know, was really advanced in very large part because of the reason and synergies that we've observed with JAK1 and potentials that we thought we could bring the bear in terms of combination regimens in lymphoma disease. It’s a similar line of thinking as we look at programs like the bromodomain inhibitor program, which is a very novel mechanism, but one that has shown a very broad activity in hemalignancies[ph] and even has the potential in some solid tumor settings. So there is a lot more we don’t know about BRD inhibition than we do know. But the internal data shows quite nicely synergies with JAK1 inhibition even with PI3Kδ inhibition and some of those data will be presented with the AACR. So I think that's one underlying theme of the early discovery portfolio is trying to leverage in club or ways the existing clinical portfolio to come up with novel, novel combination and to believe that those sorts of regiments will put us in a much more advantageous competitive position going forward. A program like FGFR while its sort of doesn't follow that same exact rule in terms of combinations, although it could, really gives us an accelerated path to approval. And so those kind of opportunities will always look very careful at, and when we can be opportunistic to have a very, very rapid Phase I to proof of concept to registration program those kinds of efforts will really have a targeted population, as you can appreciate, rise up to the top of the list pretty quickly.
Reid Huber: Yes, and with respect to the CDK4/6, it’s an interesting mechanism, but it’s not one that we are pursuing internally although we certainly keep our eyes on it and may be an important point of combination with some other agents in the emerging pipeline.
Reid Huber: Yes, so we believe the JAK1s would probably work as well as JAK1/2s, but we don't have models and we haven’t done the experiments to be able to prove that, but we do know that ruxolitinib has a JAK1/2 works incredibly well as an oral and we believe that we can get drug into the hair follicle topically and, therefore, it may have benefit there as well. But in terms of what may emerge over the years as other potential therapies and what their profiles might be I can’t really say.
Reid Huber: I think they were generally starting at around 20 mg BID, but I don’t remember whether they set at those patients needed any dose adjustment so they just stated at 20. But that doesn’t mean that a dose of 5, 10 or 15 and I wouldn’t -- I would suspect 5 is going to be less effective but for most things we see with ruxolitinib 10 mg BID is a very good dose, so and may very well have worked similarly at lower doses as well, but they just don’t have that data either.
Reid Huber: So the only formulation that we’ve developed is the cream. If the proof of concept study in alopecia is positive, then either us alone or us with a partner or potential licensee and all those things are possible, might then decide to develop other formulations. For the long term might be a better option for some people in certain circumstances, but the cream is a very nice formulation and can certainly not only be used to do the study but we think it could be a successful commercial product on its own should the results be positive.
Reid Huber: I’m not aware of that per see, it maybe and we were never told. But I think if I remember correctly, I think that tofacitinib, which is the Pfizer drug, might have had an on label use of the drug and the patient that happened to also have alopecia, and that might have been what led to the clinical study at Columbia. But I also think that the Columbia group is very focused in the biology and believe that JAK inhibition should work, and that was not based on anecdotal report but based on the science and then proven in the clinic. And I don’t know what their plans are to potentially give any updates on the clinical data that was reported I think in Nature Medicine last year.
Reid Huber: Liisa, I think it will be false precision; we really don’t want to get into a specific quantitative assessment of that. It’s been relative small portion of our overall business and again we’ve not seen an increase prior to the approval.
Reid Huber: Yes, we still think that the data is most likely to come out in '16. For the data to be clear enough to talk about in ‘15 things would need to move very rapidly in the results in a small number of patients would need to be very clear. So, nothing is impossible but I think the expectation should be ’15 -- ’16 data presentation of IDO information.
Liisa Bayko: Hi, thanks for taking the question. Just to ask a little bit more about the alopecia. Do you think this was something specific to ruxolitinib, is it a JAK1/2 phenomenon? I mean the results in a couple of people look pretty spectacular, what's driving this? Have you seen that as a kind of side effect benefit for other patients in MF? Trying to understand the magnitude.
Liisa Bayko: And your vision for the topical, would that be like a cream or some sort of solution? I’m just trying to understand what the --
Liisa Bayko: Okay. And then final question, you kind of commented that you had moved swiftly forward with IDO, some of the combinations look promising. Could that be a '15 event or is that a '16 event? That’s my last question. Thank you.
