Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter we saw continued strong growth within our commercial business and we progressed our clinical portfolio on both development and regulatory fronts. Commercial performance across the business was strong. Our product and royalty revenue grew 16% to $621 million, driven by Jakafi as well as an increasing contribution from new product launches and from royalties. Jakafi grew 13% year-over-year to reach $488 million with growth seen across all three indications. Jakavi and Olumiant royalties grew 17% and 32%, respectively, totaling nearly $100 million in revenues for the quarter. There is significant momentum in the first weeks of launch of Monjuvi in the U.S., and I am pleased to say that Pemazyre, which was launched at the end of April, has outperformed our initial expectations. The application seeking approval of tafasitamab in relapsed/refractory DLBCL is under review in Europe. An application seeking approval for pemigatinib in cholangiocarcinoma are under review in both Europe and Japan. It has been a busy quarter for baricitinib development updates. Exciting data were recently presented from the ongoing evaluation of baricitinib in patients with severe alopecia areata, and Lily's development program in this indication includes two Phase 3 trial. If approved, baricitinib may be the first JAK inhibitor to be approved for alopecia areata. And in October, baricitinib became the first oral JAK inhibitor indicated for the treatment of moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis, following its approval by the European Commission. This represents a new potential source of revenue for Incyte. And with Lilly, we also announced positive data from the ACTT-2 trial of baricitinib in COVID-19. From our IO portfolio, positive results were presented from our trial evaluated retifanlimab in squamous cell anal carcinoma and from our dermatology portfolio, we share positive preliminary efficacy and safety results for our oral JAK1 inhibitor of 54707 in hidradenitis suppurativa, HS. HS is a chronic skin condition caused by inflammation and infection of the sweat gland. We also presented full results from the Phase 3 TRuE-AD program of ruxolitinib cream in atopic dermatitis. These results are indicative of why we are so excited by the potential of our dermatology portfolio and why we are establishing a new dermatology franchise for Incyte. Incyte has deep expertise in immunology within our drug team, and we have leveraged our cross program knowledge of the JAK-STAT pathway to develop innovative medicines to treat autoimmune disorder. We are now developing science based therapeutics for the medical dermatology community and have multiple first-in-class candidates that we believe can deliver important benefits to patients. Our dedicated dermatology development group continues to execute with precision and speed, as evidenced by the rapid advancement of work stream in recent years, including the successful Phase 3 program in atopic dermatitis and the recent completion of recruitment into the pivotal vitiligo program. We are also building our U.S. commercial organization. The expected acceleration of regulatory timelines through the use of the priority review voucher gives us added momentum here, and I am very pleased to say that we have been able to recruit some exceptional talent as we continue to build our dermatologic team. I will end my introduction by reminding you of the tremendous progress we have made so far in 2020. We have announced multiple positive pipeline developments since the beginning of this year, as shown by the check marks on Slide 6. And looking forward, we have five important update to come over the next 2 months. We expect to submit the NDA for ruxolitinib cream at the end of year and to initiate the first Phase 3 trial in the LIMBER program. Important transitional data from 86550, our oral PD-L1 inhibitor is going to be presented at SITC next week and we are also expecting a busy ASH conference in early December. At ASH, our presentation will include an oral presentation of the REACH3 data ruxolitinib in chronic GVHD, as well as a series of updates from the parsaclisib CITADEL program in several different non-Hodgkin's lymphomas. And we also intend to host an investor call on Monday, the 7th of December, to provide our highlights from the conference. I will now pass the call over to Barry for the commercial overview.
Hervé Hoppenot: As you know, I mean, we have been sort of following the product. So the product led us into dermatology. Where if you remember, we had studies in our alopecia areata. In fact, that was the first study we did. And then we had the studies in atopic derm and vitiligo. I think what changed our view from finding a partner and getting royalties for this is when we realize the profile of the product in atopic dermatitis is in fact very much superior to what you have available today. And the number of patients is potentially very large. And then we also realized it was probably over the past 2 years, that the benefits we are providing in vitiligo is very unique. Vitiligo is not just a cosmetic issue. It's a life issue, and we can reverse for some patients. It's a disease that is hurting them. So when we came to the quantification of what it meant, we saw this opportunity in the U.S as being very meaningful for our goal of growth and diversification. So that's where we said we could potentially do it our self. We have a team, we are putting in place. I think I described this in the past as 200 people, more or less something of that size. And it's in good shape to being built now over the next 6 months with priority voucher. And I think it's an opportunity for Incyte to have literally a new franchise. It's not changing our attention or taking our attention from cancer and immunology and the methodology is literally a separate team. So there will be two legs now that will be basically driving the growth of Incyte starting in 2021. One of them will be the, we call it IAI immunology, dermatology, and the other one will be cancer. And frankly, there is no real change in our investments or energy that we put behind our cancer hematology portfolio. It's just an addition to what we had before. Now for the rest of the world we are still in a situation where we think we will have partnership for Asia and a large part of the world for the cream. And in Europe, we are looking at what makes the most sense.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes, there are additional indication for RUX cream, we are also looking at. So the way we see is that there is a developing portfolios that is evolving, and at the same time, if you look at Eczema and vitiligo, we have two very large opportunities that are just in front of us, where we will have the first-in-class, we'll have the first JAK topical. And in the case of vitiligo it would be the first medicine to be approved for this patient. So there are two very important short-term growth driver. And then there is, obviously, other products that will be or other indications that will be coming subsequently.
Barry Flannelly: Thank you, Hervé and good morning, everyone. In the first 9 months of 2020, Jakafi sales increased 17% versus the same period in 2019. And we continue to see good demand for Jakafi across all three indications. The continued strong performance in the year-to-date has enabled us to tighten our sales guidance for Jakafi to a new range of $1.91 billion to $1.94 billion. On the right hand side of the slide, you can see the evolution of the proportion of patients by indication. Myelofibrosis patients still represent the largest portion of patients on Jakafi. The numbers of polycythemia VERA and GVHD patients on Jakafi are increasing and now comprise 33% and 13% of total patients, respectively. Slide 10 provides additional color around new patient growth for Jakafi. The chart on the left shows that over 90% of total patients are ongoing patients from prior periods, and this pool of ongoing patients continues to grow quarter-over-quarter. As we have previously disclosed, new patient starts were down significantly in Q2 this year as we felt the effects of COVID-19 due to total patient visits being down. Following this transient decline in Q2, there was a partial rebound in new patient starts in Q3. Turning now to the Monjuvi launch progress. We are very pleased with the performance of Monjuvi generating $5 million in the first few weeks since launch in mid-August. With our colleagues at MorphoSys, the commercial and medical teams have been driving increased awareness of the benefits of Monjuvi and we are now the market leaders in terms of share of voice. Field activity, participation in educational presentations and inclusion in the NCCN guidelines are all contributing to the increasing awareness of Monjuvi within the Hemonc community. Feedback thus far has been very positive, with physicians highlighting the importance of Monjuvi's depth and duration of response and its favorable safety profile. We have built strong momentum for Monjuvi within both the academic and community settings with greater than 200 accounts having now ordered. We are seeing a sizable uptick by Hemoncs in the community, which now accounts for approximately 65% of total prescribers, a trend that we anticipated. Our market access team have also made significant strides since launch, achieving nearly 90% formulary approvals in our top 30 accounts. Turning to Pemazyre, which we launched in the second quarter. We have been very pleased with the rapid adoption of this new medicine -- this novel medicine with 8 million in sales generated in the third quarter. Broad access to FGFR testing has contributed to this rapid patient adoption. And we have seen good uptake of Pemazyre nationally with over 200 patients treated since launch. A high refill rate also suggests that the appropriate patients are being identified via this testing as they continue on Pemazyre therapy. I'll now turn the call over to Steven Stephen for our clinical updates.
Barry Flannelly: Sure. Cory, thanks for the question. It's actually been very good. I participated in a number of advisory boards. Lots of our interactions now are virtual, of course. But I think most physicians, most hematologists would choose Monjuvi as being the preferred second line agent for most of their patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. So we're very happy. We think our trends will continue to grow in the right direction. I think it's going as well as it could possibly go. And even with COVID, for example, the -- our sales representatives and medical representatives in the field have actually been able to communicate and get into their accounts and talk about the benefits that Monjuvi provides.
Barry Flannelly: And just to add, I think we're completely ready to go as a new dermatology business unit. We're excited about potential of RUX cream will offer to a whole range of patients with mild-to-moderate disease. And as far as pricing and launch trajectory, launch trajectory, we think it's going to be very good. Pricing decisions haven't been made yet.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, Andrea. Thanks. Barry. The drivers of momentum are simply that this is the first targeted therapy available for patients with the FGFR2 fusions or rearrangements. Really these patients had nothing after second line therapy. So testing has been easier than we expected, next gen sequencing, identifying the right kinds of patients and getting the drug to them at the right time. Patients are not only accessing the drug, but they're staying on the drug, at least for the time being. Obviously, it's very early. But yes we're quite pleased with the number of patients we have and the amount of patients that are coming back for refills.
Barry Flannelly: Sure, George. I'll take that. So new patient starts have actually especially within the last two weeks even come back to almost pre-COVID levels. So we're happy with that. If you recall, in the first quarter, in fact, our new patient starts, we're extremely pleased with. And until COVID hit, we look like we're going to have a very, very good year. So we're hoping to get back to that number of new patients on each of the indications. Of course, we're looking forward to the approval in steroid-refractory chronic GVHD sometime next year. And we really think that this is going to be a great benefit for patients. We know that there's the prevalent population in chronic GVHD is fairly high compared to the acute steroid-refractory GVHD patients. So we really believe that there's an opportunity for more growth there with the patients longer duration of therapy when you're treated for a chronic GVHD. So we're looking for that approval.
Barry Flannelly: So thanks Gang Li. So I think there's an absolute -- well, if you look at our studies 281 and 282, you see there's a high proportion of patients with moderate disease. So we think when we look across trials, we could have an opportunity there. But we really think it's going to be the best drug available for patients from the -- from steroids all the way up to biologics. So we think we have a clear opportunity there. If it's going to be used in the future with biologic like Dupixent, for example, we'll have to wait and see. Obviously, Dupixent is often used with topical steroids now because you have to have some local control for particular parts of the skin disease. So it could happen in the future, but that's certainly not our indication. We didn't study patients with severe disease, but we do believe that there's a wide range of patients who will absolutely benefit from RUX cream.
Barry Flannelly: Well, Aydin, this is Barry. First of all, I think that our response from the 281 studies and 282 studies are very good and the difference of the delta between the active drug and the vehicle is very good. And as compared to other therapies, well, oral therapies for that maybe coming oral JAK inhibitors and maybe coming for atopic dermatitis, obviously, you're suppressing the entire immune system when you take an oral drug. So that doesn't seem to be the best way to go about it. We have a great check inhibitor1 that's topical, that you can apply right on the area that's most effective. So we think that's an advantage for us. And as far as just some of the evolving data that might be coming from other topical JAK inhibitors we've seen the data so far, we don't see any reason to be concerned about it. And there's still some questions about dose response of those therapies. So our sales pitch is actually we've had many interactions with dermatology, very positive interaction with dermatologist, and they feel very strongly that this is a drug that they've been looking for, RUX cream. So, I think it'll be a relatively straightforward approach. We'll talk about the science and we'll talk about the benefits that it offers to patients who are really suffering from this autoimmune disease, atopic dermatitis.
Barry Flannelly: Yes, so Vikram, I don't -- well, it depends on what you call off-label. Certainly, we've been used in a whole variety of places, relapsed refractory for a second line and plus. Obviously, we're studying the drug in combination with bendamustine in the future. So we'll have multiple other studies that we'll have a chance to see what different combinations including parsaclisib that we'll try to study the drug with in the future. So we're excited about that, but I think that most hematologist oncologist are most excited about what Steven was talking about before, about our complete response rate and how high that is and long duration of response that continues to get better. So the combination of len plus Monjuvi right now has both the efficacy and safety profile that most physicians who treat diffuse large B-cell lymphoma are looking for.
Barry Flannelly: Yes. The entire intent of the abstract and presentation is safety, and that's what I'll point to. And just to be maybe a little bit repetitive on my earlier comments, given that the safety of the combination of Tafa, len or CHOP was very similar to Tafa or CHOP given that you have to -- you are aiming for cure here and maximizing cure rates. It became automatic then that Tafa len or CHOP was the way to go in terms of the first-line study. I think, given the intent to safety, that's where you should focus on what the presentation will be about. And then obviously we'll have to wait for a large first-line study to deliver here.
Barry Flannelly: Yes. Thank you. So, again, to step back, we acquired this compound to use on its own, and then in various combinations, which we needed for within our own program, and that's what we've been doing. At the same time, the intent was obviously to get it registered, and we had a upfront, the niche tumor approach in squamous cell anal carcinoma, Merkel cell carcinoma, and MSL high endometrial. And those studies have all enrolled well. And this is the data you see come to fruition. In terms of squamous cell anal carcinoma, the benchmark is the keynote 158 study from Pembro, but the mature data set where the Pembro overall response rate was 11%. You can see our response rates a little bit north of that territory in the 13%, 14% range that's independently reviewed. In addition, there's a subgroup of patients who are HIV positive with this that have that unmet need and were addressed in our study, which hasn't been addressed in other studies. So we're very encouraged obviously by their data set and thus initiated a Phase 3. And it's right in the territory of what seen just to be repetitive with other PD-1 inhibitors in this entity plus other entities that are very similar, like cervical carcinoma. Beyond the niche tumors, we have an ongoing lung program that's now initiated globally, a lung study. And then as I said we continue to utilize retifanlimab with various internal combinations.
Steven Stein: Yes. Hi, it's Steven. So as you saw, it's another JAK inhibitor we have in our portfolio. It's relatively JAK1 selective. We are developing it currently in hidradenitis suppurativa. We believe based on research we've done that there remains an unmet need there because the available drugs aren't as effective as patients want them to be. And we're very encouraged by early data, which I showed you in terms of abscess reduction and skin pain relief. So it's an important entity to study with a compound that is clean for that indication. Beyond that, what we do with the compound still needs to be determined.
Steven Stein: Hi, Tazeen. It's Steven. I think you're asking for a little bit of color granularity on the CITADEL program at ASH. As you can see at a high level the program continues to advance in terms of maturity of data. We have data being presented there as in terms of an oral presentation in marginal zone lymphoma, and then further presentations in terms of mantle cell and follicular lymphoma. And the mantle actually is broken down into different presentations with prior BTK inhibitor and then the lack of prior BTK. In totality, the data continues in our view to be extremely encouraging. The response rates have been maintained over time in the independently reviewed response rates and then keeping with what they should be in those different entities. And then very encouraging is the duration of responses held up and the progression free survival as well. So we are encouraged by the totality of the dataset and this is exactly what we wanted. We wanted to have those response rates and now with further follow-up to be able to show that they're both durable and give you a appreciable median progression-free survival. So we are on track to in the U.S. to submit an NDA, hopefully in the second half of 2021. And that's where we are with that important program for delta in lymphomas. Beyond that delta has other indications we are pursuing. And obviously, in myelofibrosis in combination with ruxolitinib, we start in our Phase 3 there as part of the LIMBER program. And then also just to mention in autoimmunity and inflammation, we also studied it in autoimmune hemolytic anemia. It's a very comprehensive program for a very active compound in our view.
Steven Stein: Hey, Michael. It's Stephen. Thank you for your question. We correct and we've always prefaced European regulatory discussions on single arm studies has been more difficult. As you just alluded to some recent examples in areas where they've declined, approvals in certain entities. For tafasitamab itself, as Hervé even said up front, there -- and then Barry further by the real world experience, there's a -- obviously, a very strong data set to very high complete response rate that median duration of response for the CRS continues to improve. In the update, the CRS was not even reached, but the median for the combined with CRS was 34 months. So we think that represents a very appreciable efficacy combined with a safety profile. That's horrible. Obviously, our job is to convince European regulators of that, given the single arm study and the real-world evidence we have remind to say, there's a discernible treatment effect that's appreciable, and that we'd like you to approve it, given that. And we are in that process now, and all I can tell you is it's going well. I mean, it's marching through the different day, 120 etcetera questions that we need to have, and we'll see how it goes with them. It's hard to give you any further color other than that.
Steven Stein: Thank you for pointing that out. So you're right. The abstract is live now for the safety component of First-MIND, which looks at Tafa plus R-CHOP or Tafa len plus R-CHOP. And you're right. Our interpretation is the same as yours. That there's a comparable safety for both. And we've already announced publicly that we go in ahead thus with the Tafa, len R-CHOP combination in the first-line study. And then we're just working at the final details with regulators on size and those sort of things end points, et cetera, but we'll be ready to go soon. And obviously a very important study not only to us, but to the community in terms of first-line diffuse B-cell lymphoma to try and improve the cure rates from R-CHOP.
Steven Stein: That I’m not aware of, Jay. We really haven't dug into it all that much. It seems that just about every patient that I'm aware of comes in is for cholangiocarcinoma. Occasionally, we'll get a request for an individual patient for an individual IND for some tumor type or another, but it's very rare.
Steven Stein: Mara, hi. It's Steven. Your question was breaking up a little bit, but I think you just wanted some view on our strategy in bladder cancer with our FGFR inhibitor. I think if you step back and you look at how bladder cancer, particularly metastatic bladder cancers evolve in with new datasets with checkpoint inhibitors with EV from Seattle Genetics. Clearly, there's a change now in the treatment paradigms and treatment posts in line therapy in bladder cancer. And what we want to do is, is literally do that. We feel that in conjunction with advisers that our current first-line study does becomes irrelevant given how care standards are changing. And we -- and obviously have stopped recruitment there. And we are relooking at the bladder program in totality, looking at the biology, particularly just to give you some granular detail, given EV's effect in [indiscernible] Express in bladder cancer. We want to ascertain whether if GFR3 on its own is a separate driver in the setting. And if it is, how that will play with our FGFR inhibitors. And we are busy doing that preclinical work to understand the biology right now. This doesn't change our strategy for pemigatinib agnostic program …
Steven Stein: … which is recruiting very well, nor in the myeloproliferative neoplasm 8p11. But we feel bladder is evolving enough that we need to step back and understand the biology there.
Steven Stein: Thanks, Barry. Its Steven. Just to add a little bit, you saw the abstracts go live yesterday and the REACH3 is an oral presentation at ASH. And again now a second study, large study randomized study in GVHD, that's positive. So it's a good achievement, obviously for drug -- for the drug and really important for patients. And if you look to the totality of the data in the abstract, it's superior efficacy versus best available therapy with a higher response rate, longer failure free survival and better symptom improvement. What's not in the abstract, but will be presented at the actual median is also a best overall response at any time, just to try give you comparative data to other agents. So it's an important oral presentation at ASH. And as Barry said, our intent is to get the submission in as soon as possible, given that.
Steven Stein: Yes, Kenneth. Hi. It's Steven again. Thank you. So it's a disease as we were outlining in our formal presentation that has a lot of morbidity for patients given this abscess formation in different skin falls on -- in the body. Obviously, TNF inhibitors are licensed and used there with not the efficacy that I think patients fully want. So the idea was here to try given the biology in a relative JAK1 agent to try and get further improvements in abscess formation, sinus tract, et cetera. We use -- so you got to be really careful on what you do cross trial comparisons. Yes, so for this data set, we use what's called an AN count. And we believe that’s the best way to measure patient benefits here. But there are other endpoints that are used in other studies. So particularly for TNF this HISCR that's used, which is a greater than 50% reduction in AN count, but no increase in new lesions. So it's a combination thereof in terms of the lesion improvement plus ways of measuring clinical benefit and morbidity on patients. And that's why it's very step wise development. We now go into Phase 2b with a 200 patient study and we are likely to the need, a Phase 3 program to get it across the finish line. But we told repeatedly by people in the area that there remains this unmet needs. Yes. And that's what we're going to try and address in the Phase 2b that we have, enough efficacy to get there in terms of AN count reduction.
Steven Stein: It's a good question. And thank you for it because we did spend a little bit of time trying to work out the optimal dose and schedule to get the therapeutic ratio we wanted in terms of the efficacy and safety benefits that we want to do. For the class, it had a bit of a rocky run over the years, starting off with idea less early on, and particularly people were concerned about longer term toxicity and things like colitis. We knew from the get-go the drug is incredibly active. So we wanted to work that out and we spent some time doing it. So where we are now is where we think is the optimal way of doing it. And you'll see in the abstracts the totality of the information. But we start off at a high dose, 20 milligrams daily for the first eight weeks, and the idea there is to maximize efficacy. These patients when they respond, they respond early and quickly. So the vast majority, if not all of the responses happen in that time period. And then we stepped back and we looked at after that weekly maintenance versus daily. And again, look at both retention of efficacy then as well as safety. And it turns out that’s best for us is afterwards to switch to the daily dosing and not the weekly maintenance. So if you look at the totality of the data there, you retain efficacy, we are getting the durability of response in PFS, we want -- but we've also been able to tone down some of the toxicity with that regimen. So I think going forward from a regular point of view, obviously you're going to have to work with regulators around the world. Yes. You'll be looking at 20 milligrams induction for 8 weeks followed by the daily schedule thereafter.
Steven Stein: It's Steven. Thank you for your questions. I'll separate them out because BET has a slightly different history. So if you look at BET BRD this is a compound we had in the clinic a few years ago, primarily targeting solid tumors and working on a slightly different hypothesis around MYC inhibition, and we were at multiples at the dose we were at now. We were at 12 to 16 milligrams, whereas we had 4 milligrams now. And what we saw there in that program a couple of years ago was on target toxicity in terms of thrombocytopenia as well as other some worrying toxicity. So we had put ourselves on a clinical hold at the time for that compound. And then what happened over the ensuing year with BET as you saw the data from constellation and CPI come forward and we knew by the way, the biology was relevant in myelofibrosis. And we think there is something to that data set, and there is clearly an effect from addition of BET therapy to ruxolitinib. So we revitalized our own program there. We worked with the FDA to come to what we think is a safe starting dose to avert a lot of the toxicities, modeled off what we saw happened in an external world and we've restarted the program. What we have to do is, is demonstrate monotherapy safety, which we do in now with the BET. And we expect that to be the case, given the dosing we using and then quickly go to combination with ruxolitinib. So that's the story behind BET. In terms of ALK2, this is a very exciting program to us. We think the anemia seen in myelopoiesis neoplasms, particularly myelofibrosis is mediated through the hepcidin pathway, building a little bit on the momelotinib data there as well as the anemia seen with the use of JAK inhibitors. So we're trying to ameliorate that anemia of the underlying disease, plus potentially the JAK induced anemia, so that you can maintain dose in. And in fact, as a priority of that actually increase efficacy as well because you can stay on the combination. So again, the idea is to get to ALK2 monotherapy safety pretty quickly, and then start the combination very soon with both. ALK2 in terms of its mechanism of action may have utility in anemias across the board, in terms of hepcidin inhibition. So that's something we interested in. And then there are some entities where solid tumors may have underlying genetic mutations that may be amenable to this as well. So it's a very interesting program, a very interesting mechanism and we are going fast.
Steven Stein: Yes, just to add one more thing, because I didn't just -- we are also studying a rare disease, which is also mediated by the program FOP, which is a condition where you get premature bone formation in soft tissues, a lot of morbidity from it and sometimes early death as well. It's a rare entity. But again, it's something we committed to doing as well. So we will have an FOP program as well with the ALK2 agent.
