Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. So Incyte is in an excellent position as we enter the second half of the year. So Barry, Steven, and Dave will each provide greater detail on our financial and clinical progress. But first, I would like to spend a minute talking about Incyte from a bigger picture perspective. We have a plan in place for the growth of our company, and we are executing on that plan quarter by quarter. We are building some important at (2:18) Incyte. And let me summarize our recent progress. Sales of Jakafi continue to grow rapidly, driven by increased awareness of the benefits of Jakafi in both its MF and PV indication. Our partner, Novartis, has also seen significant growth of Jakafi in ex-U.S. sales, resulting in royalties to Incyte that are up almost 50% over the same period last year. With more than a decade of expected patent protection for ruxolitinib in front of us, I believe we are in very good shape with this existing franchise. Our dynamic top-line revenue growth may be further enhanced next year from baricitinib royalties, should it be approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. So first regulatory decision for baricitinib is expected in the first quarter of 2017. And if approved, we believe that it will compete well in the rheumatoid arthritis market, which has been estimated to be worth a total of $21 billion last year. The ARIAD transaction closed in June as planned. And our European team is now fully operational, supporting and growing the Iclusig brand. Furthermore, the team in Europe is already participating in the development of our clinical portfolio, further validating our decision to accelerate our European expansion. On the clinical side we have achieved several very important milestone in recent months. Firstly, we initiated the first Phase 3 trial in our development program for epacadostat, so ECHO-301 study is now recruiting patients and is validating epacadostat plus pembro as a first-line treatment for patient with advanced or metastatic melanoma. So second significant milestone was the achievement of breakthrough therapy designation from the FDA for ruxolitinib in acute GVHD. They are counting (4:10) new approved treatment for this patient population. And we are preparing to initiate the pivotal program for ruxolitinib. I'm confident that our decision to pursue JAK inhibition as a treatment for GVHD has the potential to improve the treatment for – of this certain deadly disease and provide further growth opportunity for our JAK franchise. We have also made progress within our earlier stage portfolio. This morning we announced bladder cancer as a first indication for our FGFR program. And in June we added a new clinical program with the initiation of the first trial of our anti-GITR agonist. The large medical drug discovery alliance we signed with Agenus last year has already generated one clinical program. And we anticipate initiating the second clinical program targeting OX40 later this year. So the first half of 2016 has been a success for Incyte. And whether looking at the company from a top line perspective at our portfolio or at our expanded capabilities, it is clear that we are making significant progress on our journey towards becoming a world-class biopharmaceutical organization. With that overview, I'd like to turn the call over to Barry for an update on Jakafi.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yeah. Fundamentally, I mean we like to work together with a partner and to have the cost sharing program. So that's something that we are trying to get. But it would never stop us from moving into the next step of the program, if for some reason, the partner was not willing to go and do the cost sharing. So it's basically a good guy if we have it. And if we don't, we go ahead and we do it anyway, if we believe there is enough data to justify moving to the next step.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yes. Concerning the Lilly relationship. I mean you have to remember that the way it works is that we would be asked at some point when the program is going to Phase III to either opt in or not in co-financing of the Phase III. Before that we are literally in a position where we give our opinion and our advice. But we are really not in any kind of decision position, so I cannot comment on their willingness to go for any of these indications. But as we said, I think we are dealing with a very broad list of possible indication for this mechanism. And really – and we are discussing with them about it, are certainly looking at multiple places where baricitinib could be applied. I mean the decisions to drop nephropathy recently, something that was not a huge surprise from our side.
Hervé Hoppenot: Yeah, Ian. Hervé. So, yeah, on the financial heath, I mean you can see the numbers yourself. I mean what – we are in a position where the growth of the top line is giving us a lot of flexibility to invest in our own portfolio. And if Lilly would decide to go in additional indication, which I wish obviously, we would be able to also do the co-funding. To give you an idea, from last year to this year, in fact the co-funding of the Lilly program has gone down, because of the cycle in rheumatoid arthritis. So if we were to go in new indication, there would be no problem to do that. I mean the way we are thinking of resource allocation is obviously top line growth is what's giving us all of these opportunities. We spoke about ruxolitinib, but we have also now hopefully if baricitinib is approved next year, there will be a new line of top line growth from the royalties and some of the milestone from Lilly. We think about portfolio kinetics, how to move the portfolio as fast as possible in the right indication, obviously based on the scientific understanding we have. So we are not limiting our clinical program, because of resource constraints at this point. Based on what you have seen this quarter, you can see we have room to maneuver. And obviously we stay in a positive cash flow from operations. I mean that's important, because that's sort of what makes us stable from the financial standpoint for – and able to do this operation. So that's the three criteria that we are using. And up to now, it has been there something we can – we have been able to manage very positively. So the answer is yes. If there were opportunities to do co-funding with Lilly, we would probably participate, assuming the indication is reasonable.
Hervé Hoppenot: Okay. Thanks, all of you, for time today and for your question. And just conclude saying that we look forward to providing you with further data, where our Q3 call in early in November. And for now, thank you and goodbye.
Barry P. Flannelly: Thank you, Hervé, and good morning, everyone. We continue to see strong growth in Jakafi sales. Net product revenue for the second quarter was $208 million, an increase of 46% over the same period last year and a 14% increase over the first quarter of 2016. Year-to-date, net Jakafi revenue has been tracking towards the upper end of our previous guidance. And given the strength of the clinical data underlying Jakafi and the strong performance year-to-date, we are therefore increasing Jakafi net product revenue guidance for 2016 from the previous range of $815 million to $830 million to a new range of $825 million to $835 million. The commercial success of Jakafi is built on a foundation of excellent clinical data as exemplified on Slide 8 by the 5-year analysis of overall survival from the COMFORT-I study in myelofibrosis. These were presented at ASCO and EHA in June of this year and support the effectiveness of Jakafi as a long-term treatment for the patients with myelofibrosis. Specifically, the data showed durable reductions in spleen volume and significantly longer overall survival in patients originally randomized to ruxolitinib, compared to those originally randomized to placebo. The Kaplan-Meier chart on the right of Slide 8 is not adjusted for crossover and still shows a greater than 30% reduction in the risk of death for patients who receive ruxolitinib versus patients who receive placebo. This suggests that these patients may benefit from earlier treatment with Jakafi. RESPONSE-2 is the second successful Phase III trial for Jakafi as a treatment for patients with uncontrolled polycythemia vera. The data on the right side of Slide 9 were presented at EHA in June and showed that Jakafi was superior to best available therapy in PV patients without enlarged spleens. Patients on Jakafi had better hematocrit control without the use of phlebotomy and experienced more relief from their PD-related symptoms than those on best available therapy. I'll finish by saying that Q2 sales have given us excellent momentum. And recent clinical data serve to further reinforce the benefit that Jakafi provides to patients with MF and PV. I'll now pass the call along to Steven for a clinical update.
Barry P. Flannelly: Hi, Michael. It's Barry. Sure. So as you know we had a 14% growth quarter over quarter, Q2 over Q1. And we took a 6% price increase at the beginning of the second quarter. We don't get all of that 6% of course, because of mandatory government rebates and discounts and so forth. So that's about 5%. We know that the gross to net improved in the second quarter by 2.9% versus the first quarter of 2016. And we had a prescription demand increase by more than 6% in the second quarter versus the first quarter. And I'll turn it over to Steven for the next part of that question.
Barry P. Flannelly: So, Brian, it's Barry, just to address your survival data in MF. Yes, strangely, many of our prescribers are only now realizing the survival – or the benefit of starting Jakafi earlier in myelofibrosis patients. Now we have two Phase III trials, COMFORT-I and COMFORT-II, with 5-year follow up. And we have a more than 30% reduction in the risk of death by starting Jakafi earlier versus placebo followed by Jakafi or best available therapy followed by Jakafi. So we think we've penetrated the prevalence in the United States by about 25% to 28%. And we think we have a long way to go in myelofibrosis, particularly to benefit those patients who might start therapy earlier.
Barry P. Flannelly: Yeah. We've talked about persistency for both MF and PV. Continues to get better year over year for both MF and PV. I think I've said before that the PV persistency is a little bit longer. Obviously we look to our Phase III clinical trials as one signal. And in fact in both response and in COMFORT-I, COMFORT-II, the patients stay on therapy for a long period of time. So we try to keep patients on therapy, because we think they'll continue to benefit. Obviously the survival benefit that we've shown in myelofibrosis and then in terms of symptom control and seize control that we've seen in response and response to, we think this persistency will only continue to get better.
Barry P. Flannelly: Hi, Ren. In terms of a breakdown of MF and PV, we still have more sales in MF, just because the total cohort of patients that we had over time, they continue to grow. As I said before, the persistency is good. But in terms of growth quarter over quarter, it's a greater – PV is now – the total number of PV patients' growth is outpacing the total growth of MF patients. But they're both still growing quarter over quarter. And we think we can actually increase that going forward, particularly for the overall survival in MF and now additional data in PV.
Steven H. Stein: Salveen, it's Steven. Thank you for your question. The ECHO program itself, as I've stated, is progressing very well. We'll enroll over 600 patients this year alone. The 2015 presentations at SITC and SMR on the Phase I ECHO-202 program, obviously we now have a lot of additional scan data. This has reinforced our confidence in the activity of epacadostat plus pembrolizumab in melanoma and our decision to initiate that Phase III program. As I also said, the whole study will be presented as a poster discussion at ESMO on Monday, October 10, the abstracts for which will go live on September 28. And I'll refer you to that to get that update. Obviously the entire Phase II program is a lot larger, consisting of ECHO-202, -203 and -204, which is 12 tumor types. We look at at least three aspects, obviously response rate and our time to event data. How long people are on in response in terms of progression free survival. And then the third component is the biomarker data, which is critical. So that will all combine to help us to make more informed decisions in terms of triggering further Phase IIIs. The first line data that you asked me to comment. And the reason I brought up the biomarker piece at the end is I think it speaks to the importance of using all three components to make decisions, response rate, time to event, and biomarker data. Obviously the BMS data set used a lower cutoff than Merck had used in their program. And that's something we will look closely going forward at our own data set to help us make informed decisions. As to when data will be available, we remain – through the end of this year and early next year, we'll look at these programs and find appropriate medical medians to present to that. And that's all I can tell you about at the moment.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah, Eric, it's Steven again. And again thank you for your question. Again it's the three components that we need to make decisions, and I'll be repetitive. Response, the time that the end response, progression free survival, and the biomarker piece. We are gathering across the program all three pieces of information. Again enrollment has been as expected or better with more than 600 patients enrolled. And then there are two components. There's the sit down, we look at, and make decisions. And then when to present it at an appropriate medical median and to find that median. So I don't think it's – we're still extremely confident in the program and the opportunity. And it doesn't speak to any lack of confidence at all. It's just finding the appropriate venues. The data is coming in as expected. And again through the end of this year and early next year, we will be able to share that in appropriate venues.
Steven H. Stein: Geoff, it's Steven again, and Reid may make additive comments on your second part of your question on the scientific aspects. I think you allude to – one thing we did learn last year around the SITC/SMR experience is to have a little more mature data sets beyond first scan information. Generalizing across a program, we generally do first scans at around 9 weeks and second scans at 18 weeks. And then there on. And it is around the time to event piece that's most critical here, because that tends to be the endpoint that you use in regulatory studies, including in our own ECHO-301 program, where we're looking at progression free survival as well as overall survival. So I personally favor having more mature data sets to make informed decisions. And then combining that, as you've seen critically now with the recent BMS experience, with the biomarker piece as well. So a long answer to your question. But the two scan at least piece of information is critical. And then beyond that in terms of hitting various benchmarks. I don't know if Reid wants to make anything additive to the scientific aspect of having longer data in the immuno-oncology setting, where you actually tend to focus beyond response on things like progression free survival and overall survival.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah, Michael. It's Steven. I don't know if bias is the right word. But if you look across the ECHO program in its totality and the four different studies, we have 12 different tumor types there. You're correct in that many of them are considered the hotter tumors that already have approvals for PD-1 or PD-L1. So melanoma and non-small cell lung cancer, bladder cancer, and just recently head and neck. But we additionally study in other areas where we will explore the biology of areas where it is maybe not so hot from an immune aspect, like triple-negative breast cancer, ovarian, lymphoma, colorectal cancer, et cetera. And then we'll study all those end points that I alluded to earlier in terms of making decisions. But we're looking at both the hot and cold tumors. So I don't think it's biased. In terms of selecting partners for future collaborations and how to do them and whether opt-ins, or the importance thereof, I'm going to ask Hervé to address that.
Steven H. Stein: So, Brian, I'll start off. It's Steven, and Reid may make additive comments. So you're right. In terms of graft versus host disease, you have to be somewhat careful in separating out the different entities. There's the acute setting and then the chronic setting. And then within the acute setting there is steroid refractory first line and the prophylactic setting. And we feel that both compounds may potentially have a role there. In terms of the biology that may underlie that, I mean we're obviously developing the clinical data now and look forward to sharing the 39110 proof of concept data with you hopefully later this year. But that's leveraging the JAK1 versus 2 [JAK2] selectivity in terms of myelosuppression in certain settings. And we feel that 39110's best roles in that disease setting may be in first line, so prior to developing steroid refractoriness, and in the prophylactic setting, where the potential in terms of the lack of myelosuppression may be more helpful. These patients are just post transplants and tend to have lower blood count. So that's one area we may be able to leverage a different biology. And Reid may want to make additive comments there. So both prophylactic and first line. Whereas for rux itself, our current program is focusing on steroid refractory acute and then the chronic setting, which by definition is also steroid refractory. And I'll leave it to Reid, if he wants to make any more comments around the biology.
Steven H. Stein: Alethia, it's Steven. Re the ability to present epacadostat at various meetings, that is an interesting meeting. And our eye is on it. We in general will not speak to whether things will be at the meeting until the meeting itself releases its abstract data. So I'll just leave it at that. And pass it to Barry for your second question.
Steven H. Stein: Simos, hi. It's Steven answering your question. I think in terms of first-line lung cancer, and this is more a general comment. Sometimes it can be advantageous to not be out front, because you can learn from other data sets, not necessarily failures but just other data sets. And in this case I think at least in lung cancer as opposed to melanoma, the quantitative intensity of the staining may be more important than it is in other histologies. And where the cut-offs lie and how they inform your drug and its activity is going to be really, really important. So the obvious answer is, yes, we will be looking in depth at the biomarker parts of the lung cancer program and trying to understand where we differentiate on efficacy? And where we add, is it at the same cut-offs or different cut-offs? And that work's in progress at the moment. In terms of combinations, and I'll let Reid add to this. It's really, it's wide open. We will look at different levels of evidence. There's preclinical cell line evidence, then xenografts, and then clinical evidence, either from ourselves or collaborators, and where we will work in both hot and cold tumors and in combination in terms of enhanced in other compounds. The majority of the program right now is on PD-1 and PD-L1 combinations. But there are others in development, including triplets, where we look at our own small molecules in different dosing schedules to see if we can modulate the tumor marker environment by looking at paired biopsies and enhance immune responses. And then we have a vaccine program as well in combination with vaccines. And it's not step-wise. I mean we're willing to look at things as soon as the evidence is available. And we remain very confident in that opportunity. I don't know, Reid, if you want to add anything around combinations. But hopefully that answers your question.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah. Morgan, it's Steven. Obviously, wait for the presentation is the high level answer. Again it's on poster discussion on Monday, October 10. If you look at the SITC and SMR data sets, we now have additional scan data. And we'll be able to look at progression free survival over a much longer time interval. As for the actual data, I'll refer you, one, to the abstract when it goes live on September 28, and then the actual presentation.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah. Peter, hi. It's Steven. I cannot speak to the specifics of each collaboration and granular details on the biomarker strategy. Just to tell you that it's broad. So it's beyond immunohistochemistry and staining and quantitative staining intensity. And we're looking other aspects, including the genetics of the space and trying to get a comprehensive understanding of where therapies work and why they don't. Obviously the cutoff per se in the first line lung of the one compound at BMS versus Merck's compound in interesting. Is it 5% or 50%, and what that difference means? And then looking at it in combination. And then the same for GITR. We have a comprehensive program, but it's too early to give you any specifics.
Steven H. Stein: So in terms of the exploratory part of the program now, it's hypothesis generating. So it's not a question of changing anything. We can look respectively across the board. When you trigger a prospect of Phase 3, then you have to prospectively set what you're going to be looking at. Just to be clear our melanoma's Phase 3 ECHO-301 doesn't use any selectivity in terms of PD-L1 staining. And that's not really relevant in the melanoma space at the moment. But there's no cutoff in the Phase 2 programs. It's we're doing across the board hypothesis testing.
Steven H. Stein: Ren, it's Steven for your second and third question. In terms of when and where and how to present the IDO data sets, it's really a case-by-case discussion with our partners and the investigators. To date, we've generally presented studies as a whole. So if you look at SITC last year, the ECHO-202 experience, and then what's coming up at ESMO this year. But going forward, there may be opportunities around histologies. It's just too early to speak to whether for example, you do a single histology, other histology relevant medians, like a breast median. But again it's a discussion with our partners and investigators. In terms of bladder cancer the current program is directed at metastatic bladder cancer. It's not superficial or non-muscle invasive. The unmet need in the metastatic setting at the moment. We will going forward look at potential other areas to study. But that's where the program is at the moment.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah. Michael, it's Steven. It's one of the three components of progression free survival or time to progression. The benchmarks, if you look at pembro alone and generalizing, because you have to be very specific about exactly what population you look in. And then are you enriching for particularly biomarker expression. But in general if you look at their label in melanoma, you're looking at about 6 months for pembro alone. If you look at nivo plus ipi in the same setting, you're looking at about 11.5 months for that combination. And then obviously with efficacy, you always weigh in toxicity in terms of getting to your risk elements sort of equation in terms of using therapies. But those are the numbers we bear in mind in terms of getting there. And again I'll refer you to the actual presentation. From a tolerability point of view, to date, our data is very encouraging versus other doublets. You're right. In terms of overall survival, that is ultimately what is most important to patients and often to regulators. You just can't wait in terms of decision making early on to wait for OS, and they're not – they tend not to be randomized studies. So you use surrogates like response and progression free, which we feel is most important in terms of decision making.
Reid M. Huber, PhD: Yeah. Just one other additive comment, Geoff. This is Reid. I think that we know now in immunotherapy that – and we've come to expect that responses can occur later into treatment. So responses that are converted from patients with stable disease after a number of cycles is not uncommon. And so it's important to gather that duration of treatment data, so we can more accurately measure and quantify the benefit of a doublet regimen. So absolutely it's an important part of the program. And as Steven alluded to, it's captured in that second bucket of data, where you're looking at durability of response, where you can also convert and capture those patients that are exhibiting responses a little bit later into treatment.
Reid M. Huber, PhD: Yeah. So, Brian, thanks for the question. The data and the translational work around how JAK inhibition is having these productive effects in patients with graft versus host disease is still very much evolving. But to the extent that we've studied it and other academics have studied that, they appear to be mediated largely by JAK1 containing signaling networks. And so it's a very provocative scientific hypothesis, the study of JAK1 selective inhibitor in these diseases. As Steven said, ultimately the clinical data will tell us what the profile benefits may be of a JAK1 inhibitor versus a JAK1/JAK2. But there's certainly some emerging scientific basis to be interested in studying JAK1 inhibition in this disease.
Reid M. Huber, PhD: Yeah. Hi, Tony. This is Reid. I'll take both your questions, and Steven can chime in with additional comments at the end. I think first with respect to GITR, it's – and we're learning a little bit more about the agonist space after this last ASCO, including data presented on the OX40 agonist. But there's an outstanding I think question in the field up until these clinical data, as to what the ultimate safety profile and tolerability may be of a co-stimulatory agonist. And the data at least emerging thus far from OX40 and maybe soon to emerge around GITR is encouraging in that respect. So that's the first thing to note. And I think that's important for the field to recognize, is that these antibodies appear to be able to be delivered, at least as single agents, as safe treatments with early signs of pharmacologic or pharmacodynamic activity. As you know the ultimate utility of these antibodies, based on preclinical data, is likely in combination. And you referenced the PD-1-based combinations, which are clearly attractive combination approaches for both GITR and OX40. It's where our program is certainly designed to move to. And we think that the most relevant go/no-go decisions and true understanding of safety and efficacy is probably going to come from data emerging from those combination regimens. Whether there is an inflammatory or an -itis type toxicity is yet to be determined. But certainly the monotherapy data is encouraging. And then we're going to have to look for the actual clinical combination data to speak to that, because as you know preclinical data doesn't really read on safety. On your next question with respect to FGFR, 54828 was brought forward – designed to and was brought forward, because it's a very selective inhibitor of three FGFR isoforms, FGFR1, R2, and R3. And those are the receptor tyrosine kinases that are often mutated or translocated and activated in a number of solid tumors. Bladder cancer is one where the genetics are particularly clean with respect to FGFR3 involvement. And we have a very attractive path forward there through it with a companion diagnostic approach to identify those patients. So it's an interesting one to accelerate the program around. I don't think necessarily it is the only one. And there are of course other tumor types which harbor FGFR amplifications, which we may be able to pursue as the program evolves. But certainly out of the gate, bladder cancer is an attractive one for us. With respect to the competition. There are a number of other FGFR inhibitors out there. The first group of them were actually very non-selective inhibitors. And more recently over the last few years, we've seen from Novartis and J&J and AstraZeneca more selective FGFR inhibitors. One important feature of our program that we were focused on in the Phase I setting was whether or not we would only be dose limited by on-target pharmacology, namely phosphate elevation. Or whether like some of those other inhibitors I mentioned, we may have off-target dose limiting toxicity. And we've been very pleased with the safety and tolerability profile thus far in Phase I. And we think that's allowing us to push to quite high levels of pathway inhibition, perhaps high enough to begin to differentiate across some of those other molecules in development. But obviously it's still early days. And the clinical data will ultimately speak to the quality of the profile.
Reid M. Huber, PhD: Yeah. Hi, Ying. I'll start off with your first question. This is Reid on the preclinical data. So IDO has been studied in a number of tumor models now. And they really range across both what we think of as hotter, more inflamed tumors, and tumors which are characterized by less of productive immune cell infiltrating more of a myelosuppressive or immune suppressive immune cell infiltrate. The reproducibility of IDO synergy with PD-1 is a very common finding. We in fact see it when tumors are IDO1 positive. We see it impact when tumors are IDO negative, where the IDO activity may be coming from the infiltrating immune cells and from the tumor draining lymph node. So I think that data set is a fairly robust one. The question is, how those models translate to patients? And there as you well know, we have to be much more cautious in either over or under interpreting the preclinical data. So the approach that Steven has outlined and we're following with the ECHO program is to not to limit histology selection and the expansion cohorts to only those which have been shown to be PD-1 responsive or only those which are characterized by cold tumors or PD-L1 negative status. We tend to look at both of those. And then use a more robust translational program on the back end to work through those details. I think that's a strength of the program going forward. So we're not biased based on any pre-clinical – pre-conceived notions, and I'll turn the next question over to Hervé.
Reid M. Huber, PhD: And, Ian, this is Reid. I'll take your second question. So I think – so our view of the microbiome data are that they're very interesting. Obviously some of it has come from a close collaborator of ours, Dr. Tom Gajewski at University of Chicago. It's not an area which we have built a particular expertise around. So I think we look at the data and how it emerges in the context of our combination possibilities, much like we look at other platforms, such as vaccines or cellular therapeutics. Some of these may emerge as interesting tools. And when they emerge into the clinic, we'll always evaluate the science behind them, and how we may be able to work together in those sorts of combination strategies. But right now I think it's a little bit early to assign any real strong scientific rationale to specific combination possibilities that may be appropriate for us.
