Dave Hastings: Thanks, Paul and good morning, everyone. I will begin today by reviewing our financial results and then I will discuss our financial guidance for 2011. 2010 was a really solid year for us from a financial perspective. We continued to benefit from the two significant strategic accomplishments of 2009, which were the recapitalization of the balance sheet, including our senior convertible note and equity issuances and our strategic collaborations with Novartis and Lilly. The recapitalization allowed us to redeem the remaining outstanding 2011 convertible senior subordinated notes in February, 2010. And the two strategic collaborations greatly strengthens our cash position while still retaining significant value from the partner programs. As a result, we are now well-positioned financially to potentially launch our first product this year. We ended 2010 with $424 million in cash, not including the $38 million we hold in escrow for payment of interest in our 4.75% convertible senior notes. Our cash used in 2010 was $154 million, not including a $252 million we received in upfront and milestone payment from our collaborative partners, the $11 million in proceeds received from the exercise of employee stock options. And the $159 million used for the redemption of the 3.5% convertible senior and subordinated notes. Our operating expenses for both the quarter and the year were in line with our expectations and reflected our continuing investment in our discovery efforts, clinical development programs and commercial preparations for the potential launch of ruxolitinib in MF. Now, moving to our financial guidance. We still view cash use as our most important financial metric. We expect our 2011 cash use to range from $185 million to $200 million, not including any potential milestones from strategic partners or proceeds from stock option exercises. The increase in the use of cash in 2011 is consistent with our key capital allocation goals, which include leveraging our core strengths in drug discovery and development, preparing for the launch of our first product later this year and having sufficient capital to appropriately fund that launch. Turning to our operating guidance, we expect $67 million in revenue in 2011, not including potential milestones from strategic partners. And while we don’t give detailed guidance on milestones, I will say that we don’t expect them to have a significant impact on revenue this year. We expect our R&D expense to range from $175 million to $185 million. Included in R&D is $18 million to $20 million of non-cash charges related to the expensing of employee stock options. The increase in our R&D expense from 2010 is being driven by the growth of our clinical pipeline, investment in commercial supply and increased headcount related costs. Our funding for ruxolitinib will be primarily focused on the MF extension phases, the ongoing Phase III study in PV and the additional studies in other malignancies that Paul described. We also plan on increasing our investment in sheddase and our other earlier stage oncology programs, as well as our portion of the Phase IIb study in RA being conducted by Lilly with 28050. Now, moving to SG&A expenses which we expect to range from $50 million to $55 million. Included in SG&A is $10 million to $12 million in non-cash charges related to the expensing of employee stock options. The increase in SG&A from 2010 is related to the investment in commercial preparations for launch of ruxolitinib in MF, including the hiring of the sales force. As we have mentioned in the past, we expect to hire approximately 60 sales reps, plus five to six district managers. So as you can see, 2011 is a really big year for us, I am gratified that our cash balance is such that we are well-positioned to fund both the potential launch of our first product and the continued expansion of our pipeline. So with that Paul, I will turn the call back to you.
Dave Hastings: Yes. So the guidance is all inclusive for the studies that Paul outlined. So that would include any initiation of Phase III studies for sheddase.
Dave Hastings: Well, I’ll just sort of one element of it and Pat you may want to give some further context. But if you think about on the sell side, at least, Dave, the hiring plan is sort of titrated throughout the year. So you are not getting a fully loaded SG&A number. But that said, we are obviously looking to be as efficient as possible with our capital. It’s a very important year for us and so we are being responsible and careful. Pat, do you want to give more context on that.
Dave Hastings: The better since for what let’s say 2012 sales and marketing will look like will be the fourth quarter of 2011.
Paul Friedman: Thanks, Dave. I am going to open the call for questions in just a moment. But as some of you may have seen from our 8-K filing, Brian Metcalf, our Executive Vice President and Chief Drug Discovery Officer, has elected your retire in May. Brian has been with Incyte since February of 2002, just a few months after I came and was one of the original architects of our drug discovery strategy and instrumental in helping us recruit what I consider to be some of the best chemists in the industry. Brian’s organization is the engine behind Incyte’s current pipeline and while we will miss his day-to-day presence, fortunately he has agreed to serve as a very active consultant to the company. So we can continue to utilize his expertise in medicinal chemistry and drug discoveries. We thank Brian for his service and we wish him well in his retirement. He leaves the drug discovery group in very capable hands as we promoted [Wen Shin Yao] to lead chemistry and [Reid Hubert] to lead biology, two extremely experienced and talented individuals. I have a long history with both of them as Wen Shin and Reid were part of my team at DuPont Pharmaceuticals and they elected to join me at Incyte. So we are quite confident that we are in good hands in both of those disciplines moving forward. So, operator, we can now open up the call for questions.
Paul Friedman: No, but it’s just driven by Black-Scholes. So as the evaluation of the company increases and your stock prices higher, it drives the higher non-cash expense.Eric Schmidt – Cowen and Company: Thanks for that.
Paul Friedman: Yes. So, difficult to speak for Novartis, both because they don’t like us to and because I don’t know what they ultimately will decide to do. But you know, they did have what I thought was a minimalist press release on the COMFORT-I results when we put ours out. So I suspect in the not-too-distant future, once they’ve sifted through the COMFORT-II results that they will put out such a press release. And you know I’m -- I can’t speak for them, but I’m certainly hoping that they will present their results in a scientific form very soon, maybe at ASCO. Hopefully.
Paul Friedman: Yes. It’s hard to -- we have no way of identifying those people before hand. There’s certainly a minority of the patients. These patients have a failing bone marrow. So that is from a quantitative standpoint, the most important aspect of their anemia. And then there are subset of people who have more -- from the cytokines have -- will have more or less of a contribution of a chronic anemia component and it’s that subset where you could see some mild benefit in hemoglobin. But, I mean, because of the mechanism, the predominant effect in most patients is going to be a JAK2 inhibition leading to a decrease signaling through the EPO pathway. It’s just at the end of the day, what these drugs do. So I -- there’s -- and there’s really no way to identify who -- who that subset is, who will possibly have mild upticks in hemoglobin when they get treated.
Paul Friedman: Yeah. So, what he is saying is the control group, our p95, we have to be certain that they do more poorly than those who are not p95-positive.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. That makes sense. That’s very helpful. And just, Dave, I guess in terms of the numbers, does the R&D guidance actually include a Phase III sheddase spend? You kind of hinted at that, but I guess the R&D expenses, does that go up if you decide to go into Phase III? And then also a little bit more clarity on when you are hiring the reps for 424? Thanks.
Paul Friedman: This is Paul. Thanks for tuning in this morning. We -- we’re obviously energized about getting the NDA in and hopefully presenting our results at ASCO and the earlier programs we think are quite promising. We have a mostly binary type decision to make with respect to sheddase, the sheddase inhibitor. And I think by the next time we speak we will probably, unless there’s yet another delay in the program, we will be in a position to clarify where we stand there. In any event, stay tuned and we will keep you updated with our progress. So thanks again for tuning in and good morning.
Rich Levy: So it’s interesting that you bring that up in that we have a discussion with Novartis today to try to come to an agreement on the path forward. So I’m going to punt until next time but it is something that is actively being discussed.
Rich Levy: I would expect that there will be public presentations at ASH most years. I don’t know when the study would actually be “finished”, but there will usually be updates I would expect probably each time. And that’s I think the first time you’d hear about it would probably be ASH this year.Bret Holley – Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. Thanks very much. 
Rich Levy: Yes? Can I make a clarification? So, when Paul said that our data confirm this, our data basically show that whereas the p95s do poorly on Herceptin-based regimens…
Rich Levy: So that said that there is a real divergence between what a control group on Herceptin would do -- Herceptin-based regimen alone would do and when you add our drugs in those p95-positive patients. And so we just need to confirm with a larger data set that the control group is going to do as poorly as this first paper suggests. And that’s what we should have within the next couple of months and then be able to make the final decisions from there.
Pat Andrews: Sure. So low platelets can be defined in a variety of different ways. We’ve used 100,000 as a marker because our Phase III study has patients who had starting platelets over 100,000 and the low platelet study we are referencing to is patients who have less than 100,000. That being said -- and that’s about 40% to 50% of the market. That being said for the practicing oncologist, the hematologist, they are very used to working with platelets of all different levels. And for them, the definition may actually be lower. And they aren’t seriously concerned about low platelets until it falls below say 25,000 which is a relatively, very small percentage of [net] of the market. So we are really working between those two sets of numbers.
Pat Andrews: Okay. So, I will say that the risk classifications that we used in our study and that are in the literature are not widespread within the community of practicing oncologists and the hematologists in the United States. And they tend to look at patients and see -- sometimes you know mild, moderate or severe, sometimes they look at them by spleen and symptoms. They look at our host of other factors. So that classification, I wouldn’t say that there is any direct correlation that we’ve seen in our research. What we have done is we’ve shown target product profiles of ruxolitinib to practicing hematologists, say 200 in the U.S. and gotten their sense based on spleen size and symptom severity whether they would consider this drug appropriate for that patient population. And as you might expect, for the greater -- the larger the spleen and the greater the symptoms, the more likely they are to use the drug, but there was even at levels of very mild symptoms and very small spleen enlargement, there was drug utilization. So look at it as kind of a continuum.
Pat Andrews: So, you know, really, the vast majority of patients do have an enlarged spleen. I think the number is like maybe 70% and then there are those who have had a splenectomy and they tend to have enlarged livers and that is like another 8% to 10%. So at least 80% probably have an enlarged something that the drug helps. But you know, you might think that you only have symptoms if you have an enlarged spleen. But actually there’s some patients who have symptoms and don’t have any palpable spleen enlargement. And that adds another 5% to 8% to it. So that’s how we look at really the potential market.Thomas Wei – Jefferies & Company: Thanks. That’s very helpful.
Pat Andrews: Sure. So we’ve had a VP of Sales onboard since mid last year. And with that, we’ve put in place what needs to be done to recruit the leadership level in the second quarter of this year and the reps in the third quarter. So they should all be on board by the end of the third quarter.Rachel McMinn – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Pat Andrews: Sure. So we need about 60 reps to cover the market of approximately 7,000 hematologists and oncologists in the U.S. to teach in that patient (inaudible).Ying Huang – Gleacher & Company: Thank you.
Pat Andrews: Well, so I’ll just add. I mean, we are being prudent with our spend but that being said, there’s no area that I feel like we are underinvesting in for this launch. In fact, I believe -- you know, Incyte brought me on board more than two years ago which is a long lead time for a company of -- a development stage company to bring on board a commercial person. And we had been putting in the appropriate resources and staffing all of that time. So I would actually say we are extremely well-positioned to have commercial -- successful commercial launch later this year.
