Herve Hoppenot: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone. Before I get into the quarterly results, I'm pleased to share that Matteo Trotta, has recently joined Incyte as General Manager of our U.S. Dermatology business unit reporting to me. Matteo comes to us from Novartis where he was responsible for the immunology business in the U.S., and he will be leading the U.S. Dermatology team at Incyte to continue to grow Opzelura, prepared for the launches of povorcitinib and other promising IAI pipeline product in the coming years.   Now turning to our Q1 results. Total revenue grew 9% in Q1 versus last year, and I will discuss in the next slide the details of the underlying demand growth for Jakafi and Opzelura to clarify the performance of both brands in Q1.  Starting with Jakafi on Slide 6. In the first quarter, Jakafi net product revenue of $572 million does not fully reflect the demand growth as total patients increased 5% in the first quarter versus the same quarter last year, with growth driven by PV and GVHD. Sequential growth versus Q4 was also strong in all indications, as you see on the graph on the right.   Jakafi channel inventory reduction in the first quarter had a negative impact on net revenues of approximately $55 million. Based on the strong patient demand since this quarter, and anticipated growth for the balance of the year, we are reiterating our full year 2024 Jakafi net revenue guidance of $2.69 billion to $2.75 billion.   Turning to Slide 7 and looking at Jakafi total paid demand by indication during the first quarter of '22, '23 and 2024. As you can see, total paid demand growth in the top left corner continues to be strong. MF in the top right is consistent year after year, and the largest growth is coming from PV and GVHD.  Additionally, Jakafi continues to maintain its leadership and market share in myelofibrosis. Based on market research, total patient market share and discontinuation rates have remained stable in the first-line setting over the past several months, with virtually no impact from competitors, which has been consistent with our expectations.   Moving to Opzelura. Total Opzelura net product revenues in the first quarter were $86 million, up 52% when compared to the same quarter last year. The weekly prescription trend, as shown on the right of Slide 8, reflects continued growth of Opzelura in both atopic dermatitis and vitiligo, with typical Q1 seasonality. U.S. total prescriptions for Opzelura grew 41% year-over-year, outpacing the total ED market, which grew 23%. The ED market, including Opzelura was impacted by the Change Healthcare cyber-attack, particularly in March. Importantly, we are beginning to see in April a rebound in filled prescription to levels seen before the cyber-attack. From an access perspective, we have seen early encouraging results since Opzelura moved in January to preferred position in the [ CBS ] network as TRx growth within the CBS network outpaced growth in other plans.   Moving to Slide 9. As discussed in the past, we are on track to provide 10 high-impact launches by 2030. Importantly, many of the programs highlighted on this slide are derisked as they are post proof of concept, including axatilimab, which has been submitted to the FDA for approval, ruxolitinib cream in Pediatric AD to be submitted to the FDA in Q3, and povorcitinib, where we are in Phase III in HS and vitiligo and initiating a Phase III study in prurigo nodularis later this year.   Moving to Slide 10. In addition to our internal efforts to deliver multiple launches by 2030, we recently announced an agreement to acquire Escient Pharmaceutical for $750 million with cash on hand. This acquisition further strengthens our pipeline with 2 novel first-in-class medicines, EP262 and EP547, which has the potential to treat a broad range of inflammatory disorder.  I will now turn the call over to Pablo. 
Herve Hoppenot: Maybe I can start on the uptick. I mean what we said, and you can see on the slide is that, in fact, there is an increase in the number of patients treated across all 3 indications in Q1 versus Q4, and there is a growth that you can see on the so-called paid-demand graph also that shows that versus last year there is a lot of growth in PV and GVHD.  So the unit growth of Jakafi sequential to Q4 and versus Q1 of last year is there and fairly visible. So reason for the sequential growth versus Q4 is what we discussed when we discussed Q4 a few months ago is that there was an abnormal free drug ratio in Q4 that has been completely fixed in Q1. So we are back to normal rates of free drug in Q1.  Now on the competitive side, maybe Barry, if you want to speak of why we don't see the impact of the new competitors. 
Herve Hoppenot: Yes. Matteo, can add to the comment. I mean the picture in terms of refill rate has been the following, is that -- in atopic dermatitis, we have observed a refill that is slightly north of 2 tubes per patient. And that's relatively stable. Now it's still increasing a little bit, but it is relatively stable.  In vitiligo, it's moving very quickly, and we are not yet at the steady state. It is a situation where we see, unfortunately, that there are patients who are not complying with the treatment as it was prescribed, and we are obviously working with physicians and patients directly to improve it.  And as you know, I mean from the experience we had in the clinical trial, we are estimating that if we are successful, it will be around 10 tube per patient, but we are still at the number that is lower than that today when you try to look at patients who have enough history. So do you want to speak about what we are doing on the marketing side. 
Herve Hoppenot: I can take that. I mean it's -- we have been speaking about acquisition and external opportunities, which is obviously one very clear goal for the corporation is to diversify our revenue in the future and to increase to the growth coming from the current portfolio that we have. So that's one option. And obviously, as we are doing with our Board, there are discussions about alternatives to that. But today, as you have seen with Escient, I mean, there are opportunities that are very much in the range of what we are looking for in terms of timing and in terms of therapeutic areas, and that would be of an interest. So we are basically looking at both. 
Herve Hoppenot: Okay. So I think the first question was about the efficiency of the spending. So as you see, I mean, we have in our P&L, we had a relatively -- this quarter, we had a very flat SG&A and a relatively slower growing R&D. And that's what we have been speaking about for years now is basically growing the top line at a faster rate than we are growing both components of the expenses and increasing leverage. So that's sort of happening. They are depending on the event on the quarterly, it's not always at the same rate, but it's clearly the direction that we are taking.  Concerning the buyback, I spoke about it. What I'm basically saying is that nothing is excluded from discussions, and that's something that is certainly part of the current dialogue. And now in the dermatology, maybe, Pablo, if you want to speak about, or Steven, on the... 
Christiana Stamoulis: Thank you, Pablo, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter results reflect continued strong growth with total revenues of $881 million, up 9% versus the same period last year. Total product revenues of $730 million in Q1 were driven by demand growth for Jakafi and Opzelura and increase revenue contribution from Monjuvi following the acquisition in February of the global exclusive rights to tafasitamab. The product demand growth was partially offset by an anticipated reduction in channel inventory for Jakafi and the typical Q1 dynamics for Jakafi and Opzelura.  Total royalty revenues, which are primarily comprised of royalties from Novartis for Jakafi and Tabrecta and royalties from Lilly for Olumiant were $126 million, up 9% compared to the quarter of 2023, driven by strong demand for Jakafi. Total revenues included $25 million upfront payment received under our collaboration and license agreement with CMS for the development and commercialization of povorcitinib in China and select other Asian countries.  Turning to Jakafi on Slide 26. Jakafi net product revenues were $572 million for the first quarter. Net product revenues reflect continued demand growth with total patients up 5% year-over-year, driven by growth in PV and GVHD and continued stable demand in MF. As a result, we experienced the highest quarter paid demand for Jakafi since launch.  As expected in Q1, we saw patients that were on free drug in the fourth quarter of 2023 returned to paid demand and a related decrease in channel inventory levels. As you may recall, channel inventory levels increased by $46 million in the fourth quarter of 2023.  In the first quarter of this year, we saw a drawdown in channel inventory, which had $55 million negative impact on net sales versus the first -- fourth quarter of 2023. While we expect channel inventory to remain around the levels we ended in Q1, buying decisions of our customers can't always be predicted.  In addition, net sales in the first quarter were impacted by the typical Q1 higher gross net deductions as a result of both contributions to close the Medicare gap and commercial copay assistance.  Turning now to Opzelura on Slide 27. Net product revenues for the first quarter were $86 million, representing a 52% increase year-over-year, driven by growth in net new patient starts and refills across both AD and vitiligo as well as early contribution from the commercialization of Opzelura for vitiligo in Germany, Austria and France. As expected, Opzelura net product revenues in the first quarter reflected the typical Q1 seasonality and the reset of deductibles and copays at the beginning of the year. Beyond the typical Q1 dynamics Opzelura product revenues were impacted by the cyber-attack on UnitedHealth Change Healthcare unit.  Moving on to Slide 28 and our operating expenses on a GAAP basis. Total R&D expenses were $429 million for the first quarter, representing a 6% year-over-year increase, which was primarily as a result of the progression of our pipeline. Total SG&A expenses were $300 million for the first quarter, representing a 5% year-over-year decrease driven by the timing of direct-to-consumer marketing activities and certain other expenses.  Now turning to the acquisition of Escient Pharmaceuticals. Under the terms of the agreement, we will acquire Escient for $750 million in an all-cash transaction. We believe Escient 2 lead programs offer a multibillion-dollar potential, commercial opportunity across multiple indications and have the potential to contribute to our revenue by 2029. In addition, we expect to be able to realize synergies by leveraging our current development and commercial capabilities and infrastructure. We anticipate the acquisition to become effective by the third quarter of 2024, and other approximately $5 million per month in incremental R&D expense. Depending on the timing of the close, we expect the acquisition to add $20 million to $30 million to the full year 2024 R&D expenses.  Finally, following this acquisition, we'll continue to have a strong balance sheet, which will -- allows us to consider additional opportunities. As of the end of the first quarter, we have $3.9 billion in cash and no debt.  Moving to our guidance for 2024. Excluding the impact of the acquisition of Escient, we are reiterating our full year 2024 guidance for Jakafi, our other hematology/oncology products, COGS, R&D and SG&A.  Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A. 
Christiana Stamoulis: Kelly, it's Christiana. Let me take the first part of the question, and then I will turn it to Matteo to comment on the second part. So in terms of the gross-to-net in the first quarter, it was at the same level as last year Q1, so at around 60%. Going forward, as we have previously discussed, we will not be making forward-looking comments on gross-to-net. Our focus is on maximizing the potential of Opzelura, and by this, I mean the maximizing net sales versus looking at gross-to-net in isolation. 
Christiana Stamoulis: Vikram, it's Christiana. I'll take the second part. As we discussed on our last call, before we provide guidance for Opzelura, we are looking to have more real world data on utilization, especially for vitiligo. And data that goes beyond that first initial phase of therapy, which may represent a phase of experimentation by patients. So we are still early into the launch. We are still going through that initial phase of patients on therapy. So we're waiting for more real-world data before we are in a position to give you guidance. 
Christiana Stamoulis: Yes. Sure. So Salveen, as you commented on, we have a strong balance sheet, and we'll continue to have a strong balance sheet following the Escient acquisition. So as of the end of this quarter, we have $3.9 billion of cash. We don't have any debt, which obviously that could give us additional firepower. So that puts us in a position to be able to look at additional opportunities. And that's something that we are continuing to explore. 
Matteo Trotta: And on the split of business between the 2 indications, when we look at the IQVIA data, triangulated with external and internal sources, we see a 40-60 split consistent over time, where 40% is non-segment of Vitiligo and 60% is atopic dermatitis. And we're very happy to see that both indications are growing at quite a healthy pace. 
Matteo Trotta: Thank you, Jessica. I'll take the Change Healthcare on Opzelura. What we see at the end of February that there was this cyber-attack reported pretty much caused the network interruption for a few weeks. So as a result, the Change Healthcare was unable to process the claim for a few weeks. When we looked at -- when we deep dive in the data, we saw a softer March when you look at the entire atopic dermatitis market basket that we monitor, and that caused an estimate of $4 million to $5 million negative impact from Opzelura in Q1. The good news for us is that we're monitoring April, and we see demand, weekly demand back on track to the levels we saw pre-cyber-attack and the more recently. 
Matteo Trotta: Yes. The only comment that I can add is on -- just in this quarter, we're launching a very promising adherence program that we we're confident will impact -- will continue to impact the refill rate growth that we see across both indications, AD and Vitiligo. 
Matteo Trotta: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. And we're very excited by the potential opportunity to help 2 million, 3 million children in the U.S. And we see data consistent with what we would expect. So pending FDA approval, we are excited by another contribution and tailwind to our top line. This is a patient population that maybe the parents will be a little more sensitive to our box warning, but at the same time, it's 2 million, 3 million patients and children that we potentially have the opportunity to help going forward. 
Steven Stein: Yes. Thank you for the question. It's Steven. So the milder type of HS still represents about 100,000, 150,000 patients in the United States. It still has morbidity and unmet need, and these patients have abscesses and nodules that cause them discomfort and morbidity and lends itself to a topical treatment because it's not as extensive as the moderate and severe, which has fistulas, et cetera. So we conducted this PoC study and saw this data, which is extremely encouraging in this mild stage of HS in terms of abscess and nodule decreases. And as Pablo said in his prepared remarks, we're now working with regulators to get an appropriate endpoint in this entity for which no drug is approved and has this unmet need I spoke about.  To the specifics of your question, the physician and KOL feedback is excellent. I mean they were surprised by the efficacy seen with topical agent in this entity. So we're excited about it as well. 
Steven Stein: Yes. It's Steven answering your question. So just to reiterate Pablo's remarks and remind you that our BET program was in the clinic a while ago in solid tumors. And then we've obviously pivoted to study myeloproliferative neoplasms. We've treated close to 200 patients to date. And in the clinical data set, which is the most powerful, as Pablo said, we have no concern as regards AML transformation or any concerns that we've seen in that regard. From a prior preclinical work on things like AIMS assay and genotoxicity, et cetera, we also have no issue, and we are aware of the issue with the competitor drug that was seen in preclinical work. 
Steven Stein: Vikram, it's Steven. So on your first question, just reminding of ALK2's mechanism felt to work through hepcidin inhibition and then ameliorate anemia by releasing iron and make it available for hemoglobin production. As we've already shown in multiple presentations, we can decrease subsiding levels. The question you get into, does this translate to some sort of clinical benefit? Just to remind you of the study, it has 3 groups, treatment group A, B and C. A was monotherapy, B was in combination with RUX, but those were in later-line patients. And the real focus right now, as you can see on clintrials.gov is treatment Group C, which is the treatment-naive group of patients to see in combination with RUX will help make an effect that will be of clinical benefit to patients, either by raising hemoglobin or preventing the decrease that sometimes occurs with JAK inhibition.  And then if we're able to demonstrate that as we dose increase in the second half of this year, then we'll have a clinical proof-of-concept that we can then potentially take forward to a regulatory environment, but we'll have to be clear that we are benefiting patients from a clinical benefit point of view in that treatment-naive group, and we'll have that data set second half of this year. I'll turn it over for the second question. 
Steven Stein: And then just to address your question on povorcitinib in vitiligo, we have 2 identical Phase III studies ongoing STOP-V1 and STOP-V2 in patients 18 years or older with 5% or greater body surface area involvement of non-segmental vitiligo. It's a little tricky on the endpoints. But just to tell you, our primary end point for the FDA in the United States is actually identical. It's facial-VASI75 and Total VASI50. For other parts of the world, there may be a different primary endpoint. For example, in Europe, they're interested most in the Total-VASI50. So that leads to some of the confusion. But for our study, for the FDA, it's both Facial-VASI75 and Total-VASI50, together measured at week 52. 
Steven Stein: So Ren, it's Steven answering your question. So as Pablo said in remarks earlier this year, the XR process is underway with the regulators in terms of doing bioavailability and then followed by BE work. That will include stability. So it's about a 2-year process, which we expect to complete in a way in time for the LOE. And the idea there is obviously to have the once daily available in time. It doesn't change any of our FDC work. We can still do fixed-dose combination work with BET and ALKs. We need to do, and we continue to progress those.  In terms of tafasitamab, the studies are complete, both in mind and front mind. So the low-grade follicular and marginal zone lymphoma study will be in the second half of this year. And in the first-line diffuse large B-cell lymphoma probably in Q1 2025. And we await that data. We know we have an active -- very active and well-tolerated regimen in lymphomas, and we look forward to that data.  As someone also brought up earlier there, and Pablo said, there's also interest now potentially in autoimmune work with CD19 antibodies, and that's something we're just looking at, at the moment.  To the meat of your question, yes, we very much expect the data to be meaningful with a well-tolerated active regimen, and we look forward to those data sets. 
Barry Flannelly: Sure. As you saw from our guidance, $2.69 billion to $2.75 billion, we're very optimistic about the continued growth of Jakafi. Obviously, we benefit in the IRA because as we talked about before, we have the small biotech exemption.  So beginning in 2025, for example, with the reduced out-of-pockets for patients, it really just helps the patients, of course, but we don't have to contribute that 20% to catastrophic that other oral drugs will.  So we think there is a benefit in 2024 for the reduced out-of-pocket in Medicare Part D being around [ $32.50 billion ] for patients for the entire year and then next year, being [ 2000 ] all patients who are taking oral oncology drugs, I believe, will benefit, but we continue to see our growth, as Herve pointed out, coming from PV, GVHD and in myofibrosis were very stable and remain the market leader in that setting. 
Barry Flannelly: No. We obviously said we're still confident about $3 billion plus by the time we hit 2028, so that's what we're still confident in. And so we think that '24 and '25 should be just fine. 
Barry Flannelly: Kripa, I'll take your first call, and then I'll hand it over to Pablo for the second part of your question. So for Jakafi share from competitors. There really hasn't been any impact on our duration of therapy or discontinuation rates at all, certainly in myelofibrosis. So we're very confident. We remain the market leader. Other JAK inhibitors may be used in the second line, third line setting. If anything, the market size itself is growing because now patients will go on 1, 2, 3 therapies, and I'll hand it over to Pablo for the second part of your question. 
Barry Flannelly: Sure. I think, in fact, the new competitors, let's take [indiscernible] and momelotinib as examples, there -- as far as we can tell from all of our market research, from all of our experience working with hematologists, they're all being used in the second-line setting or maybe in patients that have very, very low platelets, for example. So we anticipate because of really the overall survival benefit of Jakafi, because of the tolerability of Jakafi, because of the symptom release of Jakafi, it's a great drug, and it will continue to be very useful to patients who have myelofibrosis going forward. 
Barry Flannelly: I'll take the first part of your question, it's Barry. So for Jakafi, we continue to see myofibrosis -- the way I look at the myelofibrosis patient population, there's about 18,000 patients, prevalent patients with myelofibrosis. And because we're the market leader, because of the overall survival and symptom benefit that Jakafi provides, we will continue to think of patients as either being on Jakafi, which is most of the myelofibrosis patients or they have been on Jakafi or they will be on Jakafi. When they progress on Jakafi, then there's other options, fortunately, that are available to them. But going forward for 2024 and beyond, we continue to expect to be the market leader in first-line myelofibrosis. And I'll turn the call over to Pablo. 
Barry Flannelly: And Jessica, just on Jakafi, we may have actually had an impact from Change Health, but we don't know. We did have when it first happened some request from specialty pharmacies that wanted extended terms for payment. But we really can't see a big impact because most of the specialty pharmacies were able to switch over to the other system that provides the service for the specialty pharmacies. 
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, thank you for the question. So I mean, obviously, I'm not going to comment on data from other companies. Our BET inhibitor program, as we've discussed, is going very well, and we'll discuss additional data over the course of the year, and we're planning a potential pivotal trial going forward, which we'll unveil later this year. Reviewing the data from our internal program, we have, at this point, no concerns over the safety when it comes to AML transformation.  Now you -- I'm sure you know that if you follow a number of patients with MF for long enough, some of them will have transformation to AML as part of the natural history of the disease. But at this point, we have no concerns with our program. 
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes, Michael, thank you for the question. Now we've seen the data. Obviously, it's an impressive data set. At this point, as you know, we have a number of studies ongoing with povorcitinib. We've had internal discussions about the potential to extending the trials of povo to atopic dermatitis. What I can say right now is we're encouraged by the data from RINVOQ. I think that it's an indication that povo could work very well in this disease. We have not made an internal decision that -- yet as to whether to develop povorcitinib in atopic dermatitis yet, but it's certainly something we're contemplating. 
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. Thank you for the question. So in our CDK2 inhibitor program, we continue to be encouraged by the data that we've seen. And regarding your part of your question about what data we're going to reveal later this year, we're in the final stages of optimizing the dose for the CDK2 inhibitor program. Our idea will be later this year to provide a substantial clinical data set, including the dose selection for patients. Initially, the focus will be ovarian cancer, but not necessarily only over the longer term as well as we are starting combination trials in ovarian cancer, and we're continuing to enroll patients with breast cancer.  So later this year, you will see the dose selection as well as the data for ovarian cancer as well as the development plan in ovarian cancer.  When it comes to the bar for efficacy, if you look at the CDK2 inhibitor landscape today, most of our competitors have decided to focus on breast cancer or other areas. We continue to believe that ovarian cancer is an important opportunity. Other competitors in the space like ADCs are coming into play. We're tracking those closely to figure it out what is the overlap between the different patient populations in different -- with different molecular markers. But basically, in the second part of the year, later this year, we'll provide clarity on dose, schedule and the development plan in ovarian cancer patients. 
Pablo Cagnoni: Yes. So thank you for the question. So your observation is correct. We are moving more aggressively into targeted oncology and trying to shift away from immuno-oncology. And that's a journey that has started a little bit over a year ago, and we intend to accelerate in the future. The idea here is well-defined patient populations, large treatment effect ideally single-agent activity with early proof-of-concept, and that will allow us to have much more efficient drug development process to accelerate some of these programs.  We're very excited about the G12D program. We think it has the potential to be best-in-class. And as you point out, one of the things that we can leverage is we have access to what we believe is the most advanced for sure, oral PD-L1 inhibitor, and that will allow us to do oral-oral combinations in patients with a range of indications. And that applies also to the rest of the pipeline. And as I mentioned, that journey will continue to accelerate in the future. 
Pablo Cagnoni: So we haven't decided exactly the scope of the data disclosure for the mutant-CALR antibody later this year. What I can tell you is that plan is to combine the mutant-CALR antibody with Jakafi. And the idea there is, as you know, and we pointed out many times, Jakafi has a profound effect on symptom relief in these patients, which we believe, early in the management of the disease, could be very important even in the presence of a mutant-CALR antibody. The idea of mutant-CALR antibody here, as you know, is to transform -- is to change the treatment objective to really eradicate the malignant clone. But still a potential early treatment or induction with Jakafi could be very, very helpful for patients.  And regarding the other part of your question. Yes, we will have data in MF and ET as well. 
Pablo Cagnoni: I'm happy to comment. Look, I think what we're building is an important portfolio of first-in-class or best-in-class in some cases, best-in-disease medicines in the - I would expand the questions in the inflammation space.  And I think that was a key driver of the acquisition of Escient to complement that with 2 first-in-class medicines, 262 and 547, that can really address a range of indications. We believe that, that added to the portfolio that we have with povorcitinib, which is [indiscernible] pipeline within a drug, we can win across a range of indications by providing patients and payers with a portfolio approach to some of these diseases, including prurigo nodularis, atopic dermatitis and now the new inflammatory diseases. 
Pablo Cagnoni: We haven't provided specific guidance. I think we said 2025. So if I imply 2024, I apologize for misunderstanding but it's -- 2025 is the goal. 
