Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you Pam and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining this call. Let me begin by stating how please I am by our great progress and commercial momentum with Jakafi in MF, as well as the rapid regulatory and clinical advances that Incyte is making across our development pipeline. As you see the field of oncology is evolving at very high speed and we are in a position, in a comfortable position in the transformation of cancer treatment of treatment of cancer patients. So first, commercially phase of Jakafi continues to grow reaching $84 million in Q2 and as Jim will highlight today, we have raised our full-year on net product guidance from $315 million to $335 million to a range of between $330 million and $340 million. As announced earlier this week the FDA has approved the inclusion of updated safety and dosing information of our survival data into the Jakafi label. So regarding PV, while we did studies to meets its primary endpoints the sNDA has been submitted based on the pivotal data from RESPONSE. And we are confident that the results that we need are not required for FDA approval and we continue to believe that Jakafi has a potential to be an important new treatment for patients with uncontrolled PV. We are implementing our strategic development plan in the area of onco inflammation we have initiated two Phase III studies for ruxolitinib in pancreatic cancer, as well as three Phase II studies over ruxolitinib in other solid tumors. Regarding immuno-oncology we have no signs per-clinical trial agreements for our IDO inhibitor, so most recent of which Genetech was announced yesterday and we have already initiated the clinical trial of 24360 in combination with Merck’s anti-PD-1 immunotherapy pembrolizumab. In addition, Novartis and Eli Lilly continued to move our products forward, the royalties we receive from Novartis on ex-U.S. sales of Jakavi rose by over 100% in Q2 2014 of our last year. And in addition, Jakafi has recently been approved in Japan, figuring the payments of 25 million milestone to Incyte. We expect Lilly to share results from Phase III trial of Baricitinib our JAK1, JAK2 Inhibitor which is in development for rheumatoid arthritis beginning later of this year and to 2015. Now, I’ll pass to Jim, who will provide more details around our commercial accomplishment with Jakafi.
Hervé Hoppenot: Sure. So if you think about sort of the fully diluted both converts were exercised and our employee stock options were exercise it ranges somewhere between 205 million and 210 million. But there are some new launches in that calculation where you add back interest expense and then for employee stock options you utilize the treasury stock method. So it would be slightly lower than the fully diluted count.
Hervé Hoppenot: It’s difficult for me to comment on what other companies believe or tell us in private conversations. But I would say in general the fact that we have four major either PD-1 or PD-L1 and they have all now signed collaboration agreements with us shows that across the board there is interest in combining with the IDO inhibition mechanism and in addition I think it shows that no one wants to be left out of that game by not playing at the same time. So I think they all think that there is a good potential for the combination. And now it’s time to get the data for each of those individual combinations.
Hervé Hoppenot: That’s a challenging question. And that’s why we’ve left it at a billion dollars between both PV and MF. Clearly, you are never going to get 100% of your addressable population. But at a third we would certainly believe that a 50% penetration is realistic and is clearly within our ambition to do that. So as we look at the billion dollars, we don’t know if it’s 600 million with MF and 400 with PV or 500. But clearly the message we want to communicate is that we do have substantial long-term upside in MF.
Hervé Hoppenot: We are not at this time, we have no reason at this point to believe that there are differences between the two PD-1 and PD-1 and remains within whether in combination, with we will even see significant differences between the PD-1 and the PDL-1. So the strategy here is to be a partner with a range of checkpoint inhibitors in immunotherapies and not higher so down to one thing. And in fact while there is some redundancy particularly around non-small cell lung cancer which is interest to everyone by having different partnerships, we do get to explore a range of potential indication and depending upon initial data this potential to add indications beyond those that are currently plan.  So I think it gives us a broad look at the possibilities for combination with PD-1 targeted therapies. 
Hervé Hoppenot: So I will start and maybe Reid has some additional comments. So first of all in terms of targeted therapies in solid tumors we’ve already started study with ruxolitinib and with what deliver them and survivor in colon cancer which is targeted therapy. and we do have others plan with solid tumors they have not been announced yet and nothing with that ruxolitinib or 39110 but with JAK inhibitors and other targeted therapies are planned and we’ll talk about that when they’re closer to starting. And then in addition, we’re of course interested in JAK1 inhibitors with other targeted therapies in immunologic malignancies with combination of JAK1 and our PI3K delta in b-cell malignancies as an example of ongoing study. And with respect to PD-1 and PDL-1 I mean as I said in answer to earlier question there are three radical reasons to believe that they may be very similar or difference in what this have to generate the data and our view has been that we will do the studies and find out.
Hervé Hoppenot: I don’t know probably ASCO is a reasonable time for an update I don’t know that it would be going any specialty meetings or anything like that.
Hervé Hoppenot: Sure on persistence again we can see a steady and significant increase in persistence over time. That’s driven by two things, one is we’re seeing an overall healthier patient being put on Jakafi as judged by their base line platelet counts and hemoglobin levels. And secondly, we’re seeing physicians becoming more fast in the dosing. We’re seeing increased use of titration and we’re also seeing an increased use of lower strength doses. So we’re pleased with the progress we’ve made on the persistence front and because it’s a moving target we’ve refrained from trying to quantify it and I think we’ll remain with that position.
Hervé Hoppenot: Hervé here, question on the moving on field of immuno-oncology in general. I must say the first priority for all of us to successfully develop our IDO inhibitor where we’re 14 plus and where we have an original mechanisms that has a lot of promising potential currently. So that’s really is the number one. Now evolving in the field of immuno-oncology doesn’t necessarily mean biology, in fact PI3-kinase delta field is a place that seems to be moving from targeted to immuno-oncology as we speak. So that certainly is something of interest and we have, we’re looking at small molecules of potential way to address some of the medical needs with the mechanism in the field of immuno-oncology. And obviously probably like everybody else we would be looking at external opportunities at similar we do get internal opportunities which is the science around it and how does it fit with our overall portfolio strategy but it’s still not number one item on our priority list today.
Hervé Hoppenot: Regarding the philosophy behind the partnerships is really old science, what we are doing now is finding which indication if there are difference between indications for which product you throwing a reason there are differences between the PD-1 and the PDL-1 will be better if they need for combination what they do, now if it’s another case I mean we find that the mechanism is across different indication on across different product. Frankly our goal is to develop ideal independently and to have variable that we declaring that it’s a drive that should be use and could be use in combination with multiple partner.  So the partnerships we have today are not sort of across before a bigger set there in Italy scientific partnerships, regulatory partnerships but when we find the proof of concept under right indication that could lead to approval of ideal in combination with multiple products and multiple indications that’s the goal that we’re pursuing and we would see the commercialization of that product as being done by insides.
Hervé Hoppenot: And on baricitinib we really can’t comment beyond what and has been announced by Lilly so they presented the results of first part of their Phase 2 study in psoriasis, obviously they presented their rheumatoid arthritis studies some time ago the diabetic nephropathy study is scheduled to read to out and we presented in some form next year. There are four Phase 3 studies ongoing in RA and in addition to that there is also long-term extension study beyond that we’re just not at liberty to say what they’re either going to do or the types of things they’re thinking about.
Hervé Hoppenot: Bret it’s about 60,000 patients in the U.S. who are on HU or have been on HU. About 5,000 patients were on HU and discontinued due to lack of efficacy or tolerability issues. 55,000 patients remained on HU and in terms of the one out of four we’ve really triangulated on that through some published studies and we can share those with you off line as well as chart audits that we’ve conducted ourselves. So we’re feeling very confident that one out of four is a reasonable balanced estimate if the opportunity.
Hervé Hoppenot: Thank you. I think, I mean what you saw in the Q2 report is a lot of progress on many fronts first the commercial momentum is very good in that. We have on the regulatory side the PV that has been achieved in also Q2 and as you see on the development front we’re moving forward also very fast very aggressively both in onco information and immuno-oncology with our IDO program and in addition we’re in a very good and strong financial position. So when you look at this Q2 result as being extremely positive from our strategic objective spent. Thank you for attending the call. And I guess we’d be back in three months.
Jim Daly: Hi Eric this is Jim. Eric to answer question both the facts are true I think it will help us to increase the overall breadth of prescribing I think for current prescribers the new label should motivate them to look for patients with what’s obvious what’s advance disease and I think longer term it does represent a significant hurdle for new competitors to try to meet to come to the market. It will obviously take the competition years to build a three year Kaplan-Meier’s survival curve. Now in terms of trend rate our view is we’re not expecting a trend rate based upon the label update. Now with the low prevalence disease was often rate limiting for physicians to act upon new information how long it takes for them to see their next MF patients. And as result, as a best case scenario I would not expect any type of trend break or step change in terms of performance.
Jim Daly: Hi Josh this is Jim. Josh I would now anticipate a major increase in SG&A with respect to the PV launch. We have already incurred the sales force expansion cost and there is a lot of synergy between MF and PV in terms of our promotional support for the new indication. So I would not build in a major step increase in expenses corresponding to launch.
Jim Daly: First on the non-MF sales, that is a percentage of overall sales is remain relatively constant over the last several quarters so we have not seen any type of increase proportionality in our non-MF sales. With respect to the phasing of the guidance the low end represents a low single digit growth rate for the rest of the year and high end represents a high single-digit growth rate for the rest of the year. Listen Matt our goal is trying to beat the guidance that’s always our goal but we think that high single-digit growth rate represents a reasonable base case scenario that is both ambitious and achievable.
Jim Daly: This is Jim, it actually does not. We knew that we would not have the release data when we filed the response sNDA. So all along we knew that we would not have a symptom claim at launch. I think the key point -- we will clearly know it’s a negative study, so that’s always a disappointment but if you’re going to have a negative study that was the one to have. Because the primary goal in PV is control and the data contained in response gives us the promotional evidence that we need to go after the vast majority of those one out of four patients who are on controlled.
Jim Daly: So there a number of different Phase III studies that are ongoing, including study in patients who have previously felt on TNF or have response to TNF inhibitors in a few studies in DMARD or methotrexate responders. I think one of the key studies is the largest study which is head-to-head comparison was not only continuing that the truck phase but also -- includes methotrexate. The study is large and is also the structure study. You’ll get head-to-head comparison with Imuran in terms of signs and symptoms as well as structure which is something that was not present in the structural studies done by Pfizer. So I think there are two key things that could lead to a differentiation, one is the safety profile and by avoiding JAK3 there are still reasons to believe that this has in Phase 2 and may very well in Phase 3 the differentiation. The structure study has been made larger with the powering based on the results of the Pfizer study and then again it’s the ability to have a head-to-head comparison, where of course there is not a head-to-head comparison to Xeljanz per say. And I’ll turn it over to Jim to talk about commercial aspects.
Jim Daly: We defer to Lilly in terms of all aspects of commercial execution, but just to address your question in RA it’s all about the product profile. I mean today the three largest selling drugs in the world last year were Humeral, Remicade and Enbrel. And that is both good and bad, it’s good that it represents a tremendous opportunity, it’s bad and that they are going to defend their business very aggressively and if there is a weakness or vulnerability in your product profile it will be exploited and the issue which Xeljanz is that from launch with the 5 million BID dosing they had, perceive weakness with respect to the claims that Rich has referred to the claims to inhibit progression of structural damage. That structure claim is absolutely vital if you’re going to compete successfully against the biologics. Now if you come in with a competitive clinical profile and you have the added convenience of one a day oral we think that can be a very successful product.
Jim Daly: Dave, this is Jim. Dave there is natural rhythm to the business and we’ve seen that over the last couple of years now. Particularly the first quarter will be challenging, we will have headwind in the first quarter and that’s due to a number of factors it including running out our inventory built that you may have had in the fourth quarter, it includes the phenomenon where patients may full forward in prescription from January and the December in anticipation of having new deductibles, reentering the donut hole and you can also have the friction dealing with plan changes in the first quarter. So the first quarter is challenging and then we see a very nice rebound in the second quarter we saw that last year we see that this year, you have prepared for a slight slowdown in third quarter as you deal with quite frankly a doldrums, it involves things as vacations on the position and patients or new patients visits we’ll tend to flatten out I think you see a strength in the fourth quarter and again that can be reflection of patients going forward and that prescription we can’t, last year we did see some inventory build and so that’s kind of the rhythm in the business that we’re anticipating as we plan our phasing.
