Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to report that Incyte continues to perform very well across all aspects of the business. We have recently delivered exciting data at both the EADV Congress and at ESMO, and we are looking forward to seeing many of you at ASH in San Diego. Total product revenue continues to grow nicely, and we recognized a 25% increase in nine months revenue versus the same period last year. Revenues of over $1.2 billion in the first nine months of 2018 included over $1 billion in Jakafi sales and over $160 million in royalties from Jakavi and Olumiant, reflecting strong demand for both ruxolitinib and baricitinib on a global basis. It's important to note that Q3 net sales for Jakafi were negatively impacted by inventory moves late in the quarter, and Barry will provide additional details in a few minutes. Patient demand for Jakafi remains strong and slide five provides some historical data charting U.S. patient demand alongside U.S. revenue recognized for Jakafi. Going back to the third quarter of 2012, you can see that Jakafi revenue and the total number of patients taking Jakafi show a fairly consistent rate of growth. Due to the strength in underlying demand and the growing number of patient on Jakafi, we are pleased to be increasing the bottom end of our guidance range so that our guidance for full-year revenue for Jakafi is now a range of $1.37 billion to $1.4 billion. Before I pass the call to Barry for more details on Jakafi performance, I would like to quickly mention recent updates from our portfolio. It's been an exciting few weeks for Incyte, starting with very encouraging data from ruxolitinib cream in patients with atopic dermatitis presented at EADV last month, as well as data from capmatinib and pemigatinib at the ESMO conference last week. On the regulatory front, we were pleased that the FDA accepted the sNDA for ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute GVHD for Priority Review and assigned a PDUFA date of February 24 next year. Looking forward, GRAVITAS-301 study of itacitinib in patient with newly diagnosed GVHD is enrolling very well, and both our PD-1 and PI3 kinase-delta programs are on track. We see three baricitinib data in atopic dermatitis also expected in the first half of next year. There is much to be excited about in the coming months. With that, I'll turn the call over to Barry for more details on the sales performance of Jakafi.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Thanks, Dave. And I would like to pause here for just a minute to say a few words of thanks for the invaluable role you have played in the Incyte leadership team since joining us in 2014. And I would like to take this opportunity to publicly thank you for all of your contribution and to wish you well in your retirement when we identify your successor. So, to end our discussion, I would like to share our key objectives for between now and the end of 2019. On the regulatory front, we have three important goals. First, we expect to achieve FDA approval for ruxolitinib in steroid-refractory acute GVHD in the first quarter of 2019. It may come sooner, and if so, we are ready to launch. Second, should the pemigatinib data continue to evolve as we expect, we intend to submit an NDA for cholangiocarcinoma next year. Third, Novartis has stated that it plans to submit an NDA for capmatinib in non-small cell lung cancer with MET exon-14 skipping mutations next year. Regarding key clinical data, we are currently expecting results from several registration-enabling trials before the end of 2019. Firstly, we expect to announce the result of the Phase 3 program for baricitinib in atopic dermatitis. Then data from three GVHD pivotal trials, GRAVITAS-301 with itacitinib and REACH2 and REACH3 with ruxolitinib are also expected to be available during 2019. We also expect to complete recruitment of the continuous dosing cohort for pemigatinib in patients with bladder cancer. If data from this cohort are positive, they could form the basis for a regulatory submission. We also anticipate initiating several Phase 3 programs before the end of next year. So GRAVITAS-309 trial is in preparation and we study itacitinib in patients with treatment-naïve chronic GVHD, and we are also planning on opening a Phase 3 program evaluating ruxolitinib cream in adults with atopic dermatitis, and if the Phase 2 is successful, a Phase 3 program in patients with vitiligo. Finally, we plan to start Phase 3 trial of pemigatinib in both cholangiocarcinoma and first-line bladder cancer. We believe that there is a significant value embedded in our portfolio, and it's up to us to execute on these opportunities in the coming months. By creating the right molecule and working towards clinical success, we aim to create value for both shareholders and society by bringing new and innovative therapies to patients. In doing so, we expect to drive Incyte to a sustained and significant profitability. Operator, that concludes our prepared remarks. Please give your instructions and open the call for Q&A. Thank you.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: I think your question is really about our overall R&D investments or what we believe is that the quality of the science we have here at Incyte, the quality of the discovery team is now proven. We spoke about ruxolitinib and baricitinib already approved, commercially available. We are speaking of now pemigatinib, itacitinib, capmatinib, so that will be like five molecules that are coming from our own discovery group that have been now very close to crossing the line and showing a lot of very promising data. So, it shows that R&D done the right way can be extremely productive. And before you have late-stage products, obviously you have to have early-stage products. And that's why we have a portfolio of early-stage program. We don't know yet from that portfolio which one will be the breakthrough that are moving very quickly, and which one may end up being more on hold. I must say, in terms of investment, most of it is coming from the late-stage portfolio. So, if you look at the way the investment is calibrated between early-stage and late-stage, what you see is that the pre-proof of concept program usually have a relatively modest impact on the models – I mean it's a relatively smaller impact on the R&D budget. And our choice to develop these products is really based on the data and the science and the medical need and trying to improve treatment of cancer. Or outside of cancer, as you can see, there are now a number of fairly interesting programs we have. And I must say, the atopic derm and the vitiligo program for ruxolitinib cream are, assuming we get good data from the Phase 3, are going to be very productive for our corporation. So, that being said, obviously, we are very cautious about our investments in R&D. And as I said in my remarks, the way we see the entire corporation evolve is increase profitability. I think Dave spoke about the profitability we have seen in this quarter, which was double what we had a year ago, and that's a trend over a period of time that you will see confirmed with the progress of our business.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: It's a good question and it's part of – related to an earlier question about the value creation through research and development. I think that's a very good example of a project that we have been working on in general now for more than two years of looking at non-cancer related application of the technology coming from research. So, we have a group of biologists working on that, and it's starting to translate into clinical programs. And these clinical programs are going in many different indications. We have obviously the dermatology group of indications where there are a number of projects but we have also a program in ulcerative colitis, we have a number of pre proof-of-concept small programs trying to establish these products. So, as we get these proof-of-concepts, we will have to make decision on doing the Phase 3 ourselves or to find a partner. In the case of dermatology for atopic derm, and I can say already for vitiligo, we will do the pivotal Phase 3 studies internally. And as we are seeing this data maturing and as we get the result of the Phase 3, that's where we will have decisions to make on how do we plan to do the commercialization for each of these products. At this stage, these decisions have not been made. You can imagine that there are differences depending maybe on the geographies also. So, we are looking at it as Asia, Europe, U.S. And we are looking at it as do we go and do it ourselves, or is it better value for the corporation and the shareholders to do it with a partner? And all of this is up in the air now. We are in the process of identifying and quantifying our options to make sure we choose the one that is the most productive.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Hervé here. I will answer. On the worldwide basis, we have no intention to go into co-promotion of capmatinib at this stage. I think the contract we have with Novartis on the capmatinib gives them the right to promote it. And so, that's not part of the plan. I would say, on hematology versus oncology, you have – depending on the countries, you have a separation of the two specialties on that. I mean most of them are practicing in the same buildings, in the same hospital. So, you can imagine that there is from hematology commercial organization already synergies for launching an indication in oncology, like for example, cholangiocarcinoma, if it is the first to come up. Cholangiocarcinoma is relatively rare. So, it's an indication where we believe we could fairly easily be promoting it by ourselves in a way that will not involve a very large increase of our sales force. So, depending on other indications that would be coming after cholangiocarcinoma, I think bladder cancer will be a specific different type of customer base, in fact, with some of them being in the urology department. So, we will have to address as we go. My experience with hematology-oncology and the mix of products in both specialties over a number of countries – a large number of countries over a number of years is that there is a lot of ways you can organize it geographically or by specialty, depending on the density of your customer population. And that's probably what we will be doing.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: So, on your question about R&D allocation, obviously I think it's an important question, in fact, because as you can see, there are a lot of aspects of what we do that is very much quantified and rational and based on our projects. And the more clarity we can give on how resources are allocated, I think the better it is. So, we are looking at what is the sort of the norm in our industry. So, we have been looking at how other companies have been giving more clarity on their R&D allocation and we will be considering doing some of that or all of it in the future when – at the time we are reporting next year.
Hervé Hoppenot - Incyte Corp.: Okay. Thank you for your time today, for your questions. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor and medical conferences including at ASH. But for now, we thank you again for your participation in the call today. Thank you and good-bye.
Barry P. Flannelly: Thank you, Hervé, and good morning, everyone. Patient demand for Jakafi remains very strong, and we are seeing good uptick in both MF and PV indications. Slide eight shows a robust growth in patient demand for both MF and PV. As you can see, the total number of MF patients currently on Jakafi, shown in blue, continues to rise, and the pool of MF patients on therapy continues to be greater than PV, shown in orange. The total number of PV patients on Jakafi is growing faster than MF, and we continue to expect that in time the number of PV patients taking Jakafi will overtake MF. The sales bridge, provided on the left-hand side of slide nine shows continued demand growth in Q3 and the effect of inventory changes on net sales. We saw an unexpected destocking at several large customers late in the third quarter, leading to a negative inventory effect of approximately $8 million in the quarter. The nine-month sales data shown on the right-hand side of slide nine where effects of changes in inventory are normalized shows a strong 21% growth over the same period last year. The number of new patient starts is typically a leading indicator for sales performance, and Q3 new patient demand data are encouraging and provide us with good momentum as we enter the fourth quarter. Giving our confidence in the full-year outlook today, we have adjusted Jakafi guidance by lifting the lower end of the prior guidance range. Slide 10 shows the consistent yearly growth of Jakafi, adding more than $200 million in net product revenue each year since 2014. We are on target to continue that trend again for the full year of 2018, given that the midpoint of the new guidance range represents more than $250 million in increased Jakafi revenue versus the full year of 2017. I am very pleased that both indications are driving growth as we continue to secure new patients, while also maintaining current patients on therapy for longer. Given the success of the REACH1 trial, we continue our readiness efforts for potential approval of Jakafi in steroid refractory acute GVHD. Our team has made excellent progress in educating physicians about the benefits that Jakafi provides in both MF and PV indications. And I have every confidence the team will do an equally outstanding job for patients with GVHD. We submitted the sNDA on schedule during the third quarter based on positive results from REACH1 in patients with steroid refractory acute GVHD, and the FDA has recently accepted it for Priority Review. As we detailed last quarter, we believe our team's size and structure has already been optimized, and we are ready to launch immediately in this indication, if approved. With that, I'll pass the call over to Steven for an update on our portfolio.
Barry P. Flannelly: Hi, Salveen. This is Barry. I'll take the first part of your question and hand it over to Steven for the second part of the question. So, in terms of the build, so we already have, at the – throughout this year, we've added 25 sales representatives, three MSLs, and two oncology nurse educators. And that was to get ready, in fact, for GVHD but also to take advantage of continued growth opportunities for Jakafi in myelofibrosis and polycythemia vera. So, those oncology sales representatives are actually positioned around the top centers that do stem cell transplants and where most GVHD would be found. So, I think, as we said before, the top 50% – at the top 50, stem cell transplant centers account for about 70% of the transplants. So, we think it's really targeted. Our training is beginning now for – so our training materials are all prepared in terms of educating our internal teams, including the sales teams. We call on many of these targets already, these – about 50% of the physicians that are doing transplants because, remember, some of them are doing transplants for myelofibrosis patients. So, we know the centers. We've been profiling the centers. We have another team that we call our national account managers that have been making sure that we'll be able to have Jakafi on formulary for steroid-refractory acute GVHD. So, we think we're well-prepared in terms of that education. And then, of course, we'll educate healthcare professionals about the benefits that Jakafi provides in this patient population. And we're fully prepared in putting together materials for that. With that, I'll hand it over to Steven.
Barry P. Flannelly: Well, we're hopeful that will get approved as soon as possible. But we're just working on exactly the size of the team that we'll need for this patient population in cholangiocarcinoma with FGFR2 translocations. So, those efforts are really ongoing, and we'll continue to update you as we get closer to an actual launch date.
Barry P. Flannelly: Okay, Matt, so I'll take the first part. No, we think this is one-time. Well, inventory changes periodically. We've seen it over a quarter, sometimes the inventory is above the normal range that we experience, sometimes it's below the normal range, which is what we say is two and a half to three weeks of inventory in the channel. And even if you move a couple of days one way or the other, now that's about $12 million. Was it a driver of the inventory burn off this quarter? Well, we took a 3% price increase at the beginning of September, and historically, we've seen after we take a price increase that inventory does go down, but generally it's gradually over time. This was very quick and a little bit more dramatic that we saw some destocking. To be honest, even in October that's already reversed itself. We're on budget for October, we're on budget to hit the guidance that we just gave before. We're planning to deliver close to $250 million in 2018 above and beyond what we sold in 2017. So, we're very confident moving forward. And I'll hand it over to Steven for the second part.
Barry P. Flannelly: So, Tyler, I think you were asking two separate questions. One is that the long-term guidance that we have on Jakafi, which includes acute steroid-refractory GVHD and chronic steroid-refractory GVHD as well as ET, and that brings us to the $2.5 billion to $3 billion guidance that we have given before. In terms of itacitinib, obviously, it would be used mostly in what we're currently studying in treatment-naïve acute GVHD and treatment-naïve chronic GVHD, and globally, so that is a global product. So, that is separate from our guidance on Jakafi. So, globally for itacitinib, we see about 15,000 patients that would have both treatment-naïve acute GVHD and treatment-naïve chronic GVHD. And then you can do the numbers from there. And obviously, we haven't done pricing and other forecasts around that. But we know what the opportunity is, it's bigger than the – perhaps the steroid-refractory setting and we'll take advantage of that. Thanks.
Steven H. Stein: Thanks, Barry. Thanks for the question, Salveen. So, you asked about the read-through from the REACH1 results to the REACH2 program, which is in steroid-refractory acutes as well, but a randomized study against best available therapy, and then REACH3, which is in chronic graft versus host disease and also randomized study. Overall, the read is positive, given that it's JAK inhibition with a few nuances. Acute disease is generally an apoptotic disease, whereas chronic disease is more a fibrotic disease. But given that we have proof of concept in both entities, we obviously feel strongly about the likelihood of probably of success here and thus we conducted these large Phase 3 programs. So, overall positive reads there. The same applies to itacitinib, even though it's more selective for JAK1. Again, JAK inhibition being important across the spectrum of graft versus host disease, let me just remind you of itacitinib's proof of concept data at actually a few years ago, which showed a very high response rate in steroid-naïve as well as in steroid-refractory. But the steroid-naïve response rate was 20 points higher and thus gave us proof of concept to go ahead with GRAVITAS-301. Why is it important? Because of the sparing of JAK2, there's expected to be relatively less cytopenias. And given that these patients are steroid-naïve acute to immediately post-transplant, what they're struggling with in terms of morbidities, often cytopenias in terms of low platelets, low white cells, anemias. So, the cytopenias-sparing effect should be helpful and should translate to increased success and tolerability. Thanks.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah, thanks for the question. Again, it's Steven. Generally speaking, steroids have approximately a 40% to 50% response rate with the attendant side effects, particularly when they're used over the long-term, which are well-known in terms of steroid side effects. So, from our point of view, a response rate that's one north of that and in absolute numbers can be quantified, but it should be higher than steroids. And then, in terms of what we know, in terms of tolerability, and you have got ample evidence of long-term use of ruxolitinib in MF and PV now. The profile is very different from long-term use of steroids. So, the effect would have to be that higher response rate and a better tolerability profile that would enable people to get off of the steroids, and that's what we're looking for in GRAVITAS-301. And that would be an additional clinical benefit to the actual treatment of graft versus host disease is the ability for patients to be weaned off of the steroids.
Steven H. Stein: Yeah, Sean (27:49), it's Steven. Thank you for your question. Yes, it's a good surprise, right? The ESMO updated data showed that centrally reviewed response rate of 40%, which is robust, and as you noted, increased with time. For reasons in one particular tumor versus others is we see that it's not entirely clear. But obviously the biology of that particular FGFR2 translocated cholangio is such that over time you can get increased cytoreduction. Probably, a clue for that came if you look at the entire waterfall plot is the disease control rate is north of 80%. So, just about everybody is having some degree of cytoreduction from the get-go. And obviously, over time, those improved in a substantive way that were also really durable. So, given the context, given that this is second-line cholangiocarcinoma, given that chemotherapy in the setting has maybe a 10 – at a stretch 15% response rate with very short progression pre-survival, we believe these results are now in the territory to meet potential regulatory approval-type data. And to – further to your question, we will be discussing, of course, with the regulatory authorities, does this meet breakthrough designation criteria, and as such, will it qualify for Priority Review? And again, we feel strongly that that's starting to look increasingly to be the case. I am focused in my comments on the FDA. We didn't mention Europe because the root there for single-arm studies is harder. But given this updated data set, we will obviously be discussing these in Europe with the regulatory authorities as well. So this now meet potential regulatory approval criteria. So, very encouraged by the data set and surprised in a good way by the increase in response rate that's durable over time.
Steven H. Stein: Hi, Matt. Thanks for your question. This is Steven. I mean, they're the obvious issues, but I'll go through them. The type of things we are discussing, given the proof-of-concept work we've conducted and presented already are the dosing, the need to study more than one dose or not. The number of studies that are needed in this setting in dermatology, conventionally it's at least two studies. The size of those studies, given that the safety databases in dermatology indications tend to be 1,000 patients or north of that. And whether or not an active comparator is needed or not in these studies. I think those are the four main issues. The good news is we're very close to closure on those and we aim, as Hervé said in the call, at a minimum to get these studies going in the first quarter of 2019, if not sooner. So, we're in a good place, we have the right set of proof-of-concept data, we have agreement on most of these issues, and we should be going soon.
Steven H. Stein: So, Brian, it's Steven. Thanks for your question. Obviously, the lifecycle management of RUX itself is incredibly important to us, given that we have patent runway in the United States and beyond at least through 2027. So, it's a large program with numerous efforts. You focused your question on one of them, which is combination work. We have various combinations ongoing. The one that you'll see that's currently the most encouraging to us, and you'll see data readouts on relatively soon in upcoming meeting at the end of the year, which we already showed you a sneak preview in 10 patients at the R&D day there's a ruxolitinib plus PI3 kinase program, the delta program with 50465. And in that early read, we showed you in the 10 patients at the R&D day, you saw both a further decrease in spleen volume in terms of actual – and a reasonably objective measure of activity as well as symptom improvement. Remember, RUX itself is such a fantastically successful drug that it's not easy to recruit these trials quickly. And most people stay on RUX for a very long time and do really well. So, the additional needs beyond, in terms of regulatory endpoints, aren't very clearly defined. We've been working with the FDA in the space because we have numerous combinations ongoing and trying to come to a very strict definition of what constitutes, if you will, "ruxolitinib failure or RUX refractoriness". And then put people appropriately on those studies to make sure we always have apple-to-apple comparisons across our programs and others. So, they're not strictly defined yet, but we've been working very carefully to get those to you. We also have ongoing programs, just to mention, with ruxolitinib plus our PIM inhibitor, which has really good pre-clinical data. And then a combination with JAK1 with itacitinib itself that's ongoing as well in patients who either can't tolerate doses of RUX or have to come off of it, and then we have a switch strategy as well. So, it's a very large combination program across all of them with the lead clinical evidence now for which you'll see updated data at the meeting end of this year is the RUX plus PI3 kinase-delta program. And hopefully, the endpoints will be more clearly defined over time.
Steven H. Stein: Katherine, hi. It's Steven. Thank you for your question. It's a good one. So, in terms of the dose we netted out at the end of Phase 2 trying to weave the therapeutic ratio between efficacy and safety, we had come up with a 13.5 milligram two weeks on, one week off dosing regimen, which many competitors at the time were doing as well, given the tolerability profile as regard to hyperphosphatemia, GI side effects, et cetera. Our cholangiocarcinoma dosing regimen, as you've seen, is the intermittent one, 13.5, two weeks on, one week off, with the efficacy we just showed at ESMO and just spoke about. In the interim in FGFR3 mutated bladder cancer, the lead competitor there, the J&J compound, had switched from intermittent dosing to different continuous dosing regimens and had shown incremental improvements in efficacy from the mid-20% range up to the low 40% range and had filed earlier this year, it achieved breakthrough status. And that's the way they're doing their program in bladder cancer. So, what we've done in bladder cancer is switch from intermittent dosing to continuous because, again, we look like we have a similar response rate with intermittent there, and we're just beginning that continuous dosing journey and should enroll fully our study at some point next year, as Hervé said in his remarks. What we'd want to see from that is an incremental improvement in efficacy like they did in bladder cancer. Your safety question is pertinent, though. If you look at discontinuation rates between intermittent regimens and continuous regimens for our competitors, they almost double. So, you can go upwards of a 20% discontinuation rate, where you do continuous dosing. And obviously, that'll have to be watched because you want patients to stay on therapy. You want durability of responses, and you want long progression-free survival. So, that's the therapeutic ratio you have to weave when you do this effort. And it is likely that – same with us with continuous dosing that the tolerability profile may worsen slightly, although our discontinuation rates to date, with caveats on low numbers, are actually much lower. So, that's encouraging. In terms of partners across the spectrum, obviously, at the moment we have been talking mostly about monotherapy efforts, but as you move up to first line, particularly in bladder cancer, we may be examining efforts in combination with IO in terms of checkpoint blockade. That may be one of the relevant areas to attend to. And as you know, we have our own PD-1 inhibitor, so that's something we'd be interested in going forward. There are, as Hervé mentioned, other FGFR potentially driven diseases and there may be a way of doing a more agnostic approach across different tumor types, just like was done with checkpoint inhibitors with MSI high tumors, for example. And that's something we are going to be exploring actively next year. So, that's the status of the program. We have all the combination partners we need internally at the moment for the efforts we want to conduct. So, thank you.
Steven H. Stein: Tyler, hi. It's Steven. I'll go first and then hand it over to Barry. So, just to mention, the GRAVITAS-301 program that you referenced is with itacitinib, our JAK1 inhibitor. And then you turned over the rest of the question to RUX, so, I'll let Barry address that part. But for steroid-naïve acute, I think it's numerous factors. We've been really encouraged by the rapidity of enrollment and the enthusiasm around it. And I think it's related to the fact that there's a large unmet need in this area with a disease that can be of high morbidity and actually high mortality at six months, so there's that need to address. Plus, now the knowledge through numerous publications that JAK inhibition is highly effective, so people want to get on to these studies and have it tested. And I think those are – and then the global nature of the way we're conducting the study across the U.S. and Western Europe as well as some Japanese enrollment. So, those are all driving very encouraging enrollment and we're really happy to see where that is. I'll pass it over to Barry for your commercial question.
Steven H. Stein: It's Steven, I'll go first. Others may want to add to my comments. I think when you start getting more competitors, it's sort of validation of that you're chasing a target, although there is no approved FGFR inhibitor yet but that's recognized as an oncogenic driver, which you have compounds that are active, and you've seen activity data now in cholangiocarcinoma, which is FGFR2 translocated, FGFR3 mutated bladder. And in fact, a myeloproliferative neoplasm that we are studying as well, that's FGFR1 driven through an 8p11 chromosomal translocation. And then potentially other areas where FGFR may be a driver, but it's a little more unclear, because you're often looking at amplification rather than mutations. So, in terms of talking directly about competitors, which I won't do, but it's interesting that the field is as busy as it is. That's encouraging, it's good for patients, and we can learn where others are ahead. And I just gave you the perfect example earlier of the J&J switch with their inhibitor from intermittent to continuous and getting that efficacy bump, which we can clearly learn from and catch up pretty quickly. So, we don't view bladder as gone in any way, we think we have a superb molecule, we're going to do the continuous dosing experiment. As I said, we should finish enrollment sometime next year and we want to be very competitive there with what we think is an excellent compound. In cholangio, our view is we're ahead of everybody else. And as we said with the dataset, we will take it to hopefully a regulatory filing next year. In terms of the companion diagnostic, the way it works from a regulatory point of view is one has to have that attached to your study. We're working with the lead developer in this area, Foundation Medicine, with their test. It's important from the regulatory perspective in getting the study completed, done, and attached to your label. From an uptake point of view, I'll make a clinical comment, and then I don't know if anybody wants to add anything. What happens in the real world thereafter is a bit of a mix, is that people often have local testing available through their centers under CLIA certification in the U.S. or other means in the rest of the world. And as long as it's done appropriately to measure either the FGFR2 translocation or FGFR3, they will often go ahead and treat patients without waiting for the one that's actually per label from an uptake point of view. So – and that's increasingly being done across the globe now in various places. And certainly, once you have a validated pathway with an approved drug, you start seeing testing become routine. So, you can go back 20 years to HER2 in breast cancer and then EGFR in lung, et cetera, et cetera. So, they become routine diagnostic things. So, from a clinical point of view, uptake should sort of in some ways take care of itself. I don't know if anybody else wants to make other comments.
Steven H. Stein: Yes, it's Steven. Christopher, thanks for your question. So, on the size of a Phase 3 program for atopic dermatitis, I alluded to it a little earlier. But the FDA requirements on safety are the main driver here. We'd need at least 1,000 patients' worth of data probably across two studies. It could end up being slightly north of that. The good thing is these studies are relatively easy to do and go really quickly, as you just witnessed from the baricitinib atopic dermatitis program. So, there's no concern there. We'll get the right size in and get the right safety database to do that. For vitiligo, we have a very well-constructed proof-of-concept study similar to the way we did atopic derm with the dose ranging, the right control, et cetera. Would that suffice? Your question was on a standalone for regulatory approval. It's somewhat unlikely in the derm space. You usually have to conduct the studies I just mentioned. But given that we will have a large safety database from atopic derm, it's certainly something we would discuss, depending on the results. But just to manage expectations, the likelihood is that we would have to conduct, as Hervé said, the vitiligo Phase 3 program to get it across the finish line there. Thanks.
Steven H. Stein: Carter, I'll go first and then Hervé will take your second part. It's Steven. So, the RUX program in total will look at patients initially from 12 years of age and above with mild to moderate atopic dermatitis. And that will address the vast majority of that population. In terms of the pediatric set in the 2 to 11-year age gap, per the definition, that is what we are discussing with the FDA at the moment. It's an area we'd like to address. We need to just work out with them what they would consider safe dosing in terms, again, of the therapeutic ratio. And that should follow thereafter. But the program should start initially in ages 12 and above and that will address most of the mild-to-moderate population with which we want to go after with the ruxolitinib cream.
