Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you, all for joining us this morning. I'll begin by covering the highlights of our performance, as well as the share repurchase program and quarterly dividend that we are pleased to announce today. Frank will then take us through the financial results in detail, and I'll close with some additional color about what's taking place in our agencies and the tone of the business. As always, we'll make sure we leave plenty of time for Q&A. Well, as you can see, we recently completed a very strong year. Coming off a brutal recession, we entered 2010 uncertain as to the strength of the recovery and therefore focused on managing our costs. As the year unfolded, the economy stabilized and began to improve. And we were able to capitalize on these changes in the macro-environment to achieve strong growth in revenue and profits, which was apparent in Q4 and for the full year. 2010 was significant in that we put our company back on the track of competitive organic revenue growth and margin expansion that we had established before the recession hit the marketing services sector in 2009. For the year, organic revenue growth was 7% towards the top end of our peer group. Operating margin of 8.4% represented a significant recovery of 270 basis points compared to 2009. Looking more closely at the quarter, it's clear that the business ended the year on a strong note. Revenue increased 11.7% and 11.2% organically. As in all previous quarters of 2010, contributions to our growth came from the extremely broad range of the portfolio. Regionally, U.S. organic revenue growth was 13.1%. We saw a double-digit growth in the U.K., as well as in key emerging markets, such as India, China and Brazil. Looking at client sectors, almost all verticals posted double-digit growth during the fourth quarter, including auto, financial services, packaged goods, health and personal care, food and beverage and tech and telecom. The retail sector posted solid growth on top of a very strong Q4 '09. At the agency level, we had strong organic growth at all of our global networks. Marketing services performed very well, and our digital offerings and integrated U.S. independence continued to make significant contributions with outstanding performance during the quarter. This growth reflects the improved economic climate and growing confidence on the part of the marketers compared to a year ago. It's also a direct result of the investments we’ve made during the past year in talent, especially in developing markets and emerging media, as well as the strategic actions that we've taken to strengthen and reposition a number of our key agency brands. Q4 operating income was $331 million, an increase of 23% compared to a year ago. Operating margin was 16.4% compared to 14.9% in Q4 '09. Turning to EPS, earnings per diluted share for the quarter was $0.36, up from $0.24 in the comparable period last year, and for the full year, earnings per diluted share were $0.47, more than double the 2009 EPS of $0.19. Over the course of 2010, we continued to reduce debt, improve cash flow and greatly add to our company's overall financial strength. As a result, in addition to the strong operating performance that we are announcing today, we are very pleased to inform you that our Board of Directors has approved two important measures to further enhance shareholder value. First, our board has declared a cash dividend on our common stock in the amount of $0.06 per share, payable on March 25 to holders of record at the close of business on March 11. We expect to continue with this dividend on a quarterly basis. Second, our board has authorized the common share repurchase program of up to $300 million, which will go into effect immediately. These programs will not prevent us from investing in the many growth areas that are required to continue providing leading-edge solutions to our clients. They do however, represent significant milestones for our company, which demonstrate the great progress we've made in recent years and our confidence that we can continue to build on this success. At this point, I'll turn things over to Frank for an in-depth look at our financial performance.
Michael Roth: Yes, absolutely. We have not seen -- obviously, the next question is, what have we seen January? Or actually, what have we seen in the last week? We continue to see strong performance and there's no reason for us to expect a pullback. And you're absolutely right, as I indicated, the comps that we start comparing to get a little more difficult. So at this point in time, we see no reason to pull back in terms of our expectation of a positive performance in 2011.
Michael Roth: Yes, I mean, I think we've shown, just look at our 2010 results, our ability to convert incremental revenue. And we always say we use about a 30% conversion. For 2010, we actually achieved 40% conversion, if you pull out the additional severance that we had. So I think what you'll see is us continuing focusing on the efficiencies and our staff-to-cost ratios as we increase revenue. I think you can't get there without revenue increase. I know we've always stated that, and I think as you see our revenue throughout the year increase, we will manage our business to achieve the goals we set forth.
Michael Roth: Actually the pipeline is pretty solid. We've had a couple of announcements that will be coming out in the future. We can’t obviously, put them out there right now. So we're feeling good about our pipeline and our competitive offerings. The three reviews that are out there, let me go one by one. First, we have the Army, which is a mandatory review, as you know. There are four finalists, we have two of them, McCann is defending and Draftfcb is the other finalist. We're feeling real good in terms of the outcome there, and so we're anxious to see the results there. But I think we're in good position to, if not retain that business, to keep it within the IPG fold. The Microsoft review, it's currently going on right now. We're feeling very positive about that. We entered into that review with the client indicating how satisfied they are with our performance and we continue to show and build upon that. So we're working that through right now. And SCJ, we have a very strong relationship with SCJ, and we're working very hard to make sure that we continue that into the future.
Michael Roth: I think right now, the feeling, as the MCN leadership, is just one of concern in the certain markets that are going through the traumatic turmoil that we're watching on television every day. The markets that are mostly impact are relatively small for us but they're important. So we're keeping an eye on it and they're keeping us updated. But with the volatility in that part of the world, it's going to have an adverse impact on the business.
Michael Roth: It's about 2% for the entire region, and the specific markets that are most volatile right now are de minimis to that.
Michael Roth: In the U.K., we've seen some positive results. A lot of that is driven by events. We had some very strong events going on in the U.K. We think the U.K. is a good place to be. It's just not going to have the rapid growth that we see elsewhere, but it's certainly a key strategy for us to move forward. We haven't built into our plans any huge growth in those areas either. So we're going to see slow, gradual recovery there, and we're going to manage our business. The other thing we've done, as you saw in 2010 and 2009, is we right sized our business in those markets. At McCann, we've made some changes in leadership. Bringing Gustavo on board is an important addition for us. So we're going to continue to be strong in those markets, but we're not counting on the kind of recovery in that market as we are elsewhere.
Michael Roth: It was pretty much there and U.S. Those are the two key parts of the severance. And again, it's in those markets and disciplines that aren't showing the growth. Remember, we're investing strongly behind digital and media, and some of the other areas we're rightsizing.
Michael Roth: Well, look, we're in February, okay? And we are just completing our business plans for 2011. We have a very robust process where we go bottoms up for our networks. We meet with them, we go over the strategic requirements. Their staffing needs and their growth opportunities. And obviously, this is not an exact science. And frankly, it's early in the year. And as we go through the year and certainly, at our Investor Day, we're going to put a little color in terms of how we're going to achieve our targets. But I think we don't give guidance the way I know you would like us to do. This is directional, and this is how we're going to be managing our business, and how we think it's a safe and conservative approach to managing our business. And I think as you've seen, we've proven our ability to manage our business through all types of environments. So as the economy, if it gets stronger, then we'll be able to respond. And as the economy gets -- if for some reason it pulls back, we have levers that we can pull to make sure that we achieve our target. Our businesses are managed to achieving margin and revenue, and it's up for our business units to focus on specifically achieving that. So if we're falling short on the revenue side, then there's actions that we have to take on the expense side. So we're all marching towards the same objectives.
Michael Roth: Yes, and I think all these actions, when we undertake decisions like this, we're looking at the long-term financial position of the company, not the short term. And as that improves, then we look at what other opportunities we have out there, whether it is buying in some of our debt, if possible, reposition the share buyback. I mean, that's all those things -- frankly, this is a great conversation for us to have. I know many of you have been waiting for us to be in this position, and we've always said, we like to keep a conservative balance sheet. And the answer is, we do. We like to keep a conservative balance sheet. But at this point in time, we think this is the appropriate move at these levels, and as we see our performance towards achieving our goals get closer, then we'll take a harder look at that.
Michael Roth: We think there's still a real opportunity out there in terms of leveraging the tax NOLs, and those are real assets. And obviously, by using some of them in terms to avoid cash tax [ph] (52:32) payments is a good indication of the benefit we get. The other thing in our tax rate, what happens in the fourth quarter is you true-up your tax rate. You use your estimate for the year, and in the fourth quarter, you have to go back and really, look at what the full rate is, and you adjust it in the fourth quarter. So we saw some of that in the fourth quarter as well. And as Frank indicated, 40% is the right number to use and obviously, we hope to nail it. The best way to use a tax NOL is to earn your way out of it. And as we see recovery in those markets, then we have the ability to use these tax NOLs to offset that income without paying cash taxes, which is a real opportunity for us.
Michael Roth: Yes, actually, it's a fair point. It came off a very low base. But actually, look at it on another way, too. In prior years, we were pretty much generating Auto business from General Motors. I mean we were a GM -- and the whole industry has changed dramatically. And as you know, we picked up some additional Auto in terms of Volkswagen, Chrysler Media, we do Subaru. So the mix of our Auto business has become a little more fragmented than it used to be. So whatever was driving on the General Motors side, we're picking up some new business in the other areas, which is frankly consistent with the whole industry right now. And clearly, as you said, 2010 was a strong year in terms of the auto sector coming back and spending large amounts of money, and in particular, the recovery at General Motors is remarkable, with their IPO. So we benefited from that, as did our whole sector. So I think we're getting back to a more normalized level on the Auto sector, and we were just coming off a horrific period in 2009.
Michael Roth: Okay. In terms of the changes from where we were prior to the recession, our industry has changed dramatically. I mean, if you look at our -- just look at the actions we've taken from a strategic point of view from that period. We put Lowe and Deutsch together, we put Draftfcb together. Our media offerings have changed dramatically, and the great success of our Mediabrands is an indication that the marketplace has changed dramatically. So the offerings in the digital space, in the emerging markets, in the emerging media have taken front and center in terms of the recovery. And what's really interesting to see is that during this period when the economy was in the tank, we continued to invest behind these things. So that when, and if the recovery came, we were well positioned to do that. So we took some very hard severance actions during this period, but we've also reinvested in our businesses. So I think the difference between where we were and where we are now is in the business mix. And the type of offerings that we have now are much more sophisticated, they're much more accountability-driven. Digital, the emerging markets, double-digit growth in China, Brazil and India is an indication of the future. But let’s not forget, we have very strong waiting in the U.S. and North America, which has performed very well. So that's clearly an important engine that is helping us get back to those margins. But I think our business mix in terms of our offerings is much broader, it's much deeper, and the relationships in this market with our clients is a little more complicated. But complications and disruption is good for our business, because we have to be able to help our clients navigate that. So I think it's a robust environment, but we're much more in the fold in terms of the competitive set that we're dealing with. It's no longer that you can count on a relationship lasting 100 years. We have to earn our business every day, and we've invested in people and tools to make sure that, that happens. So I think that the nature of our business has changed dramatically, and the fact that we are able to start showing the improvement in the margin and revenue as we come out of the recession is an indication of our competitive positioning. So I feel good about that.
Michael Roth: I'll talk about pricing. I'll let Frank talk about free cash flow. Obviously, we're coming off a pretty strong year on free cash flow. So we don't see anything stopping that. But I'll let Frank comment it on. Pricing is competitive. And our challenge is to make sure that we're moving the needle. There's no question that in 2009, the procurement involvement in pricing was significant. It still is. But I think right now, our clients are in a very competitive set as well and they have to be able to move the needle. We just have to show that we're effective in terms of the offerings that we're making. And pricing, although it's competitive, given the efficiencies on how we operate our businesses, we're comfortable with our ability to deliver margins. But it's competitive. And what's good is that we're in all the pictures that are out there. We're winning our share, if not more. And in the end, winning and investing in some clients for a long-term relationship and continuing to performance is critical, and that's how we'll maintain our margins.
Michael Roth: Look, in a solid environment where we are growing, you would expect it to grow, and that's part of our plan.
Michael Roth: Well, I think we said 30% to 40% was where we were looking to convert revenue at, and we've shown we can do it, and that's what we're trying to do.
Michael Roth: Okay first of all, we don't see any issue on scale. I think, as I said, we're competitive on all the major pictures, we win our fair share. We have strong presence in all the markets, certainly in the emerging markets. We've always said that China, although we're not as large as some of our competitors, if you pull out the media side, we have a very strong offering in China, and we've always indicated our intention to invest in China and grow. And frankly, as we speak right now, we're out there looking, and we will be investing strongly behind China because we think that's opportunity. But we already have a good presence there, and we expect to grow it. So scale is not an issue in any of our offerings, whether it be digital, media, PR, certainly, not, and in the integrated offering, which is where the competitive situations are falling right now. As far as the question of the macroeconomics, we don't have a specific target on oil. I think if you broaden your question to the issue of, as the price of oil gets high, the cost of commodities, if you will, for our client base, becomes to be a pressure, and therefore, if I might -- I assume your question will lead to, will that impact the advertising spend? And I think the answer to that is we've seen that already happen in 2010. We see the pressure on our clients, particularly in the consumer goods, packaged goods marketplace, where the cost of raw material has gone up. And yet our clients continue to have to invest in their brands on the marketing services. So I think we have a ways to go before this is going to directly impact their need to spend behind on the marketing dollars. So I don't have a specific -- lower is better. But global economics is not something that I want to comment on right now other than, we've seen some ugly stuff out there, and our clients have realized that the best thing to do in a difficult environment is invest in their brands, and we see that continuing. There was a third question.
Michael Roth: And by the way, the range on that competitive margins we said is around 13%. So, we'll put a stake in the ground and say that's what we're driving to. If the overall economic environment changes and our competitor set change, we obviously will want to stay competitive.
Michael Roth: I think we've already said, we don't see a big recovery in Continental Europe. So in the low-single digits would be consistent with that.
Michael Roth: We didn't have any major losses in the fourth quarter. We've already indicated we have a couple of reviews out there. Frankly, there weren't a lot of major wins in the fourth quarter. Certainly, none that we've announced. [indiscernible] (01:09:27). And some media wins that we've had out there as well. Just recently, I wouldn't call it major, but Mullen won Barnes and Nobles was announced yesterday. Gevali at Draftfcb was a very big win. Actually, it was a retention, but it was a win given what was going on between, you know, and with Kraft. So to see Draftfcb win a great brand like Gevalia and defend is great news, and it goes to the strength of the Draftfcb offering and the people in that organization.
Michael Roth: Yes, we model out about $150 million in acquisitions and we usually come in within that range. We have a couple of transactions in the pipeline already. Mostly in the digital space. Obviously, that's a hard -- a strong growth area for us. And all of our networks, as well as the group here are looking at digital transactions. And we expect to be announcing a few, no major transactions, but a few of them in the upcoming weeks, if you will. Brazil continues to be a strong market for us. We keep looking for opportunities there. Obviously, I just mentioned China. We'd like to find some transactions in China, but we're not going to chase transactions in a market like that. We want to make sure that the people and the offerings are consistent with our strategic direction. And obviously, we've shown a growth, if you will, in Brazil. We've shown a growth in the U.K., actually, with the addition of Delaney, London, we're actually looking at the digital opportunities there, as well.
Michael Roth: Great. Well, as you can see, we're quite pleased with the results for 2010 and the fourth quarter. I think we're going into 2011 with a lot of momentum behind us. And we look forward to talking to you and with our first quarter results and we appreciate all your support. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: Matt, we're constantly looking at it. I think that the buy-back program that we announced today is a big step for us. We've got some converts that are out there, and we've got the capital in place. So we're constantly looking at dilution and multiple factors will contribute if we decide to do more. But from where we are today, we're pretty set on the actions we've announced.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Matt, as Michael pointed out in his comments, we're still going to be looking at opportunities to invest behind growth in our business. So we've got to balance that in the discussion.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the NOL front, Ben, there's about $1.7 billion of NOLs remaining. During the year, we utilized about $190 million, which had a cash tax savings of about $65 million or $70 million. So we are seeing cash generation and as we return to profitability and leveraging those NOLs to give us some cash cover. With respect to our rate for the year, we had some positive impact on our effective rate based upon where we saw earnings, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. We think, going forward, for modeling purposes, a 40% effective rate is a reasonable rate. We did a little better than that this year. And as it relates to cash taxes, we were about 18% or 19% this year, which is a very, very good result. And I think that the tax team did a terrific job. We think, again going forward, that number should be 20% or 21%.
Frank Mergenthaler: We'll look at the entire cash need, Ben, in the portfolio, whether it be on acquisition front, or whether it be investment in CapEx. But we put a plan in place, we tend to execute that plan in a reasonable timeframe.
Frank Mergenthaler: The Other two questions, James, severance, 1% is probably a reasonable number. And on the incentive asked, 3.5% to 4% of revenue is probably reasonable, and on the capital return and the rating agency discussion, we've being talking to rating agencies throughout this process, so that they were well aware of what we were doing and supportive of it. The dialogue with all three agencies has been good. We've been upgraded by one agency and the other two have us on positive outlook. So we'll continue to be transparent and work with them. And our expectations are, we will be investment grade in the not-too-distant future with the other two agencies.
Frank Mergenthaler: Going to free cash flow, we expect it to be strong, and it was one of the factors we considered when we were determining that moving forward on the dividend and the share buyback. We're not ready to put a number on it now, but we feel pretty good about.
Frank Mergenthaler: David, your third question. We've been pretty consistent when we make reference to competitive margins, we're talking to about U.S. competitor.
Frank Mergenthaler: I don't have that, Craig, with us. I think that way back, when we were addressing this issue and we talked about intra-quarter swings, we said intra-quarter swings were roughly $200 million $300 million. I think that trend, if you model that to the elevated cash balance we are, you could probably come up with a reasonable level. But we haven't gone back to look at that in any great detail.
Frank Mergenthaler: I mean, continental Europe was down a little bit this year and so it's probably flat to slightly up, Craig.
