Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. On the first question, Ben, I mean, I can speak to it without obviously going to the level of a specific client, given how we want to be thoughtful. But what we have seen is that the sector is under a lot of stress. If you think about it, it was probably 15% of net revenue for us a year ago in this quarter, it's down to about 12, right. And I don't think that we're going to be able to call the turn, although in the long run I think it is still an industry that's going to return to being a strong growth driver for us. What we've seen is that given the stress that that sector is feeling and obviously see it, we're talking about a relatively small group of large companies, right.  We're not talking about long tail or VC backed or smaller companies, we're talking about a relatively small group of large companies. And as the decisions that they are having to make around cutting costs and obviously, resizing their employee base, etc. we have definitely seen it in cuts, I would say in project based businesses, definitely. And, our two digital agencies that as we've pointed out, are in turnaround mode, over indexed to those are important clients for them. And then I think we've seen the kind of curtailing activities in some of the more traditional areas of the business. So you would sort of think maybe the consumer ad agencies for us, which I think also does dovetail with a broader trend that we've seen, which is that whether it's the turnaround there or the slightly more uncertain macro, is something that we are feeling more in certain areas of the business than others. So the really strong performers in the engines of our growth are not being impacted. And yet other parts of the portfolio are. So hopefully that helps on the tech, part of the question.  In terms of AI, it's a very, very broad question, right. And so, we're operationalizing AI across the group in a number of ways and actually have been for some time, right. So predictive AI, in precision and data, heavy parts of the business. So whether that's media brands, performance media, Acxiom, that's something that's been part of the model for some time. I think that in commerce we're starting to use it so you're seeing personalization at scale of content informed by it, you're seeing user support and product recommendations, so chat bots and creating instances in which you're using reviews and a lot of the information that a client has, that is their own information as the training set with which to inform an AI which can then be put to use with a production platform or that can feed into some creative campaign.  It's funny, we won a Lion at Cannes for a really interesting piece of work that we did with a with a very large baked goods company in Latin America, to actually generate a lot of a lot of branding work for very long tail of vendors that were important to them. I think what you're going to see with us is we're definitely leaning now into what are the applications and how are we going to be addressing this, on the content creation side of things, and in the strategic side of when and how we do content creation. And what you'll see is the kinds of programs that I'm talking about, that we've been working on for some time, and now partnerships with some scale experts in the AI space. I think I noted a number of them where we're thinking about how do we incorporate that into everything about kind of how we are going to market with clients. So in essence, our production capabilities, so the infrastructure piece of what we do, what we do that's more advanced, which again I also spoke to in the prepared remarks when it comes to the work that's predictive and machine learning informed around data, media, performance media. So I think we're going to be incorporating it in, sort of baking it into more and more of the tool sets that our folks have.  And I think the last thing I would point out to you is that, I mentioned earlier that if everybody has the same tools, then the human plus AI combination and the creativity you can unlock there will still be important to our clients. The other place that I think we are focused is that it will, if you have a very strong data asset as we do I think that working with clients and their first party data, are Acxiom data to create unique and proprietary training sets so that they can have AI's that are proprietary to them and solve specific models around marketing and business problems and growth. That's another area that we see as quite promising. 
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean, if I kind of try to strip it down for you and kind of literally almost go from the top, I'd say, as we said the puts and takes have not changed from what we've shared with you since the beginning of the year. So in that sense, I don't think there is new news. The differences are clearly pressure on tech and telco is not abating. And as we said, you've got this modestly more uncertain macro. So that is leading to delays in clients, Ben. And that's, as I said, impacting some of our businesses more than others. I think that the other thing about the uncertainty around the macro is in our long tail of smaller clients, we're seeing some small cost cuts. So there's a degree to which that’s adding up to something that, again, is having is having an impact. And so those are really the factors that led us to looking at where we are at this point in the year and revising the revenue guidance. But I think I would point out that our outlook for the year at this point is not contingent on a recovery in the rate of revenue change on those two factors. So we're not saying it's delayed some things which, for us, were important. And as we pointed out, cumulatively cost us about 3.5 percentage points of organic growth.  Going the other way, you're seeing the client losses that we called out. So we came into the year with a net negative new business position. So that was a headwind and that has actually shown up in both the first and the second quarter for us. By April, that was something that we share with you that we have neutralized. Now we've turned it into a strong tailwind. So it's the client conversations, it's incremental, it's marginal, it isn't like something dramatically different has happened, but where it's impacting us, happen to be areas where we've got two agencies in turnaround mode to the extent that this is causing delays. We therefore are looking at two things that are there for still not helping us. And then tech and telco again, big category for us in the long-term. We still think it'll be a good category to be meaningfully represented in but they are as I called, as I said, they are meaningful outlier when it comes to the sectors for us client wise.
Philippe Krakowsky: Maybe one of our peers has a meaningfully larger presence there and so I think that their line of sight to it is something that everybody will probably learn something from. You have heard from us clearly that when we work with clients and we show up with data tech and media offering we end up in some really interesting conversations that are about solving higher order business problems. And that that part of our space or that part of the opportunity set that we're getting are looking at our new business performance, that part looks like it's still quite active. Commerce is a place where we're still in build mode to a greater degree. So we probably see less of that. I think there's a more to go, RafterOne, we've got Commerce lead as we've talked, we're thinking about how we take a commerce approach actually, those Commerce Labs are around really enhancing all the creative work we do to make it more addressable and more shoppable. So I'd say marginally, but, I think that what we heard earlier this week probably has a little more breadth to it in terms of what they're seeing. 
Philippe Krakowsky: I'm not sure that that's necessarily something that is all that new. I mean, I think that if you think about sort of the trajectory, industry trajectory, at least, I can speak for hours. So lean in there and what we've built there, and the nature of what we're able to do with clients, as a result, has been accretive to us growth wise and in terms of margin for a number of years. And it's been a big engine for us, over a number of years of very strong growth performance. So I think that that's just a continuation of a trend, I think it goes to what you can do when with data audience led approach is something that's very precise and very accountable. You are impacting business outcomes, you are solving for a set of problems that are maybe broader than what we used to be able to be brought in to do. I think that, that probably again feels as if given the uncertainty, but given also just the scale of it, it's something that you continue to do as a marketer. And regardless of whatever volatility there may be at the macro level.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. On the former again, understanding that client’s business and confidentiality around client business is what it is. Yeah, I think your read on is that more a tech than a telco set of comments? Yes, it is. And it is the case that we talk about sectors globally. But when you think about our revenue mix all in being two thirds U.S. it would have -- there would have to be a pretty significant outlier for it not to also apply domestically. So we're definitely seeing it. I mean, you see the disproportionate drag on performance that U.S. growth or lack thereof had on us. So yes, more tech, and yes, very much something we're feeling domestically.  On the second question, I don't think that I would read that as you have. The segment was created, because we have like entities there -- the digital component of what they do, but the impact of those digital specialists is was leading to what you're seeing as deceleration. And, as we've called out, media is very strong for us, has been and given performance year-to-date in terms of securing new assignments will continue to be. So I don't think I would extrapolate that last piece. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Two answers, Michael. So as I said, I don't know that we can call the turn on you on tech. And as I also said, our outlook at this point is not contingent on recovery in kind of the rate of revenue change that we're seeing in that space, and that was also having an impact, as we said on our two digital agencies that are in turnaround mode. So, not necessarily something that you can sit here. Where we are we talked to those clients often, we engage with those clients. It's not that they're not active as marketers, and yet they clearly are meaningfully more cautious as marketers, they're often letting folks go who are budget owners, whose projects then might sit somewhere or not get actioned at all. And given the cost cutting that they're taking, nobody is exempt in that part of the economy. But again, think about all the other things we talked about, they're going to enable everything that happens with AI. They continue to undergird pretty significant part of the ad ecosystem and in another year or two, we're going to be up to 80% of media being bought programmatically. So, there's no sense that it won't turn, it is just they're clearly going through something that is more protracted than any of us thought.  On your media question, I thought about it some because you'd asked the last time and I thought Michael will either connect at some point or it'll come up here. So, media has been a very strong performer for us and continues to be a strong performer for us. So our model works well. And the question you're asking is, is there something missing, a dimension missing, can it work better? So we are looking at that. And, even Ellen called out severance, we're looking at how we can reengineer processes there and align or further integrate offerings. But if the objective is to deliver value to clients, and we've demonstrated we can do that, and the way that we've done that is by powering it with data, making it about precision, and therefore to my mind, value as greater marketing effectiveness.  So for clients whose focus is on other KPIs, which might be efficiency, might be we'll call it efficiency. We're looking at ways to evolve our offering to meet those needs. Because what's most important to us is we got to meet the needs of as many clients as possible. And if what value means is something that is changing or evolving or a pendulum is swinging on that, we clearly want to be positioned to do that. So the analytical focus that happens in your space on this issue, we understand. For us, it's going to be are we solving for client needs, can we show up in ways that regardless of their definition of value we are a great partner for them. If I were doing the math the way that you guys do, the thing that I still think will matter the most is profit growth in the businesses that we are, our competitors are operating in this space and then cash flow. And I hope that that is at least directionally helpful thinking but we're definitely looking at it and being pretty thoughtful.
Philippe Krakowsky: I'll take them in order, because the latter is probably a doctoral dissertation. So, as I said, we are no longer expecting the turnaround as you put it, right. So our outlook as it stands now does not factor in either significant recovery in tech and telco and clearly, the timeline on the digital specialty agencies, given this greater uncertainty is pushed. So how the year lays out for us in terms of, to your point doing 3.5 plus, in the back half, 3.5 to 4 is the drag from tech telco and digital becomes given so it's not going to receive it mid-year, it will likely be with us for most of the year. The negative net new business position that we had coming into 2023 impacted the first half, will not impact beyond that and has now been turned around and is now a strong positive. So if you look at the second half, and then in the first half, we had, strength of media and healthcare. So if you look at the second half, the growth is roughly 50% from net new business that comes on stream and 50% from stronger underlying performance at those two large entities. And our new business all those wins bring a significant plus up, but we have not assumed all of it at one go. We have assumed essentially that full run rate for all of those is not in effect until close to the end of the year, which is why we pointed out that clearly it'll have a benefit for us in 2024. So there's a very significant full run rate number, but we're not forecasting that full run rate until late in the year.  And then on media and healthcare, I think our view reflects, Ellen talked about timing on work and campaigns. And then on the media side, I would say business mix and seasonality. So hopefully that helps you understand how we are seeing what that 3.5 to 4 for the back half looks like. On the AI question, which as I said, I think merits a lot of conversation. And you know, it is getting a lot of thought, it is early days in the application of it on the creative and content creation side of things. I do think that when you begin to see what's possible, given the volume of content that can be created, then it isn't necessarily the case that one is going to replace the other, it's that you're going to be supplementing because you're going to be creating much more and much more complex sort of ecosystems of content.  And then the other thing that we've seen in the businesses where we've already applied machine learning in AI, such as data and media, is that as you're able to bring solutions that are informed by this to clients, the nature of the opportunity with them evolves. And so you're brought in to do different things. So you can take some of that young digital talent and upskill it or you can have them focus on areas of client business and strategic problems that are more strategic, that are higher value. So I don't know that it will be as you know, as clear as what you laid out there. I think, we've been all along the efficiency piece of this will be important, the new ways of being compensated will be important. But for at least the foreseeable future, we're figuring out what it means relative to the very sort of direct, for instance, that you put out there. But instead it's a concern or at least an issue that we're all thinking to address. I don't have an answer for you sitting here right now.
Philippe Krakowsky: No, those are important questions. We appreciate them. Thank you for the time. We look forward to updating you on progress in October and we'll get to it.
