Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I think what we're seeing is consistent with what we shared with you back in February, right? So I think within tech and telco, it comes down to individual decision-making by actually a fairly tight number of clients or a handful of clients that's specific to either facts and circumstances in their business or clearly, the degree to which that sector is being impacted. And then in terms of how we are thinking about and kind of how the year phases, it's definitely the case that we think that the bulk of what we've indicated to you, so both the sector and tech and telco, I think, is probably about a 2% drag on organic growth at the worldwide level in Q1. So whether it's that or whether it's what's happening within those two kind of leading edge digital agencies in the portfolio that, that will cycle off starting the beginning of Q3.
Philippe Krakowsky: That's a fair question. I think it's clearly in the nature of their offerings, where you have a lot more innovation hanging, sort of taking place. And so I think that whether it is -- it's funny because if you really think about it, we're really seeing the macro in very specific in few and specific places. So we've seen it impact tech. And then clearly, these are agencies that are probably -- have greater exposure to that sector than other parts of the portfolio. But I think what you've got there is you've got 2 entities with premium positioning. The field has become somewhat more crowded. And then the timing in terms of when they were hitting a cycle at which there needed to be a reinvention, happens to be as we're going through this period where there is some uncertainty. So the thinking is to get them more focused. As I mentioned, you did see news of a leadership change at R/GA. Huge is further along in terms of what the next value proposition is going to be for them. And essentially, it's going to market with more of a consultative model, where it's less people and hours and more of a product and solutions approach. So that's in market now. And then, I don't think that it's an issue that's sort of intrinsic to this space. So we do expect them to get back to being growth drivers for us. I think, to be a growth leader, you increasingly -- no matter where you sit in the portfolio, you have to be linked into the data stack into what we're doing around precision and accountability. But both of them, I think, have that predisposition, given the nature of what they do. As we've been clear as well, I think that some of those losses, again, where we saw that impact us or begin to impact us, we see that falling off as we start the second half of the year.
Philippe Krakowsky: When we say tech and telco, we're talking about the client sector. So that 2% does impact other parts of the portfolio. And that is the organic -- the drag to organic growth is that client sector. If we were to quantify the digital specialists and their impact on Q1 to us, I think either in the U.S. or globally, that was very marginally north of 1%. And there's some overlap there. So both of those combined probably cost us a hair under 3% of organic revenue. Hopefully, that helps.
Philippe Krakowsky: I'll start, and then I'll pass it over to Ellen. I think what you do see is you see where we've been taking a very large business over time. We've been evolving it. We do have disparate results across the portfolio. And so yes, we're definitely hiring because within the number, you've got the business [as will] segment. We talked about the growth we're seeing, strong growth with Media brands, with media and data-informed solutions at healthcare, so you're seeing that. And then obviously, you're seeing the places in the business that we've called out for you, where we've got some challenges and some, which are probably anywhere in between those.  And in terms of margins, I'll just start by talking about the fact that we've been clear with you all about the degree to which the model does flex. And the fact that we're very focused on and very disciplined about all of the levers and all the component parts, that help us ensure that we're on top of that. And I think I'll ask Ellen to then just fill in the specific pieces underneath that.
Philippe Krakowsky: It's interesting because in my comments, I talked about the degree to which we might be at a moment in time when efficiency is perhaps trumping effectiveness and there had really been a focus and it has clearly worked in our favor for a number of years now to solutions, where that data layer and the ability to be really, really precise and be smarter in terms of how you put that investment to work. It's clearly a fair question, and it's something that we will look at because we want to be able to operate in as many modes as possible in order, to your point, to take advantage of whatever at a secular level the marketplace tells us is working, right? So our model has worked well for us, to your point. Something seems to be out there that indicates that you want to be looking at different modalities, and that's something that we're leaning into.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I'm not sure in what order. So perhaps I'll start with the first and the last and then pass the question in the middle to Ellen. Acxiom is growing. Acxiom is, I think, different than the data asset that exists within one of our competitors because at least my understanding is that there's a media component to that. Whereas for us, Acxiom is a first-party data management business and -- where we plug it into -- and it works closely with others of our agency businesses. We then see more attractive growth within those businesses. So to the extent that Media is our strongest performer, and one can assume that it's growing well ahead of the overall number for us. We're seeing Acxiom fuel strong results. It's core business, where it sells these very large software engagements to handle first-party data for clients, those are multiyear contracts, those take a while to sell in. And that is, to our mind, always going to be a business that has probably mid to slightly below mid-single-digit growth. That's really not the purpose of it. It is the engine on which we drive a lot of the others. And then in terms of your question about clients, I think it's quite consistent with what we shared with you the last time we spoke. So I think that at the time, we did say that there was a sense at that point, a palpable sense that there had been more of a caution or that clients were looking for a level of flexibility and contingency planning. But I don't think that there's really been a change since that time as we go into this point in the year. And I think the thing that I would also sort of point out, if you try to dimensionalize the macro, is we take you through the client sectors. You can assume that those are probably in the order of the growth at which they're coming in, and we said 6 of the 8 sectors were growing. And I guess if you wanted sort of further quantification, you've got three of them at the top end that are growing north of 5% and 3 that are growing 3% to 5%. And so the tech and telco is clearly the drain on us, but I don't think we're seeing a macro that is dramatically different than what we shared with you when we last spoke.
Philippe Krakowsky: I don't think we're unique on the latter question. So obviously, when you think about a lot of the modeling work and the analytics work that is taking place in our Data business, in our Media business, as we mentioned on the prepared remarks, increasingly, where our Health business is also incorporating that, we've been using machine learning for some time there. And so I think there continue to be opportunities there. I think that the commerce space for us is still opportunity. There's a great deal that we can do there. And you saw us, towards the end of the year last year, make an acquisition in that space. You saw us add a leader for that space at the holding company level. So I think that in a number of areas, it's going to enhance the nature of the services that we provide to clients. And then that I think the question or the challenge is how do you incorporate it into your processes and then how do you enhance what you're doing on the creative side of things by perhaps reinvesting some of the dollars it frees up because it will, doubtless, make it possible to do some of the things that we're doing inside of the creative agencies differently, faster, perhaps more efficiently. And then on the new business question, that would be a tough one because as I said, the real opportunities in the places where we're seeing new business come up is either in media, in large integrated opportunities, where data and media are important components of our offering. But I don't think that we are going to start breaking down the new business at the agency level because I'd rather people spend time actually with clients and focused on growth than sort of that level of performance kind of granularity, back to you guys. But it's not -- the falloff there, the fact that it ends up and we begin to cycle off of that in the third quarter, what is cycling on, we've had wins in integrated consumer advertising, work in financial services, in auto and then we've had wins in media, also in financial services and in pharma. But what's coming in and what's going out isn't necessarily the same.
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean as I said, we went into the year net new business with a headwind. And at this point, we have managed to retire that. And all -- and the wins will start coming on stream shortly but definitively and stronger in the back half.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Retail Media, definitely a high-growth medium. I think it has any number of benefits, whether it's that it's closer to where purchases are being made or that it gives our clients a different tool so that they're not as reliant on either the advertising technology ecosystem or so that they're getting a different first-party data set with which to enhance their own first-party data. So we continue to see that as an area that has a lot of growth to it. And as I mentioned, we've got a retail media marketplace business inside of Mediabrands at Reprise, but we are also doing quite a bit of the work that surrounds retail media at a number of our agencies like at MRM, obviously, RafterOne, which was the acquisition. And I think it is a place where we continue to look. So whether it's performance media, whether it's commerce, retail media, those are clearly places where we will continue to look at and for M&A. And then the individual we brought across from Accenture has been spending a lot of time on the ground with operators and thinking about how to align or connect the various component parts we've got across the holding company. We've got shopper marketing businesses. Shoppable commerce happens in the PR space. Clearly, media is a part of it. So that's definitely a place where we believe there's a lot of opportunity.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, again, thank you. We appreciate the time. I think I'd say that while results in Q1 are consistent with, as we said to you, our internal forecast and we believe ourselves to be on track, I'll just repeat something I said a bit earlier, they're not consistent with our long-term track record of growth or what we're expecting ourselves. So that's clearly the focus here. Thank you.
Ellen Johnson: Maybe I'll start with your last question first. No, we do not plan on any more restructuring and then working backwards in inflation. So the vast majority of our clients and -- contracts do have clauses that allow us to come to the table and have discussions with our clients. But it's not [automatic], and it's a discussion. And our main objective with our clients, in addition to make sure that we get fairly paid for our services, is really to grow our share a lot with them. So it's a conversation but as we've said previously, it hasn't been a large part of our growth to date or in our forecast. Really, it's more organic growth with existing clients and our net new business wins. With our -- we're very comfortable with our margin targets for the year. If you look at it, when you look at base salaries, you're comparing it to a year ago, when growth was so strong and our headcount was lagging that growth. You'll also see higher return-to-office expenses in our numbers this year with T&E and meetings. But that said, you see us using our variable cost structure and flexing it. You see temp help down, performance-based comp is also lower. So we remain very confident in our margin target for the year.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Interest income was higher, but that's really due to the rising interest environments that we're in and the amount of return we're able to earn on our cash balances, which we actively manage. So really, it's a factor of where interest rates go, but there is nothing that I would highlight other than that.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. I would just point out that we have extended our margin 260 basis points over the last several years. So we really have a good sense on how to do this. You did see that severance was elevated in the quarter. And as Philippe pointed out, we are hiring where we have growth, but we're also adjusting the business in places that we do both for either rightsizing or upscaling talent. We expect that will continue in Q2, but we'll see the savings from that as we move forward through the year. As you mentioned, we are seeing the savings from the real estate actions as well, as well as using temp help as we should as a lever. So I think all of those things together keep us -- make us feel good about our margin targets for the year and our ability to expand them, going forward.
Ellen Johnson: So our -- is truly pass-through expense. And the reason we do net accounting is because there is not a margin in those billable expenses. So it just varies, based upon how our clients are spending, and that's the variability.
Ellen Johnson: And going to staff cost ratios, we're starting the year in our seasonally smallest quarter. So staff cost ratios in this quarter are typically high. It is something we have a track record of managing very effectively. We never get ahead of revenue growth in our hiring. And as you've seen, we use temporary labor as a good lever in that as well. And then I've also pointed out that severance is high and will be in this first half of the year, and we do expect to see savings from that in the back half of the year as well.
