Michael Roth: That's a fair question, Alexia. I thought I'd try to address some of it. But let me sort of take it through from the top. In many of these calls, you'll hear us talk about our top 20 clients. And with these top 20 clients, I’ve very proudly said that we've experienced unusually high growth versus our overall performance from these top 20 clients. And at some point, it was double what we've reported. Sometimes, I actually gave out the number, which I shouldn't have. I will tell you that for this quarter, particularly, our top 20 clients remain pretty much in line with our overall results. That's what gives us some comfort with respect to the line of sight we see in the second half. These clients are in the financial position to invest in their media dollars and their advertising spend. And frankly, they have to in the second half to maintain market share and grow their businesses. So, that will be a primary focus for our people to get those top 20 clients performing the way they have in the past. The second item, these digital projects, what's happened to our businesses, clearly, a lot of it is project based, as you point out. And what's interesting is our digital products are becoming much larger in scope. So, what you see is projects that are inherently choppy because project business is exactly what it is. It's projects. And because they are larger in scope, when these projects run off, if you don't have large projects to offset that, it gives us a much more choppy result on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So, what we see is, in the second quarter, we were missing some of these large projects to replace the ones that have run off. But we do see line of sight in terms of our pipeline where we believe our digital agencies and, frankly, our other agencies should be able to capitalize in the second half. The one that’s notable is our PR business. We said – the project business on the PR side for the second quarter was negative at Weber Shandwick. This is an anomaly. And we believe that, for the second half, we'll see a pickup in the PR business on the project side business. The other thing to focus on was our sectors. Tech and telecom, which has historically been a good driver for us, was down in the second quarter. We were cycling through a particular client loss, Sprint. But it is 20% of our overall mix and we do see some recovery in the second half in tech and telecom. And the other part of it is, as I indicated, Mediabrands continues to provide good growth and high margins for us, given the fact that they're highly competitive in the marketplace and their clients are in the right sectors in terms of growth opportunity. And McCann had a solid result in the second quarter, which, obviously, is a big portion of our overall revenue. On your question of the overall economy, we believe that the US economy is fine. There’s some questions and maybe some clients are holding back, but we do believe that what we do actually works in the marketplace and clients have to spend in order to drive their business results. So, that's where we see the visibility in the second half of the year. This is not 2008 or anything like that. And again, some of our results are particularly relevant to particular clients. So, for example, the weakness that we saw in Continental Europe related to the Ceat [ph] loss that we had and which we're flowing through that. So, some of it is client specific. And that's why I say we're addressing our major clients and see opportunities in the second half. I'm not belittling the comments about the consumer goods environment. There's no question that that had an impact in the second quarter on our results. Candidly, I don't know when I’m supposed to say this, but it had about almost a 1%, about 0.8% impact on our revenue growth in the consumer goods side of the business. There too, we think that our clients are overreacting, frankly, in their cuts. And, in fact, you’ve seen some of our clients officially say that they’ll be spending stronger in the second half of the year. So, when you put all that together, that's why we're maintaining the 3% to 4%, albeit on the lower end of the scale. What's also important is we have extreme focus on our ability to deliver on the margin because that, as you know, we have a variable cost structure and we've already started actions to bring our expense line in line with the revenue.
Michael Roth: Yeah, we don't see a big recovery in continental Europe. Look, over 60% of our revenue is in the US. So, even though, our industry is seeing some softness in the US, we had 1.7%, if you exclude the pass-throughs, organic growth in the second quarter, and we had, what, 1.8% in the first half in the US. So, we need stronger growth in the second half, but we're not starting from a zero base in the US. Frankly, some of our peers are. So, obviously, we believe our US business is very solid and something we believe should turnaround a bit, particularly on the project side of the business in the second half.
Michael Roth: Well, I don't see us – the effect of the merger is really having an impact. I don't think we've really seen that take place. Candidly, on tech and telecom, we're still cycling through the loss of Sprint at Deutsche. We did have a pull back on some of our project-based clients in the tech and telecom space. We do see a line of sight that, with respect to those clients, we think we'll see a recovery in the second half, as well as some of our other tech and telecom. That's an important sector for us. We have very good solid client base there and that's where I think we'll see additional spending in the second half.
Michael Roth: Well, look, I think it's a pullback in China – I think everyone is seeing a pullback in China. In Latin America, Brazil affected us to a larger extent. As Frank said, we had really positive results in Mexico and Argentina, Chile and other. So, that basically netted out to being flat in Latin America. Previously, we've been up 15% in Latin America. So, I think we're seeing Brazil affect us more dramatically in those markets. And again, in Continental Europe, as I said, we had some client losses that reflected that. So, no, I don't see that. Look, the UK, if you exclude pass-throughs, up 3.2%, something around that. So, we see a solid business in the UK. We're not counting on a big recovery in continental Europe. India, we saw growth. Australia, we saw growth. So, there are growth markets on the international side. And we're adversely affected by some of our losses and some just general economic environments. But it's not similar to – the US isn’t similar to those markets.
Michael Roth: Yeah. As the teams came through mid-year reviews over the past couple of weeks, the message was, if revenue was a bit softer than expected, we would expect to see actions to defend the margin targets for the year. And we were pleasantly surprised, a number of the agencies have already started to put those actions in place. And mostly, it's around headcount.
Michael Roth: Well, we don't give out monthly guidance. We'll stick to that. Look, we were disappointed in June. We – up through May, we were – obviously, we saw that there was softening on the revenue side and we were hoping to see June come in as we always do on a strong basis. And that we did not see. And that gives rise to the question of what are we seeing, and that's why whole conversation we've been having on project basis. We did a deep dive on that. And that's where you see the impact of project-based businesses, and especially where you see run-offs of large projects and without a large project replacing it immediately. Our clients don't take into consideration the timing of our wins and losses and projects. So, we had a disappointing June. And that's what gave rise to it. But all of that is taken into consideration when we do our business planning for the rest of the year, and that's why we're saying what we are in terms of the organic 3% to 4% and 50 basis points. On the question of allocation, one particular client indicated that, the media spend, they are going to increase in the second half of the year, I think clients look at their allocation in media just like they do any other investment, and that is where do they get their best book in terms of allocating their dollars. And frankly, that's good for us because it gives us a whole varied opportunity on where clients should put their money, where do they get the best dollars, and how can we help them optimize those spends. Obviously, digital continues to be an important part of that and what content goes with the digital. So, I think it argues in favor of our integrated offering where we can look at these spending habits, if you will, and provide higher ROI with less spend on the media dollars But, clearly, clients – what we do actually works. And that's why I believe, on the CPG side, our clients are going to have to spend dollars to maintain market share and we're going to be working very closely with our clients to really look at the question you're asking and say where do you get your better bang for your buck. And frankly, every time we're in front of a client, that's a good thing because we have the tools and resources to do that. And I think there's a lot of pressures on our clients in terms of bottom line, but if they're not selling their products, they can watch their costs all they want, but they're going to have to ultimately sell those products. So, that's really where we earn our keep. And I think that's how we're looking at media spend.
Michael Roth: Well, it's both. So, here's what we do. And I think it's worth explaining. What we do is we have our mid-year reviews. And all of our agents come in and they take a look at their existing pipeline, their opportunities, potential projects that they have, and all of our agencies do have a piece of their business that they don't have as clear line of sight, but historically, because of the nature of their clients and so on, they expect to receive those type of projects. So, it's a combination of knowledge that the clients will be doing this and that’s in their numbers. It's opportunities where they believe they can create revenue with clients because they have ideas or they were already working with clients and, frankly, some of these you haven't sold through yet to the clients. And the other one is, they have six months to generate, what we call, to-be-generated and those numbers overall are reasonable, given where we are and where our clients are. So, this isn't just the number we say we have to achieve, which I think is the gist of your question. We have to achieve 3% to 4%, therefore you have to generate this amount of money. Our business units come in with their business insights and where they think their business is. It's not that we come in and tell them this is the number you have to get. Obviously, if they're very low, we have a healthy conversation on where they can seek opportunities to raise it, but that's normal business, and that's true every year. So, it's a little more, I’ll call it, sophisticated or it's not an exact science where our business units know their clients and conversations that they have with them are pending.
Michael Roth: Yeah. No, that’s a great question. First, let me answer the financial services. We are cycling through USAA, which was a client loss, and that had a big impact on the results for financial services. We also lost TD Bank. So, those two had a negative impact on financial services. Our other financial service clients continue to be fine. We actually had a meeting yesterday with a big client of ours. And the whole question that you just raised was relevant and we had a good discussion of it in terms of – and they asked the same question you had, and that is, there are challenge brands, there are private labels, there are all these different startups out there that are coming after us. And frankly, that's the kind of conversations we are having with our clients, and that is how can we take on those type of challenges in the marketplace and what resources do we have that can help them do that. And that's where you look at the data stack. That's where you look at consumer insights. That is where we can help our clients target not just specific individuals, but entire audiences and how can we pick those audiences and really take long-standing brands that have relationships with clients and add value to what they're offerings could be. And frankly, that's the best way to use our services it's going to be around for a long time. So, yeah, of course, we're pitching these new startups and, yes, we're picking them up as clients, but the clients that are the big CPG clients are dealing with this. And the only way to deal with it is to focus on their brands and give permission, if you will, for these brands to get back in favor with the consumers. And there a lot of insights here that our data and analytics group can provide. And what's interesting is that this data and analytics is providing insights on the creative, not just on finding the consumer. In other words, what are they looking for? What conversation should they be having about the brand that is an aha moment with that consumer? In other words, what is it about the brand that they’ve been using for ten years? And now all of a sudden, if it's just price, how can we show that the value of the brand is stronger? So, all that stuff actually helps us because, when we have these conversations with these clients, we can really make a difference in terms of the insights. So, it's a relevant question. It's going on probably every day with all of our clients in those spaces in terms of how do you deal with it and who is going to help them solve that other than our resources and tools where we can provide those insights, and not only have insights, but bring in the creative ideas that work with those insights to bring those customers either back or maintain those customers in this crazy market that we're in. So, yes, it's a conversation that we're having every day. And I think, at the end of our meeting yesterday, the client walked away saying that this is really helpful to us because this is what we're looking for in terms of how we fight back.
Michael Roth: Look, this whole overhang of disintermediation in our business and whether these dollars are going directly to these providers, and the answer is, in some cases, the answer is yes. In other cases, I think clients are realizing they're not getting the agnostic view of the analytics. They're not getting the agnostic view of what else is there out there that maybe can provide better value for those dollars. And they come back to us and say, all right, you tell us how you add value to this. But, yeah, there's no question that those – even though we work very closely with those companies in terms of placing media dollars, they would prefer, in many cases, to go directly to our clients, but our clients realize that they're not getting the agnostic view, and especially given what's happened this past year in terms of transparency, in terms of safety of the brand. There are a whole bunch of issues that have caused clients sort of to come back to us and say, what's your view here and how you can help us. But it's a battle we have.
Frank Mergenthaler: John, I think that, as Michael pointed out, it's critical for us to grow our existing book of business, especially around the top 20. So, growth is important.
Frank Mergenthaler: Let me add to that. Frankly, we're net new business positive. Not a lot, but we're net new business positive. I hope in the next couple of weeks, we'll be announcing some nice wins, whether it be in the media side or on the creative side. So, we hope to see that – that doesn't necessarily mean that we're going to see the revenue impact in the second half of the year. But it goes to the issue of our business units and how competitive they are. What you're not asking me, which is a relevant question, is if we don't reach the 3% to 4% organic growth, can we still reach our target of 50 basis points. I know you had that question, John, right? You're just sort of being kind. I do believe that if we missed the 3%, we should be able to expand margin to achieve our 50 basis points. Obviously, we can't miss it by a lot, okay? So, everyone in the room can relax. But I do believe that we have some room in there that if we miss that organic number, there's an opportunity to continue to meet our targets.
Frank Mergenthaler: Peter, this isn't a new phenomenon, right? Clients have been looking for their ROI spend on their marketing dollars for as long as we've been around, right? And the more data that’s out there and analytics are out there to show the return on those investments, the better it puts – the better stead it would put for us.
