Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2011. As always, I'll provide an overview, hand it off to Frank for an in-depth look at the results, then I'll return with some commentary on the agencies before we turn the call over for Q&A.  As you've seen in our report this morning, Q2 organic revenue was 4.7%. Our operating profit in the quarter was $174 million compared to $177 million a year ago, and operating margin was 10% compared to 11% in Q2 '10. Diluted earnings per share were $0.19, ahead of last year's $0.15 a share. Because 2010 was a very strong growth year for us, our comps are quite challenging, and that accounts in part for the moderation in our overall growth rates.  The second quarter organic revenue result of 4.7% is on top of last year's industry-leading Q2 result of 8.5%. Likewise, in the U.S., our second quarter organic growth was 4.2% on top of 13.6% growth in the second quarter of 2010. Two events hurt our U.S. organic revenue growth by 2.5% in the quarter. The loss of an account in the auto sector last year, as well as the winding down of the census work this year.  We're pleased to see international organic growth of 5.5%. From a sector perspective, growth was led by clients in the health and personal care and auto industries. And while worldwide revenue grew in June, the largest month in the quarter outside North America, June revenue was not as strong as we had anticipated.  Turning to cost. Our results reflect the fact they were comping against the first half of 2010 that saw strong revenue gains but low expense growth. At the same time, we continued to make investments in payroll during the quarter to support growth in areas of our business, notably in the areas of digital, strategic insights and creative capabilities. We are confident that continued disciplined investment in the quality of our people and our offerings will support the resumption of strong margin growth in the second half of this year. This long-standing commitment to investing in our talent has been a major driver in the success of our turnaround to date.  In fact, we just completed our midyear operating reviews with all our major business units, and the tone of the business is strong, notwithstanding the June monthly result. Given our first half organic revenue growth of 6.8%, which is fully competitive with our peer group, combined with what we're hearing from our clients and from our agency leadership, we remain confident that we will achieve our organic growth target of 4% to 5% for the full year. Clients remain focused on growth, and are looking to us for help in maximizing the value they can drive with their brands.  The consumer and media landscape remains extremely complex and the importance of marketing will only continue to increase. There's also beginning to be a pickup in new business activity, notably in the media arena. During the second quarter, our cost and revenue fell out of step, but we see this as an interim result, and all of our operating units will be highly focused on margin enhancement during the back half of 2011. This is why we are also continue to believe we will deliver at least 9.5% operating margin for this year. Our goal of sustained margin expansion to fully competitive profitability within the next few years, which we set out in detail at our Investor Day remains unchanged.  Before closing, I want to update you on other key developments that have taken place since our last call, which demonstrates confidence in the long-term prospects of our company. During the second quarter, we were pleased to receive upgrades from both Moody's and S&P. Moody's took us up 2 notches to investment grade where Fitch already had us. S&P upgraded IPG to 1 notch below investment grade. These actions further validate the great progress we've made in terms of the financial strength and performance of our company.  In terms of share repurchase program, the second quarter was the first full quarter under the authorization granted by our board in late February, and we repurchased approximately 11 million common shares using approximately $130 million during the quarter. That brings us to 12 million shares and $139 million since the inception of the program. This activity underscores that we believe that IPG represents a long-term opportunity for significant value creation and are, therefore, moving to deploy our capital to increase returns for our shareholders.  At this point, let me turn things over to Frank for an in-depth review of the quarter and the year-to-date.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. In reviewing the quarter and the year-to-date, there are number of themes that emerge. The strength of our professional offerings remains evident in our 6.8% first half organic revenue growth that is near the top of our peer group, even though we were facing the toughest comps in our sector and slower-than-expected growth in June.  Also for the first 6 months, all geographic world regions posted organic revenue growth, as did all of our major global networks. The competitiveness of our offering can be seen across the board. You have only to look at how effectively our media agencies go to market, whether it's in the global pitches or against specialist agencies for digital assignments. Mediabrands' new emerging lab in New York and their new global cluster organization will make them even more attractive to forward-thinking marketers. The Draftfcb-integrated model has contributed to making it among the strongest topline contributors from our portfolio. The agency has been successfully upgrading its top creative talent in a number of key markets and a global management team that's highly disciplined and proven when it comes to delivering results.  We're seeing CMG continue to take share from the competition particularly in the PR space, where Weber Shandwick is a dominant player, building exceptional social media expertise and with the recent agency redesign at GolinHarris is defining the PR agency model for the future. Strong collaboration at Octagon, Jack Morton and FutureBrand is also part of the CMG success story.  We're also seeing strong revenue growth in international expansion at R/GA, HUGE and McCann's MRM. Our U.S. Independence continued to perform well, led by the Martin Agency, Hill Holliday and Mullen and Lowe keeps on delivering for its largest multi-national clients and winning new assignments from them. At McCann, we're pleased to see more senior-level executives joining the organization. There continues to be an influx of people in the creative area, in account leadership roles and among its market leaders. This type of investment in reinvigorating the Worldgroup will allow us to leverage its unrivaled roster of multinational clients. The key for us in the case of both McCann, and of the organization as a whole, will be to bring a high degree of focus for the remainder of this year to balancing investment and return.  Though our profitability at midyear is ahead of where we were at this time in 2010, we are seeing signs that cost are out of step with revenue. We're aware of the focus that is required on margin enhancement. And in recent years, we have shown that we can successfully manage to margin targets. And as we've indicated in the past, this is a seasonal business and we managed to the full year. And looking forward to the rest of the year, we clearly have the right offerings and people to compete effectively in the marketplace.  We remain confident that we will achieve our 4% to 5% organic revenue growth objective for the year and at least 9.5% operating margin, which is consistent with the long-term plan for the business that we shared at Investor Day. This level of performance, combined with targeted strategic M&A activity and a return of capital to our owners, will allow us to continue to deliver significant shareholder value appreciation. I thank you, and let's open the floor for questions.
Michael Roth: Let me just comment on the tone because it's a relevant answer to your question overall. And we do see this as interim, particularly as Frank pointed out in Brazil, we view that particularly in the package goods side, which accounted for the softness in that area as a timing issue in Brazil, as well as 1 or 2 clients that we were expecting some greater revenue had some pullback in terms of government controls and so on. So we view this as a timing issue, which will make up in the back half of the year. But overall, the tone of the business continues to be solid. And frankly, obviously, there's an overhang, if you will, in terms of what's happening in Washington and in terms of the world economic platform. But I've been meeting with a number of our clients, and the leadership indicate that even in this uncertainty, they still believe they have to invest behind their brands, which is why we believe for the rest of the year, we'll be able to deliver the results that we said we can.
Michael Roth: Well, as we indicated, we've seen growth across all our global networks, okay. And again, we can't answer questions on a quarterly basis. All I can tell you is that we know from the pipeline that there's revenue in the second half of the year. To be frank, whether it comes in, in the third quarter or fourth quarter, I can't comment on it. Obviously, we saw a miss, if you will, in this quarter. But we're confident for the full year that it will happen. With respect to McCann, we know there are a couple of wins in the pipeline that we can't announce yet that will add to the indication of the talent having an impact in the marketplace for McCann. So we're pleased with the direction that they are heading in, and we're confident that they will deliver according to what we think they should deliver for the full year.
Michael Roth: No, I think, remember, we manage our business to the margins, Alexia. And as we said, given the level of 4% to 5%, which we think is consistent with where we will end up, we manage our margins and when you add it all up, comes down to at least 9.5%. And so therefore, by definition, the cost will come in line with the revenue. And again, remembering the second half of the year, our comps in terms of expenses become easier than what we just went through. And Frank just went through in detail how the build up of the expenses was a mismatch to our revenue. But as we go through the year, they will fall in line with our objective.
Michael Roth: Yes, I mean, it's a great question. Let me put this whole thing in perspective for you, okay. If you just look at our operating income number, which was $174 million, if we had added $26 million of incremental revenue compared to $1.7 billion of total, we would have come in at $200 million operating income number, and all of these organic numbers and all our margin targets would've been met. So in terms of order of magnitude, compared to where we are, granted it's not where we would like to have been because of the various items we're talking about, we're talking about $26 million, okay. And that certainly within the range of an area over the next 2 quarters and the run rate that we certainly are comfortable that we'll make up. So I think it's fair to look at, and if you also look at the increase in our salary and expense line, compared to last year, for example, we were up 3.5%, but compared to the last quarter, we were up less than 1%. So it's not that all of a sudden our expenses are ramping up. It has so much to do with the comparison that we have to last year, okay. So we are on track, if you will, to achieve the numbers that we're saying we are. It just happens to be that they sell out of line in this quarter. And third quarter is, still, we're running into some issues on tracking, but we look at it on a full year basis. On your question of Tech and Telecom, it's a big sector for us. It's over 20%. So we have at least 5 or 6 pluses in Tech and Telecom, and we have a few pullbacks in Tech and Telecom. So that accounts for the fact that it was down, and obviously, the pluses we hope to continue for the rest of the year. And for example, we were cycling through a small client that was acquired through a merger, and so we see those kind of things. So it's not that we're falling out of bed here, it just happens to be that in this particular quarter, some of the pluses and minuses came out, not as we had scheduled them to fall throughout the year, the quarter if you would.
Michael Roth: We don't like to call out clients, but you know our business pretty well. Let me look at it that way. And look, again, when we gave the guidance at 4% to 5% for the overall year in terms of the revenue, then you're talking about a 3% to 4.5% organic for the second half of the year. And if you model it out, we get to at least a 9.5% margin that we're talking about, and we believe that, that's a reasonable assumption to make.
Michael Roth: I thought I went through that in terms of my other answer but I'll briefly do it again. The 2.5% that we referred to is on the revenue side. And remember, what Frank said and what I just said is, if you look at our expenses, there was a large growth last year and a slower ramping up of the expenses last year. And then in the back half of the year, we started ramping up those expenses. So our comps for the rest of the year on the expense level, since we already spent and ramped up for this year will become easier. So the combination of the revenue side and the fact that our expense levels had leveled off, okay, maybe that's another way of looking at it. But for the rest of the year, we don't expect to see that type of mismatch between revenue and expenses.
Michael Roth: Let me add to it the fact that obviously June was a bit of a surprise to us, okay. And so as you can tell, we've done a great deal of analysis into what happened here. So we have an explanation for it. We can explain it from a mathematical point of view. But the real issue is from a tone point of view, was it a dramatic falloff in our business. And the answer to that is, no. I mean, the tone of the business continues to be exactly as we stated. And I think that's the what we have to keep in mind. And you made the point that we're maniacal about watching the expenses. The answer to that is, yes, we are. And we make sure that as we go through the rest of the year, that what we just said in terms of the alignment in the expenses and the revenue coming to alignment as they should, and that's frankly what we're focused on.
Michael Roth: Yes, it's a fair point. When we say 9.5% to 10%, it's a range. And that's how we look at it. I wish this business was as predictable so that we can model, help you with your models and tell you exactly how everything is going to flow in, but it just doesn't work that way. So we always have to deal with the range. That's why we gave you 4% to 5% on the revenue side. And when we say at least 9.5%, at least means at least. It could be more, it could be at least 9.5%. So it's a range, John, and we can't be specific in it. The point is that we have modeled out. We have new hires built into our modeling. We have staff level expectations from our units. And that all takes into consideration open positions, which include the ramping up, if you will, on the digital side and everything. But of course, hopefully, we'll have some new clients that we pick up, which we have to hire again. And it may cause us to ramp up a little bit on the expense side, but that's a good thing. What we're not going to do is ramp up expenses without matching revenue that it applies to. And I think that's when you have to get concerned. If we're increasing expenses without the expectation or the fact of revenue, then we're not managing our business correctly. And so if there is any additional hiring, we have a very tight lid on the hiring, there has to be a correlation on the revenue side for us to do those hires.
Michael Roth: It's both. We have some timing issues on contracts. We have some -- basically, we know that there are projects out there that have been pushed off from one part of the year to the second half of the year. So it's a combination of that.
Michael Roth: Yes, and put it in perspective, we always said we had excess cash on our balance sheet. And the question has been, what do we do with that excess cash? The fact that we were upgraded to investment grade, freed up and increased our facility to $1 billion. That freed up our flexibility to return cash to our shareholders. So it really wasn't specifically tied to any specific cash flow event. We've consistently said we had excess cash on our balance sheet.
Michael Roth: We've always commented that would be an interesting addition to us, but the size of it and what it would add to us incrementally at this point is not exactly high on our radar in terms of use of our cash and our financial flexibility. And as far as SC Johnson, nothing new has changed since the last time we updated everyone.
Michael Roth: No, absolutely not. We've always targeted Brazil as an area where we're going to be adding -- the CUBOCC and Washington Olivetto transaction were indication, were our investments in Brazil. And we have a couple of bolt-ons that we're dealing with in Brazil. So that hasn't changed. We're continuing to expand in Brazil, invest in Brazil in both people and agencies that we think are a good fit for us. So the fact that there was a decline had to do, as I indicated, with some timing on the revenue side and a particular client that expectations on the spend had changed.
Michael Roth: Well, the days of smoothing earnings and setting up reserves and so on are -- I remember the good old days if you will, those days are pretty well behind us. Granted agencies like to lowball us in terms of the expectations. The visibility we have into our businesses now and the reporting, if you will, of the CFOs, into Frank and the meetings we have on a regular basis were operating units, it doesn't leave a lot of room for surprises in terms of smoothing or anything like that. Part of the tone, and granted, if you're managing a business, you like to have some comfort zone. And frankly, the operating of the meetings that we just had, we felt that the businesses were very confident in their numbers. And frankly, if that were true, they would've been less confident in our meetings. So that gives us the belief, as we stated, in our ability to meet our objectives.
Michael Roth: Actually the outlook is similar to -- and that's when I talk about the tone of the business. So it hasn't changed other than everyone is still raising the question of if there's an implosion in the macroeconomic side of the world, then now would have an impact on our business. But absent that, yes, clients are demanding more for less. That's not new in our business. They're asking us to show that what we're doing is moving the needle. That's not new to our business. They want us to see all the new offerings. They want to make sure they're current in terms of the social media, in terms of the digital type of approach in the marketplace, whether they're spending their dollars in the right place, but that's all normal conversation. The good news is we're having those conversations. If you go back to the recession, we weren't having those conversations, everyone was in a standstill. So I say the tone supports, in fact, the tones does support what we're saying. And if there's a hiccup in the economy, that's what will affect our ability to deliver.
Michael Roth: I say the pipeline is pretty good. And the new business picture, there are number of new pictures out on the media side, which I referred to. Clearly, Mobil Exxon is the big one that's out there, and McCann is in the finals there. So we're hoping that, that one goes our way. We're in the pitch for BMW. And as I indicated, there are a couple of wins at McCann that we can't specifically announce yet but that's encouraging for us. So I'd say all the numbers we're talking about, this is a good indication why we're comfortable with the forecast.
Michael Roth: We meet with our HR committee, and we have outside advisers working with us in terms of compensation. Every once in a while, there's a one-off when you're looking to hire a specific talent. And it's competitive in the marketplace and you have to sweeten the deal. But overall, our compensation levels are competitive. It's all factored into the numbers that we're referring to. So if there are sums of money set aside to bring in expertise on the digital side, clearly in the growth areas, that's built into our plan. And our managers manage to the margins. So if they have to pay more to bring in those types of expertise, they have to justify it on their margin objective.
Michael Roth: Yes. Our industry went through the recession and we held salaries. We didn't give out increases and so, and that's already built into the numbers. Yes, we did build in increases. We did get back to normal raises and things like that. But again, it's all part of how we manage to the margins.
Michael Roth: Well, yes. I mean whether it's specifically that target and whether we can make up any small shortfall, yes. But absent the revenue goal that we're talking about, it's hard to deliver on the margins. We have some tweaking room in between because there are levers as you point out, like incentive comp. We can take more severance and so on. But we only have 6 months left, no less than 6 months in the year. So it's hard to do that. I think the biggest lever there would be incentive expense. So to the extent we're short on the profitability, then you'll see a drop in our incentive expense commensurate with the miss, if you will. And by the way, that's another indication that we're comfortable with our full year target. I don't know whether I'm allowed to do this, but I'll do it anyhow. When you look at how you calculate your incentive expense, you assume what your incentive expense is going to be for the full year. If you notice for the first half, we haven't taken it down. So that's another indication that we're comfortable that we're going to indicate we're going to achieve our target. Otherwise, we would've taken down our incentive expense. So that's a nuance that's in there, but that's how the levers work.
Michael Roth: We have capital to spend. We've set aside $150 million for acquisition money. And as we went through our operating reviews just recently at the end of every meeting, we ask the groups to see what opportunities they have and whether they would like to see them beef up their organizations and bring those transactions. We've stepped up our own activity in terms of looking at specific transactions that we think are strategic to our overall plan. So we're in the market. We're bringing a couple of small deals that we hope to close in the next month or so, and in the emerging markets, in particular and of course all different disciplines. So we are active out there, but the pricing on them are very aggressive. And we've shown, for example, on the Digital side, we've grown R/GA, we've grown HUGE, we've grown MRM on a global expansion basis organically. And we feel that, that's a more effective way for us to grow those specific expertise without paying huge premiums to bring them into the fold. And we're doing the same thing with our networks. So for example, the Blue Barracuda transaction at Draftfcb in the UK is a good example. Here's a global network, they saw a great organization with good leadership that they've been working with, and so we allocated capital and we did that kind of transaction. So we're seeing that across the globe and particularly in the emerging markets.
Michael Roth: Okay, great. Well, thank you all. I know it's a confusing quarter. I hope we clarified a lot of the questions that you had. We are working hard, and hope you appreciate that we understand the business. We're managing towards our objectives, and we're comfortable that we will be able to deliver on that, and we thank you for all your participation.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, Alexia, as you know, June is by far the largest month in the quarter. And we were feeling pretty good through April, May. And we did see June fall off, although there was growth. Most of the falloff happened outside the U.S. and some of the sectors you called out were the drivers. Some, especially in Latin America, we saw some revenue move out of the quarter. But in talking to the folks down there, our expectation is that there's not a pullback in spend, it's just a timing issue. And some of the markets in Europe were relatively soft in the fourth quarter -- or in June.
Frank Mergenthaler: One of the questions in our last quarter was everyone is disappointed in the fact that we had 3 weeks of buyback, and we haven't used it all up. I think what you've seen is an indication that we believe in the shareholder value of returning cash to our shareholders, and we view this as an opportunity. So I think you can assume we will continue to be active in the marketplace. Again, consistent with an overall plan, but I think you've seen how our plan has been implemented in the past quarter. And I think you should expect that we will continue to keep shareholder value in mind as we move forward.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Peter, we expect our normal seasonality with the fourth quarter is by far the strongest quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: For the 2 issues that you called out in the second quarter, the census work and the Auto client, that's about 2% of headwind for the back half of the year.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Matt, to repeat what Michael said earlier, if you look at it sequentially, what happened to our salary line from Q1 to Q2, the increase was de minimis. And so it's not as if we hired a whole boatload of people in the second quarter that got us misaligned. And with respect to kind of when did we know, as we said earlier, the first 2 months of the quarter from the revenue perspective was strong. And June, which is the biggest month in the quarter, was weaker than we expected.
Frank Mergenthaler: Ben, we're pleased at the rating agency actions we saw this quarter. So investment grade, you have 2 to 3 agencies, where we hope 1/3 to get there sooner rather then later, which helps in financial flexibility. We are pleased with the bank deal we did in the quarter, which again added financial flexibility. We've been relatively aggressive in our share buyback, and right now, we're going to execute against that plan. We expect free cash flow to continue the seasonal patterns that it has. So from a deployment of that cash, nothing has changed other than the scenario continues to improve.
Frank Mergenthaler: No, we have a regimented program. And if we did, we do look at how our seasonal cash flows work, and that's built into the program that we've got in place currently.
Frank Mergenthaler: Right. In Q2, we settled some small items. So that drove that. I mean we actually got cash back. So we're still, for the full year, we have the 40% to 42% effective rate, still reasonable.
