Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. All the above look obviously in the fourth quarter we were pleased to see the result as evidenced by the results we’ve reported. What I liked about the results in the quarter was that and for the year actually, it’s across the board. Frankly the only region that was down was in Asia Pac and had the client losses there and even there we saw some good strength in India. We saw a return to some projects in the fourth quarter which was helpful particularly in Jack Morton and Octagon, so we saw that flow through. But overall I think the tone that we’re seeing which is gist of your question is more positive. I'm still cautious about it. But I think the fourth quarter and the fact that we're using 2% to 3% goal for 2018 is consistent with our view that what we saw in 2017 was not a secular change in our industry. It was cyclical. It was very client specific particularly we saw it in certain CPG clients and environments and so on. So, I think what we saw in the fourth quarter was a return to some spending. We’re not raising the flag in terms of taking all caution, while for the perspective, but this is certainly a better feel out there with respect to the environment, but there’s still elements of caution. I’ll also comment that we did see some client losses in 2017 that had an impact on our results and we’ll still see a little flow-through that in the first quarter. But as I've always said, if we keep the back door close on our existing great client base then I'm even more comfortable with the numbers that we’re showing you or forecasting for 2018.
Michael Roth: And we did see in the past couple years we did have some major moves, R/GA for example, and frankly Deutsche moved into some other agencies. So we did see some large movements. But I do think as Frank said, when we look at our footprint on a global basis we look to utilize all of our excess space and move into either existing space or double up whenever possible.
Michael Roth: Look, obviously the Mediapalooza days and we said consistently in all of our calls, the media environment is one that we see the most action in, in terms of whether it would be – its coming on three years since we had the Mediapalooza and lot of those contracts they’re up for review. And so that’s cycling in there as well. But obviously we’re starting the year with a number of large reviews. And as you pointed out, those fortunately are not defending, so those are opportunities for us. And we’ve invested a lot of money in our media brand offerings. I think the results for 2017 are indicative. I’m very happy to see initiative picking up too global wins. Obviously UM continues to perform well with the existing clients. So I think we’re really well-positioned in terms of the – if there was another Mediapalooza if you want to call it that. And right now I see that is opportunities for us. There’s always complex for us particularly on the auto there are complex that are out there. And sometime some of the healthcare, but we don’t see – we see a pretty clear opportunity for us in terms of existing pitches that are out there that we hope to be able to participate it.
Michael Roth: Yes. I think it’s a combination. Remember, we do our budget based on the bottoms up, so whether it would be R/GA, whether it would huge or MRM or any of these agencies that come in, we look at identified opportunities, existing clients, and you’re right, I mean we still are in project based environment, but I couldn’t say yes, these projects are now online and therefore that’s what contributing to growth. Candidly the growth is not coming from that. It’s coming from new business opportunities. And one of the problems had to be with large clients, these large projects if you recall. And what I’m seeing and I think the whole industry is seeing is that you lose one big project; it takes a number of projects to replace it. And so the good news is that our teams are identifying opportunities that would give rise in total to replace those projects. But it’s not that all of a sudden there was $60 million project that was on the shelf and then all of a sudden they pull the trigger and its back. So, and that’s part of the reason we cite some caution in our numbers for 2018, because this is a lot of work that goes into developing these projects and making sure they come fruition. So I would say if any area of caution is out there that’s the environment that we have some caution on.
Michael Roth: I kind of insulted in [Indiscernible] accounting question of – but that’s okay. What it won’t do is it will do away with this pass-through stuff that we always have to explain. So that part of it is encouraging. And remember, a good portion of our Mediabusiness is paid for performance. So that’s what you are seeing in terms of the shifts from year-to-year. You had the other questions, there.
Michael Roth: Yes, I wish I could tell you that when companies see the big savings in taxes, on the top of the list is let’s spend more money on marketing dollars, okay. It doesn’t seem to be there, all I will tell you I did have one conversation with the pretty big client who did indicate to me that it’s nice to have the tax benefit of cash taxes to help their increase spend. I wouldn’t exactly convert that into a major decision for all of our clients. Because, remember we always said that our clients didn’t lack capital to invest in marketing dollars, they were more interested in the P&L effect, right. And that’s where a lot of these cut backs came through, particularly in the CPG clients and you know where [Indiscernible] activists and so on. But I don’t – anecdotally I think they are certainly more comfortable with the cash positions that they are in, but again, I think we are still going to have to prove the return on investment that you get by increasing your marketing dollars. As business becomes a little stronger, I think companies will be more aggressive in terms of gaining market share and markets and there you have to spend on marketing dollars to do that. So I think that’s the way it’s going to flow through, I don’t think it’s just saying here’s a chunk of cash and we’re going to put it into marketing dollars. But we’re certainly got a lot of projects out there that when they are ready to spend we can prove that what we do works and that’s what our people are doing. We are putting forth very good ideas that are accountable and move the needle. And in this environment when the global economy is in a growth mode you want to continue to invest in your brands and that’s what we do.
Michael Roth: Yes, let me first of all the – we were net new business positive for 2017, so we had a bit of a tailwind going into 2018, order of magnitude maybe 20 to 30 basis points, but probably close to the 20 basis points, but it is a tailwind. But I did indicate that the first quarter we’re still going to be cycling through some of those losses, so we’ll see the positive result of that after the first quarter and the next quarter was....
Michael Roth: Yes, look we – obviously it was a tougher year for us particularly in the PR side of the business. When we do our bottoms up, of course we have some growth in those businesses. Remember the PR business is that – so much of it is project based, every year you start the year saying you know what – where do we see it and how do we get it and other than last year Weber and Golin were able to actually exceed the numbers that we had put out there. So, we believe the PR business will return to growth. It’s built into the number that we gave you in terms of the 2% to 3% and frankly we are starting off with some positive news. So I’m cautious about it, whenever you are dealing with project based businesses such as the PR side of the business you never know where these clients are going to be spending their money, but it’s built into the 2% to 3%.
Michael Roth: Yes, I think that’s a fair question. I mean, I believe one of the issues for 2017 was the question of disintermediation and whether those dollars as you pointed out ago and directly. I have to tell you that our relationship for example with Google and Facebook is probably better now than it’s been historically because I think it’s become fairly clear that working together ends up with a better result for our clients. And certainly when you see all these issues with respect to safety and transparency, our clients like to see an agnostic perspective of where these dollars go. So, it adds to our value added to our clients to provide that type of perspective. But we are seeing more and more of Facebook and Google being embedded with our people and working on joint projects we see at Amazon obviously is coming into the fold in terms of being a very important player in that world. And I think it adds to the argument that we bring to the table. One is we have great contracts in negotiating ability given our scale and our capabilities and we also provide a truly agnostic view in terms of where that money goes. So I would say the environment for that is actually more positive than negative.
Michael Roth: Okay, well thank you very much. Obviously we are pleased with the results and we look forward to reporting on our first quarter and see how close we came. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes. I mean, that’s one of the reasons we adopted the accounting method that we’re doing. We think that gives greater clarity in terms of the forecast for the number. So in overall terms it certainly gives you the perspective of what we expect our growth to be.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the margin for 2018, John, it’s based on our bottoms up budgeting that we started in November, so it was client by client, office by office, agency by agency. So we would expect to see with the 2% or 3% growth leverage on our -- across our entire spends portfolio, but SRS is still critical. On the occupancy side, I think we’ve made huge progress over the past 10 years. We’ve got a centralized team here at IPG. They are doing a terrific job in managing occupancy inflation around the globe and we’ve leveraged our scale in core market by consolidating multi-agencies into one office, so we can leverage our scale. So is there opportunity sure, but it gets harder as you see inflation creep into lot of major market.
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, I’ll tell you, when you come back from Davos, it was the first time that I left Davos where uniformly the tone was positive for Continental Europe and all other regions in the world. And frankly that's what we're seeing. We’re seeing a return if you will to some growth in Continental Europe and in the U.K. which is very encouraging. And again it is client specific and new business wins. We did cycle through however a client loss at – of Seat in MullenLowe which adversely affected Continental Europe. But when you see in the three months in the quarter 7.9% organic growth or 6.6% and 3.4% net of pass-throughs for the full year, that's pretty exciting for us, and the tone still seems positive. But again, because of our size, remember if you look at the size of our portfolio in Continental Europe and the U.K. its 9% of each. So it could really be adversely affected or positively affected by changes in specific clients and I think we’re seeing that. So hopefully we keep the back door closed in Continental Europe. We win more than we lose in new pitches and I’m encouraged to see those results. But you’re right; it’s nice to see that. Frankly it’s nice to see growth in all the regions other than Asia Pac. We did have some client losses in China and Singapore that negatively affected us, but I'm encouraged by the positive results in India.
Frank Mergenthaler: Correct. Because the way that current accounting works, Ben, it's very prescriptive on when you recognize incentive bonuses. So you need to hit certain milestone, certain documentation. So, what we saw was if you had an annual bonus that usually slip into the first quarter of the following year the new rule you need to use more judgment, you need to do estimate to complete and estimate performance, so you should see incentive bonuses recognize more ratable over the year. So, when you look at kind of 18 bonuses that would slip back in the 2017, 2017 that would slip back in 2016, 2016 was a much stronger year remember with 5% growth, so we have healthy bonuses in Q1 of 2017 that better going to get push back. So net effect of that is about 3% to 4% of operating income moving to 2016, but the point to remember is our 2018 operation income target are based upon the 2017 print. So those targets are set based upon 20 basis points of a number we just printed. So the restatement number does not impact my 2018 targets.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, it’s net and as we mentioned earlier next year we’ll be expanding our P&L to show net organic growth, net organic margin and that will be the focal point of our discussion on future call. So to what Michael mentioned earlier, we’ll eliminate all the noise around pass-throughs.
