Michael Roth: That’s okay; that’s fine. By the way, let me just reference that that was not my phone that went off [multiple speakers]. All right. First on Continental Europe. Again, as you know, in Continental Europe, it’s roughly 8% of our revenue and UK is 9%. It’s significant, but not that significant. So, therefore, particular client wins has an impact on those positive results. So, I would say that in answer to the question, we had -- McCann in particular and Mediabrands had some nice wins in those markets, and we’re seeing the effect of those wins. We’re not raising a big flag as a big recovery in Continental Europe, which I think is the just of your question. And as far as the UK goes, that is solid gains across the board including our PR businesses and so on. So, we do draw a distinction between strength in the UK and the positive results we’re seeing in Continental Europe, both obviously contributed to our overall performance. On your question on the verticals, our biggest vertical continues, both on a worldwide and the U.S. basis is healthcare, it continues to be a very strong discipline for us and we’re seeing very strong growth both out of FCB and McCann Health. So, that’s very encouraging and we see that as a continuing factor in our growth going forward. As far as retail goes, it’s unique to our client servicing. These are not the retail clients for example. If you see, for example, the retail department stores in the U.S., which you’re reading so much about. Here we’re seeing particularly healthy, [ph] McCann won some business at Staples and of course Amazon we characterize as retail. So, those are the key factors in our growth. We don’t have significant exposure to the retail organizations that you’re reading about every day in the newspapers. And by the way, obviously our NOLs that you correctly point out are in Europe. And as we see profitability in Europe, we will continue to use those NOLs to offset on a cash tax basis, which is one of the reasons why you’ll see our effective tax rate -- cash tax rate being less than our effective already. So that’s positive for us and that continues to, as you know, go on for many years in terms of the availability. CPG, that one obviously we are seeing some pressure from clients like everyone else in terms of pricing and cutbacks. I see the opportunity on CPG because a lot of these multi-national clients in particular use hundreds of different agencies and they embarked on significant cost containment. And we are positioned and I think our clients’ position is that consolidation of all these different agencies with a number of key providers will provide a lot of the efficiencies that they are looking for. So we see that -- one obviously there is pressure on fees and it’s important for us to watch our cost profile as associated with that in efficiencies but also as an opportunity for us to pick up some new brands. And hopefully that will mitigate somewhat the pricing pressures that we’re seeing at CPG. That said, food and beverage was slightly positive on a worldwide basis for us whereas the consumer goods was in fact negative.
Michael Roth: Yes. First of all, 63% of our business is in US, so that helps us. We see -- not a high growth rate in the US but moderate rate, low single digits, which as we said in the past, 3 or 4% organic growth, we should be able to continue to expand our margins. So, in the US, we’re very strong across our media offerings, our independent agencies come in here, as well as our digital and creative capabilities and PR businesses in US. So that gives us a degree of comfort in our forecast at 3 to 4%. And our wins and losses were net new business positive. We did see in the first quarter, we did have to cycle through two losses, particularly in the US being Sprint on the creative side and USAA. So, we’re seeing somewhat of an impact of that in the first quarter but we do have net new business coming on board. So, I would view the headwinds and tailwinds on a full year basis at this point as relatively neutral which is good because those two losses we want to -- it’s good that we’re able to overcome that. And we have a lot of potential new business in the pipeline. Our pipeline is solid. What you don’t read about our new business wins within existing multi-national clients, particularly on the healthcare side, those we don’t announce but given the strong capabilities we have both at FCB and McCann, we did see nice wins in those organizations and clients where we do have open architecture structures and those are contributing to our net new business. You just don’t see that, for example in the Alexia’s [ph] releases where she puts the scorecard of net wins and losses, our existing client base continues to be primary source for organic growth for us and that’s not reflected in the new business tables.
Michael Roth: First of all, John, I didn’t answer one of your questions. So, let me get back to that. The question of competition from other sources. Yes, the convergence is out among all different whether it’d be consultants out there; where it’d be the other digitals; whether it’d be the system integrators that are out there that are providing various services. We have not seen them in a big way. Every once in a while, we will see them on the digital side of the business and normally, frankly we do pretty well against them. So, I think, what I mentioned in my remarks is that our integrated offering and our creative firepower is something at this point gives us a strong advantage over those system integrators, if you will. That said, five years or six years from now, the landscape is going to change, maybe potentially you’ll see us partnering with some of these. These are all, it’s a changing anticipating landscape out there, but what we do bring to the table is the firepower on the creative side of the business. And what we offer to those type of individuals in terms of the diverse client base, innovative thinking, the ability to reach across all the different agencies at IPG, that’s a pretty compelling case to be made for strong creative talent. And we’ve been very successful bringing some real top notch talent within our organization. That coupled with the media side of the business, which we can bring on an integrated offering is something that these other providers don’t have and we use that. And we do believe that the integration of media and creative talent, for example when MullenLowe is doing on the hyper bundling is really what clients are looking for and which is why on the media side of the business we’re seeing a lot of action out there in terms of clients, not clients, actually a lot of the reviews that are out there are not existing clients. And we see the integration as a key factor both in buying and planning, which is why we think our investments in data analytics across all of IPG really position us well in terms of the response what are clients are looking for on the media side of the business.
Michael Roth: Yes. And right now -- it used to be -- there are still clients out there that bifurcate buying and planning. And because they view -- media guys, I wanted to say this. They view buying as more of a commodity and they’re just looking for the best price. But I think it’s a pretty compelling argument that buying and planning should be together because we can come up with the best media plan there is. And if it isn’t executed properly on the buying side, the effectiveness is really diminished and really is helpful to have the buying media and the planning, sitting in the same room working together. And there are occasions that we do that. So, it’s not that we can’t do it but I think clients are beginning to realize that there is an added value to putting the two of them together. And then, if you add on top of that the ability to bring in our creative and other offerings across the different disciplines, it’s a compelling argument as to why the model that we use, the open architecture model brings the best value as well as the expertise to the clients. Fee pressure is something is getting a lot of -- since I’ve been in the business, what we’ve been talking about is fee pressure. Whether you call it zero based budgeting, whether you call it value pricing, whatever you want to call it, there is always pressure. Clients want more for less. And if I was a client, I would be doing exactly that. And it’s incumbent to us to show that the work that we do actually moves the needle and which is why the data analytics part, why we’re making such a big strong effort on the centralized data and analytics across all the disciplines with an IPG because that really makes the case that what we do works and it encourages our clients to invest in what we do to move the needle. So, even if it’s a difficult competitive environment, these clients have to spend money on advertising. And if we can show the return on investment for the money that they are spending, they are going to spend it. And although they’ll want -- price it most efficiently and get the best deals as they can, if we can prove that what we’re doing is adding value, then they’re going to spend their money and it’s going to be incumbent on us to make our margins. And frankly you’ve seen us do that. We’ve been talking about price pressures now for years and we continue to expand margin at 50 basis points. So, we still believe the opportunity is there for us to continue to expand margin even with the pressures on the pricing. But there is pressure and it really puts the burden on us to make the case of what we’re doing is effective and efficient for our clients. Google and ad blocking, I mean that’s -- someone is going to ultimately have to pay for all this stuff. And I know that marketplace like to see everything for nothing but in the end advertisers are going to spend money and they’re going to be -- they want to see the effectiveness. It puts the burden on us to be creative and innovative in storytelling, embedded content, different ways of reaching the consumer, the pop up ad, yes, you’ve got to see that blocked, frankly thank goodness because it gets to be annoying. But we’re much more advanced than that in our business right now. And the embedded content which is why everyone is investing in content and having partnerships on content really makes the case for developing relationship between the clients and the consumers. And that’s really where we shine. We can use our creative capability, our technical capabilities and our distribution to make sure that that content is reaching the consumers with the right message.
Michael Roth: Look, our digital capabilities are growing historically and overall at double-digit rate. So, it’s a strong engine for our growth. And we don’t -- it’s hard to characterize them as digital agencies anymore. There’s been a convergence among all of our agencies. Our approach to digital has always been that it’s embedded in all of our activities. So, whether you do experiential, whether you do PR, whether you do traditional advertising, digital capabilities is embedded, which is why we don’t have a separate silo as far as digital capabilities. On top of that, we do have digital -- historical digital capabilities in the R/GA a Huge, the MRM, the Proferos. These are original digital agencies, but they cover a broad spectrum of services. R/GA covers creative PR. I mean, they are full service agency candidly, but they have the connected space and the digital capabilities as part of their DNA, which is what makes their offering in Huge and the Proferos and the MRMs compelling, because they bring all of those expertise together. And frankly when they don’t have, they reach out to other assets within IPG to put that all together. So digital is a critical growth. And if you look at where media is being spent, linear TV is not growing as rapidly as digital on the media side. And therefore, if all of our resources aren’t well-versed in digital capabilities, we couldn’t put forth the numbers that we’re seeing. So, digital is going to continue to help grow most of our other businesses. And we make good margin on it. And it’s a great way to develop lasting relationships with clients because that’s where the action is.
Michael Roth: Yes. On the dispositions, we did indicate that it had an impact of negative 1% on revenue. If you remember, last year, the ended of year, we announced that we were disposing of not-strategic assets. This isn’t exit of a business line that we’ve seen, one of our competitors has that. This is small agencies and geographic regions that frankly they were either losing money or they were not relevant to the offerings, to the entity in which they were residing. So, it’s just basically cleaning up agencies that were not value-added, losing money and strategically not necessary. So, it’s not that we exited the business line; it was in geographic regions that were not efficient for us.
Michael Roth: I’d like to say they see the light. Actually more importantly, the clients have seen the light. This was more or less a response to the fact that what we’ve been saying all along is that we should act as an agent, not as a principal. So, there is an inherent conflict when you’re doing the buyings programmatic, if you’re selling inventory that you have an economic interest in it. And we’ve always said that that we do something we wouldn’t do. And obviously, you’re right. We use that as a differentiator in the various pitches. And clients are beginning to see that they shouldn’t be giving away those profits. And therefore our approach which is a more client-centric approach is the right way to go. And so we’re appreciative of that. But it’s still a very important business for us. Let’s say, we never took inventory. So, therefore it’s still a very high margin business for us. So that means the value service that we’re providing in the programmatic is something that clients appreciate and they’re willing to pay for it. And we’re expanding it on a global basis. Remember, this started out as the US based business and now it’s covering the world. The fact that we pulled out the data analytics and put it into reporting directly into fleet in the US side at the holding company level is indicative that we view this as a very strong component that will differentiate us in the marketplace and will be available, not just to our media businesses but all of our businesses. And when you look at the hyper bundling that we’ve been talking about where media and creative are coming together, this will be viewed as an integral part of the offering that our agencies have. So, I don’t think programmatic dramatic is going away, I think it continues to be a growth vehicle for us. Yes, some clients have been taking it in-house. But this costs a lot of money to continue to evolve; we have to invest in it. Clients like to have it in-house but when it comes time to looking at efficiencies and investing in it, I think a lot of them will see that some of them may do -- is okay to have in-house but in terms of the changing landscape of programmatic, we offer something that is very difficult to do on an internal basis. So, it would be a combination of the two. So, we still view programmatic as a very important aspect of the business going forward.
Michael Roth: Yes. I think everyone is -- we are experiencing everything that you read about. Everyone is expecting this rash of consumer confidence and spending and a lot of it is a function of what’s going to happen frankly in Washington. And so, everyone is waiting and seeing, everyone is expecting to see some change, because obviously that was an important part of the platform. I think they’re beginning to see that it’s a little more difficult than they originally thought. But nonetheless, the consumers are spending, but I think there is some holdback, if you will, in terms of big companies committing to making big investments until these areas are resolved. So, there is disconnect between the market, stock market and the spend. I think potentially, if it all comes together, that will be a good pick-up for us as we go forward, as is tax rate change. I mean, forget about the consumers, just look at IPG, I mean, if you -- we are a tax payer in the U.S. and to the extent that there is a reduction in corporate taxes or individual taxes, which will help to consumers that all benefits us. So, we’re looking [ph] for that. And so I think it’s still a little bit of a wait and see. So, I agree, I think we’re going to still see disconnect there until some of this stuff really comes to fruition.
Michael Roth: We still think that the 3% to 4% that we’re putting out for the year, we do this on a bottoms up basis, and we were not anticipating a big hockey stick in terms of consumer confidence to give the rise to that 3% to 4% growth.
Michael Roth: Yes. It just shows you, we can all get along. Everybody else would operate the same way. I think we’d be in better shape. Yes. Look, as I say, they are -- look, whether it’d be Accenture or any other consulting and as I say system integrators, they’re buying agencies. And I would do -- you already have the client, you’re doing -- you’re involved in their system integration; and to the extent that you’ve been having add-on from revenue, why not. And so, we do see them as continued competitors if you will in the space. But at this stage, they don’t have the capabilities on the integrated offering that we have. And frankly, and I’ve thrown this out that maybe it’s better if we partner with them than directly compete because we do bring unique expertise that they don’t have yet, and why buy it when you can rent it. So, that’s it. Just I throw that out as a potential. But nonetheless, we compete with them. And so far, we’re doing pretty well against it. And it will be interesting, if they are advising, as you say, the publishers, if you will, sellers of space, it’s hard to be on the other side of that. So, as we say, there is a convergence of everything coming together. And in the end, it’s going to be who has the best capabilities, who has the best insights, and who can bring it all together in a single source. And that’s where I think we have a competitive advantage. We’ve been operating under this open architecture now for 10 years. And frankly we know how to do that. And if you’re sitting on the other side of the table, you can blow your brains out looking at all the different resources that are out there trying to sell you something. And if we can provide a single source capability that’s best in class that puts them all together that’s focused on the client, we don’t have them building the hunt with respect to any of our assets, that’s a pretty compelling case if I was sitting on the other side of the table. So, that’s where we continue to place our bets. And by the way, we are going into the consultancy business. I said this before. But the consultancy part of the business is different. We are -- for example R/GA is already in business transformation, design capabilities, even structural type of advice. So yes, I mean, it’s a logical expansion of the fact that we have relationship with the clients, we know their business and we can really bring to the table creative, new, innovative ideas and call it what you will, partnering with these clients and being able to execute in this complicated environment is something that they want to see. And frankly we’re pretty well suited to do it. So, yes, they’re going to be out there but I think like I said in my prepared remarks, we’ve been expecting it and we’ve been building our assets to compete against it. That said, Accenture is a great client of ours, I’m very happy to have him as a client. I committed to them that we will through the best we have at IPG to helping them achieve their goals and we’re on the same page.
Michael Roth: Well, I think the aspect of the media business has changed dramatically. And I think that’s part of what’s driving -- and that’s why you see the seasonality of our own cash flows because a lot of our ins and outs on the cash flows is as a result of media. So, I think that had a big impact. Frankly, I’m not as familiar about it -- I’m new to this business relatively. So, the 10 years that you were talking about, I was a tax lawyer. But, right now, I think it’s a media business that’s driving the cash flows and it’s -- and we’ve done a tremendous job in terms of working with our clients and working with our -- focus on cash flow. We’re not a bank. And it’s a critical component of returns. So, I think we’re much better at it than we were 10 years ago as well. It wasn’t the kind of focus that was -- in the end though, yes, we are generating a lot of cash flow; it’s a good. The good news about IPG is that that cash flow we’re returning to our shareholders. We didn’t go out and do big transactions; that’s another difference. In the all days, IPG and the other holding companies and there are some still do it, buy everything that’s out there. And frankly, we were not participating in that. So, we took the excess cash flow in our business and we returned it to our shareholders in the form of buybacks and dividends. So, there aren’t any big transactions out there that we see that when we really have to use all of that cash to do. If there are, we’ll look at it as any other transaction. But I think -- I hope that helps. But that’s the dynamics of our business for example.
Michael Roth: Eventually, of course, and unless the dynamics of our industry change dramatically which frankly we’re not going to do. So, that’s the gist of your question. Clients would like us to be a bank but we’re not.
Michael Roth: Okay. Well, thank you very much. As I said, this is the first quarter. We’ve got a lot of work ahead of us and we are keeping our heads down to deliver on our results. Thank you so much.
