Frank Mergenthaler: We started to see -- it hit us in Q2 of '09, Alexia, and we're going to feel the effects through most of 2010. It will start to taper off in the back half of the year, but for Q1 and Q2, it will present consistent headwind.
Frank Mergenthaler: And John, on a cost base, a disproportionate amount of our Q4 severance came out of Europe at the end of '09. So our folks have been on this throughout '09 and got more aggressive against it in the fourth quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: As we’ve said in the past, it's all our cash. And, I think what we’ve said on this call today, which is a very bullish statement, two things: that we’re out there tendering now for a very costly security in our balance sheet and our preferreds, up to $400 million. We've also said that we've got the wherewithal to deal with the maturity, FRAs that mature in the fourth quarter for another $200 million. So there's $600 million coming off our balance sheet right there to clean up and to deleverage a balance sheet that we've been working with as this turnaround is taking hold and we get more comfortable with the direction of where we're going and where the economy is.
Frank Mergenthaler: There's no other events out there, Craig, that are worth calling out. So it's client-specific by market.
Frank Mergenthaler: And when you look at Western, we're not disclosing specific countries. Our largest markets are the U.K., France, Spain, Germany and Italy. You're other markets you’re referring to are at the lower end of the size scale for us.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the expense line items, we're one quarter in. When we look at how we performed versus our budget, we're pleased. We saw base salaries down organically north of 6%, we saw a little creep in temporary labor, but that's reflective of some of the new business pipelines we've seen. So, we’ve got to continue to monitor that. We're seeing some normalcy come back into incentive compensation. That gives you some view that the operators feel as if their operating plans for the year are still on track. So all in all, I think we feel pretty good about the expense line. But, as Michael made in the opening comments, we need to continue to be diligent about it. I think on the stock based comp number; I'm not sure I have that in front of me. And on the cutbacks number for the year and working capital; probably $100 million is a good number to model.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the Tech and Telecom question, it's not just one account it's probably six or seven accounts, of which more than half of it relates to one account.
Michael Roth: Yes, McCann Worldgroup and McCann North America continue to be very strong competitors in the marketplace. We are in the process of introducing Nick Brian to all of our clients, and that is being very well received. I think, clearly, you referenced the loss in Tech and Telecom, but McCann continues to be very competitive. One of the interesting things about McCann is that they have a very strong existing client base. So a number of the improvements that we're seeing in our company are not necessarily from increases in client wins, but increases from existing clients, which is the base of the McCann Worldgroup. Nick is off to a fast start in getting the group together and collaborating in terms of what has to be addressed on a global basis. Most recently, I met with him and the whole team, and I think everyone is excited about the opportunities. And we're very confident that the McCann Worldgroup is going to continue to be the strong contributor to the IPG success.
Michael Roth: No, I think PR is pretty well across all bases. And incidentally, it's both Weber Shandwick and Golin. I think both of those offerings are quite competitive in the marketplace, and we're fortunate to have two such strong brands.
Michael Roth: Well, I think the credit downgrades affects the overall economic environment. What's important is, the significant client base we have there are companies that have very secure financial positions. And I think they -- I've been abroad there meeting with them, and their view is that this is an environment that they have to continue to invest, to build their brands and gain market share in the marketplace. And frankly, those are the conversations we're having with those clients. So I think they have the cash on their balance sheet, and we're starting to see them spending. Now that said, they are cautious. And let's make no bones about it. And I think they'll be very careful in how they deploy their capital and cash which makes it that important for us to continue to provide solutions on an integrated basis, and that's what we're doing. So I think those clients that have the cash will spend it very carefully, but they will spend it, and they do have the cash. The overall economic environment eventually affects the consumer confidence, but I do believe right now, our client base is looking to expand and grow their brands.
Michael Roth: We would hope so, but again, it's soft, and every day, something new is happening out there. So it's hard for us to say what it's going to be, but we would hope it would be the bottom.
Michael Roth: It’s an interesting question, because it raises a whole bunch of areas, and I’m glad you brought it up. First, let me address -- as the economy gets stronger, what we're seeing at our clients is they're now taking a very strong and hard look at their marketing capabilities. We're seeing changes in CMOs, we're seeing changes in CEOs, so whenever you see that kind of activity in the marketplace, it's obviously fair game for clients to be looking at their marketing partners on a going-forward basis. Now that's good and that's bad news. Obviously, it's good news when we're participating in new business pitches and we win our fair share. It's bad news when we're the recipient of change. And I think as the economy starts to unfold -- and we're going to see more and more of that activity -- and I view this as an opportunity. It just happens to be that the last couple of them that we participated in, we were on the short end. On the other side, just recently, yesterday, we announced a win at the L'Oreal media pitch in terms of North America, where we were up against a big competitor publicist [ph] which we share that client with and we won. So there are circumstances where we're going to win our fair share, and there are circumstances where, as the clients look at these things, we're unfortunately going to be on the short end of it.  I think the key here is making sure we're paying attention to our clients and offering up all the best offerings that we have as a company. And I think we're going to see that goal through the entire year. So some clients will be putting us up and our big competitors up for review. We'll be in the pitches. I am highly confident that in the pitches, we will have a seat at the table; and we're going to have to share, in turn, some wins and some losses. And the other part of it is -- other clients share their marketing services among, frankly, the big four holding companies. And some of the wins that we have, we can announce, we pick up additional business from our competitor, whether it be over in Europe or in domestic, and we don't announce those wins. So it goes to the point of the strength of our relationship with our clients, and that continues to be very strong.
Michael Roth: Yes, that's a fair question. And I do think, although it's anecdotal, that as the business is getting stronger, the business folks are taking a stronger position versus the procurement side. That said, procurement is going to be sitting at that table, and that hasn't gone away. I think the client base has gotten a taste of the fact that procurement is a very important part of the pricing mechanism. But I do believe that we're seeing some semblance of reasoning from a business perspective coming back to the table. And I think that bodes well for us in terms of scope increases. And the answer is yes. In order to see growth from our existing client base, and in order to put forth the organic numbers that we're putting forth that we expect to see for the rest of the year, we're going to see scope increases at our major clients. And that's the key focus of where growth is going to come from, frankly. And I do think that the business aspects of this are taking a broader picture versus just the cost savings in it.
Michael Roth: Well, first of all, there's no question that the talent issues concerning digital puts pressure on salaries. And we know that it's very competitive. R/GA, for example, won a significant amount of new business at the end of 2009 and they had to go out and recruit over 100 people, for example. And so therefore, it was very competitive in the marketplace from a salary point of view. The other side of that is; once you get the talent in there, digital is much more labor-intensive and therefore, we're getting a bigger piece of the pie in terms of the dollars being spent. And what we have to focus on is the efficiencies of how we produce those products. And so you see, for example, R/GA, MRM and HUGE and all of our agencies focusing on retaining as much of that money internally as opposed to going outside in terms of production. So I think you're going to see a focus on the production side, which will enable us to recover some of the increased cost as result of the talent. But, it is very competitive out there. But, I do believe that if we focus on smart ways of doing this -- for example, the Worldgroup has launched EXP, which is a global production capability where we can be much more efficient in terms of meeting the demands of our global clients. It's those kinds of structures and those kinds of things that we're looking at to increase margins.
Michael Roth: Yes. As long as we continue to keep the dollars and be smart about how we handle the production and content and all the parts that go into it, yes, I think the potential is there. But we have to be very careful in terms of how we manage our costs. But, no question, that's where the dollars are flowing. And we have a very critical view on how we look at the expenses that relate to that.
Michael Roth: I mean, you put your finger on the whole story in terms of the leverage that we get from our existing headcount. Yes, and that's why I say; a critical component on our growth is through existing clients and scope increases because, yes, obviously, it's incumbent upon us to be more efficient in utilizing existing talent. So as that scope increase occurs, we don't hopefully have to go out and hire a lot of people behind that. But there's no question that we have taken hard looks at our salary components, evidenced by the actions we took in 2009, which is why you saw the increase in hires in the first quarter; because there is a certain amount of hiring that we had to do to support the new revenue. But what's important here is that the people we're hiring are: A) related to the revenue stream, and that’s an important component; and two, the disciplines of the people we're hiring are much more focused on the new type of projects and revenue that we are seeing, i.e., the digital component. So it's a balancing act in terms of using existing efficiencies as well as hiring into the revenue stream. And that's really what the leverage opportunity for us is. If we can grow the revenue without proportionately increasing our salaries and SRS [ph] costs, then that's the level of the margin expansion. Incidentally, when we tell you that we think flat or slightly up for 2010 will give eight or better margin, that assumes that we're going to be able to leverage those efficiencies in terms of margin expansion.
Michael Roth: Let me just add to it. One of the things that you can see, and frankly, one of the reasons we were holding off employing that excess cash has been consistency in our balance sheet. And I think what you've seen is, if you look at our cash line, even during a very difficult environment, the consistency in our level of cash has been presence. And the fact that we've been winning some media pitches recently bolsters that assumption in terms of the sustainability of our cash position. So therefore, we wouldn't launch the type of transaction that Frank just alluded to and we announced this morning if we didn't feel that that was sustainable going forward. And let me just reiterate, if the cash is on our balance sheet, it's ours. And I know you ask that question every call and I think we've given you the same answer. There's a certain level of cash that we have to maintain on our balance sheet, but obviously, what we announced this morning further enhances our flexibility and our comfort levels of those positions.
Michael Roth: Let me put it another way. Right now, we announced a tender for the 370,000 shares, which would equate to, if we get every bit of it, $400 million. And, we've also said that we will use existing cash. And, we also said that we have enough cash to meet the FRNs, the flowing rate notes, of $195 million. So, if you put the two of those together, our view is that we have enough cash to do that. So, why don't we use that as a minimum number that we think is cash that we can use to deploy? Now, whether that number is higher, as we go forward, will be a function of how the overall economic environment flows through.
Michael Roth: Yes, certainly, the Tech and Telecom's spilled over there. Frankly, which gets to the question of McCann -- McCann U.K. is a very solid offering; they’ve had some business wins there and we’ve made some changes there in personnel and we're pleased with what we're seeing there. So I think the effect of Tech and Telecom and the one-time events that we were referring to are the key to it and the rest is going to be just general economic environment.
Michael Roth: Certainly, that's a key component of it. We did win some recent -- it hasn't been publicized. We did win some business out of China. Again, as I indicated in my opening remarks, we are smaller compared to our competitors there. We have over 1,000 people there, we service our multi-national clients there, we have strong offerings; both Lowe, Draftfcb, Weber Shandwick, McCann Worldgroup. So we do have strong offerings in China and it's going to be a key focus on us for the balance of this year to see what we can do to bolster our offerings. Obviously, our media business as well. But we have to bolster our offerings in China, and it's a key priority for us in 2010.
Michael Roth: Yes, I’m glad you asked that question. It was a point that we were discussing. On the U.S. side, if you stripped out just in the first quarter -- if you stripped out the Tech and Telecom, we would've been over 5% organic growth in the U.S. So one of the questions was, how are we comparing to competitors? And so, if you pull that out, we are quite competitive in the U.S. and we're excited about this number. On a global basis …
Michael Roth: I understand. It's picking and choosing, but the fact is; it had such an impact on us and will continue to have an impact on us for the rest of 2010. I think it's fair for us to break that out.
Michael Roth: Well, certainly, U.S. -- the question was, does the rest follow the U.S.? And obviously, we have a bias on the U.S. a bit. But clearly, Latin America, India, China, and particularly in Brazil, we've seen some strong numbers and we believe that will continue to be strong. And frankly, Western Europe will lag that group.
Michael Roth: And the other side is, if we start seeing that the particular region or discipline is not performing the way we are, I think we've indicated a pretty good example of we’ll be quick to take actions to reflect our cost base in that area there.
Michael Roth: Let me answer that one first. What we said, we expect -- this is the first quarter, so we're not about to – as I always say, raise flags and say happy days are totally here again. So right now, what we say is that we should be able to do 8% or better given a flat or a slightly up organic. And, obviously, if we do better on the revenue side, we would hope to be able to do better on the margin side. We can’t tell you specifically when Western Europe is going to turn positive. The issue is -- the way we look at is, on a global basis, obviously things are better and we would hope to see us return to growth sooner rather than later than when we had said before. But I can't tell you specifically. Maybe you can tell me when is Western Europe going to turn positive. But, I think overall, the trend is what we say, and that’s what we’re comfortable with.
Michael Roth: Let me address the Chevy. The Chevy loss was actually North America, and it was the creative in North America. As I indicated, we retained the dealership business. So, in order of magnitude, we had said it's not a significant number, compared to our overall revenue. I know it sounds like it's big, but if you look at it from a North American point of view, and the fact that it's narrowed to those specific projects --look we don't like to see it being lost at all, but it's not significant. And frankly, the numbers that have been out there with respect to the estimated revenue in fact are frankly a little bit high, especially since we retained the dealership business. Which initially, there was a question as to whether that business went over, and we've had confirmation recently that it's their intention to keep the dealership business with Campbell-Ewald. So, the number is not that significant.  The other question has to do with the covenants, I think we put it in the …
Michael Roth: And frankly, we’ll incorporate it. That’s in the Q and O and frankly, we’ll leave it to you looking at those numbers in our Q.
Michael Roth: Well, thank you all for participating. Obviously, a lot has happened in the first quarter. We are excited about all the opportunities that we have. And frankly, we appreciate the support and we look forward to our next call in the second quarter. Thank you very much.
