Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry. As usual, I'll begin our call with a high-level view of our performance in the quarter, and Ellen will then provide additional details. I'll conclude with some highlights at our agencies and key strategic updates to be followed by your Q&A.   This morning, we are reporting a solid start to 2024, with Q1 performance fully consistent with the targets for growth and margin that we shared earlier this year. The organic growth of our revenue before billable expenses came in at 1.3%. Regionally, we were paced by strong growth in Europe, followed by growth in LatAm and the U.S.  In keeping with our long-term record, we continue to see very strong growth at IPG Mediabrands in Q1, FCB's offering of creativity informed by data insights and precision as well as IPG Health also marked strong quarters of growth and our public relations discipline, specifically Golin, which posted double-digit organic growth was a highlight of the first quarter.  From the standpoint of clients, we again had growth in 6 of 8 client sectors worldwide, led by double-digit increases among our health care and food and beverage clients, followed by solid increases across the consumer goods and retail sectors as well as our other sector of public sector and diversified industrials. We also continue to see trends within our portfolio that have been a drag on our growth and that we've identified during recent quarters. Those are the underperformance of our digital specialty agencies and our tech and telecom client sector.  As we've indicated previously, heading into 2024, most of the weight from the tech and telecom sector will be due to the loss of a large AOR assignment with a telco client late last year. Outside of that item, same client decreases in the sector have largely stabilized.  Turning to expenses and margin. The quarter demonstrates that our teams continue to operate with a high degree of focus, as we keep investing in the growth areas of the business. Our adjusted EBITA margin was 9.4%, which is in line with expectations for our smallest seasonal quarter. That margin result is despite elevated expense for severance in Q1. Those actions should benefit our expenses for the balance of the year.  It's worth noting that we had 110 basis points of operating leverage in the first quarter on our expense for base payroll, benefits and tax from a year ago. Our diluted earnings per share in the quarter was $0.29 as reported and $0.36 as adjusted for acquired intangibles amortization and the impact of net business dispositions.   During the quarter, we repurchased 1.9 million shares, returning $62 million. You'll recall that in February, our Board authorized another $320 million share repurchase program and increased our common share dividend by 6%. In terms of our outlook, we continue to expect to achieve full year organic growth of 1% to 2%. A recent decision by an important ongoing client will adversely impact the balance of this year and likely make achieving the top end of our target more challenging.  Within that range of growth, we continue to expect to deliver adjusted EBITA margin of 16.6% for the full year. As we look ahead, we anticipate that the strongest and most consistent growth areas of our business, such as our data and tech-driven media offerings, specialist health care marketing expertise, PR and experiential marketing capabilities are positioned to continue their strong performance over the long term.  Additionally, these higher value offerings, which include opportunities for outcome-based performance compensation, combined with our proven operational discipline will result in sustained long-term margin improvement. As we move ahead, we'll continue to enhance our existing offerings, providing holistic solutions that help marketers successfully deal with a media and marketing environment.  It's increasingly complex and dynamic. This entails further embedding precision and performance into our media offering as well as integrating the most contemporary technologies such as generative AI at the core of our marketing services capabilities.  I'll come back with more detail on the evolution of our offerings after Ellen has had a chance to walk you through a more detailed view of our results. 
Philippe Krakowsky: No, please. I don't know that I can help you with the middle question just because, as you know, we don't really speak to the particulars or things that are proprietary relative to our clients. And there is one large review ongoing that you called out, which is very important to us, but there are clearly others where we are theoretically a beneficiary where we're not defending. But I really can't speak to that. On the other one, I'm happy to unpack that for you, and I'll probably do it all at one go. So I would say, if you look at the digital specialist agencies, through '23, the drag on a quarter-to-quarter basis to IPG overall was about 1.5% at any given point in time. And that continues to be the case. So we're seeing about a 1.5% drag from them in Q1. Tech and telco as a client sector over the course of '23 was probably in the 2% to 2.5% range. And again, it varied quarter-to-quarter. And that has come down to about 1.5% in Q1 of this year and significant, say, somewhere between 60% and 70% of that 1.5% is due to the 1 AOR loss that we called out. So we're clearly seeing progress as it were or at least less damaging to our results. And if you sort of take a cross-section, we've always said that the tech and telco space has been a function of large names, not small, medium-sized clients, not kind of the leading edge of digital, was not crypto, et cetera. So if you look at the bellwether, tech and telco clients, the big names. In Q1, those were just a hair below flat. So that's why we say stabilization.  Now to my mind, that doesn't say that we can tell you that we're seeing them come back to growth definitively at a moment in time in Q2 or in Q3, but clearly, that's the progress. And so if I take both of those X client overlap because the digital agencies do over-index into that client sector that in Q1, it was just shy of 30 basis points to our growth number. But the tenor of that are sort of the -- when you get to the granularity of that, you're definitely seeing some movement. And then I guess the last reminder I would add is just that our full year guidance doesn't factor in a return to growth for either of those agencies or the client sector in order for us to achieve the targets. So if tech improves faster, that would clearly be something that we hadn't baked in and it would be a net positive. 
Philippe Krakowsky: On the large client, there's -- we don't speak for our clients. We don't disclose proprietary information. And that's obviously as it should be. So I'm not sure there's much we can add to the news that's out there already. I think what I would point out to you is it's a significant and important ongoing relationship with us. So this is a client with whom we continue to do medical communications where public relations work globally. It was a sizable consolidation last year. We were obviously very proud of the talent that helped us win the creative assignment. And the client, as we understand it, and as I said, it's what's in the public domain, they've chosen to evolve their marketing model. They're looking to rapidly drive change within their organization. So that's a decision that we understand. And in terms of trying to dimensionalize that for you or the magnitude of that shift, I mean, I think it's fair to say our best estimate is baked into the remarks that we've shared with you in terms of expectations for the full year organic. So barring this news, I think we'd be very comfortable at the upper end of our target growth range. And now we're telling you we think that will be challenging, but we're still in the 1% to 2% band. And we're going to be very thoughtful about supporting the client through a transitional period. So I think that you'll see some of that impact or deceleration in the back half of the year for us and then some in the early part of '25, but I can't really unpack it for you more than that. And then on M&A, I guess I'd say that we're -- we've got strength in commerce -- some of our CRM agencies, we've got strength in commerce at media brands where we're using Acxiom data, empowering the unified retail media solution. We're seeing that grow well. As I called out, we're seeing adoption across a number of clients, but incremental scale in commerce in the digital transformation area. I think, in digital services, an observation, I guess, would be that deep engineering capabilities and scale are growing in importance in those areas. And so when I talk about our asset mix, you've seen where our strong assets that are very future forward have meaningfully benefited the group as a whole. So that's a place where we see the opportunity to both get bigger, be bigger, and it's where there's demand on the client side. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. So on health care, I'd say IPG Health, in all likelihood, largest in the space, recognized as a leader in the space; to your point, accretive to our overall results for some time and very, very broad penetration. We work with pretty much every major pharmaceutical company in the world. There's opportunity there because we've got a range of agencies inside of that group. And as long as you are servicing the client in a -- without any sort of direct competition at the drug or therapeutic area level, there's continued opportunity there. And then we also have media competence embedded their data and analytics, which we're obviously looking to connect more closely to those horizontal enterprise-wide capability layers that we've been putting in place. So that represents opportunity. So I think that Health performed well, and we continue to see that as something. We also have health care inside of PR. We have it inside of our Media operations as well, large health care clients. I'm not sure I'm tracking to your question around data and experiential flat because we sort of -- they sit in different segments.  As we've always said, the Acxiom data and capabilities are very closely embedded to the very strong media performance because it informs the product and the way that we deliver in that space. And then on the sort of experiential side, which is in the smallest of our segment and specialized, we did talk about the fact that we've got a couple of those brands performing well and one of them, which did not have a strong quarter, but I'm not sure that I can get to where you see that as flat or how that is going to inform our view. I think we still see those all as areas that are secularly, as it were, stronger and should continue to be accretive to our growth. 
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean, look, they have been. And as we said, we see them continuing to. We see PR performing well as well. 
Philippe Krakowsky: I guess maybe we'll do the latter first because it's relatively straightforward. You see the size it represents relative to our overall. So in absolute terms, in a small quarter, you're not talking about a huge dollar amount. And it was just small -- there's no one event that took place. It was a lot of smaller cuts with a broad range of clients across the region and the exception being India, where we have significant scale and a lot of very strong agency brands and capabilities. I mean, I'm not sure, Ellen, if there's anything else on Asia that... 
Philippe Krakowsky: And then the AI question is obviously a very broad one. And on our last call and even in the prepared remarks, we talked a bit about the extent to which it has been part of our business for some time in the places where you have more data, a more precision, the ability to do addressable work, a lot of modeling doing -- being done to identify not only audiences but business opportunity.  So it's really baked into what we do in our media business, what we've been doing, obviously, at Acxiom for a long time. And then for some of our larger clients where we do integrated solutions that use the breadth of IPG and our engine. I think the thing that is clearly evolving, and maybe it's just an opportunity to talk a little bit about kind of what we announced with Adobe is how and to what extent do you -- you want the benefit of what the creative parts of the business and ideation brings to the party because clients' brands are so valuable and the way in which they leverage that IP is so important.  And yet, any part of what we do, if it's not connected to a larger hole and if it's not increasingly quantifiable, risks being less valuable over time. And so for us, the connectivity that GenStudio gives us -- I was sort of talking about that content supply chain technology. So it integrates Gen AI in a way where literally any piece of content we produce for a client how it's created, where we store it, how teams share it and gets passed back and forth approved, iterated often with the use of AI. All of that happens in one place. And then we connect that into what we're doing with Acxiom and Kinesso and what we've been doing with data. So then when you tag it, when you push it out to the segments that you've identified, we have the ability to link up all that information and then we can really understand kind of creative effectiveness in a way that we haven't before, right? How often was the asset used? How do consumers react to it or interact with it? So clearly, AI is going to give us this incremental layer in these solutions that we build for clients. And so for more of our creative agencies for the experiential and PR agencies are leaning in. And so what you're trying to do is demonstrate that you can connect the data layer to content. And then iterate and optimize that content and then connect it all the way through to an event to commerce.  I think, as with any tech, there is lots of focus. We've talked about how we're beyond the point where we're experimenting with it. We're actually implementing it pretty broadly across the board with lots of clients and also bringing them up to speed on how it gets used. But we're clearly looking at things that could be disruptive. And yet as an industry, we've fared pretty well in the past when there have been disruptive technologies that have come along going back 15 years ago to the advent of the platforms. 
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean, look, I think we've always been very disciplined in the way that we approach this. And I think that notwithstanding the fact that obviously the -- you need something which strategically is going to, as I said, enhanced capabilities or be complementary to what we do in the areas where we're seeing more demand from clients, but we're always going to be disciplined in keeping some of the parameters you laid out in mind. And even the onetime when we did something very, very significant for us, and we've had competitors who -- or kind of much more consistently in market for deals at that scale and that I don't think that's what we're talking about here. You saw us be very thoughtful about -- and disciplined in terms of delevering and in terms of sort of how we incorporated that into the group. So I don't know that I can give you a specific guideline. It's also not going to impact, as I said, our commitment to capital return. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I think to your point, it's not news in that this is something that was announced and that has now been delayed a number of times. I think marketers have been thinking about and asking for advice on how it is that we're going to continue to get the benefits of a certain kind of data. And again, I think people have become much more sophisticated over time and understanding that there are also limitations to proxy data or many clients have been much more focused on leveraging their own first-party data and creating their own identity graph and having, I'd say, more control over their own destiny or more autonomy when it comes to operating in this world where you've got all sorts of disparate data sources and obviously, the kinds of changes that were announced yesterday. So given the strength of our data capabilities, we've been ready for this for some time. We think it probably represents incremental opportunity. And then it hasn't really changed conversations with marketers because we've been thinking through how it is that you use cohorts, how it is that you find, as I said, ways to leverage your own first-party data or do data sharing, create -- and create sort of second-party data pool with any number of partners. So I don't see it as a particularly dramatic development. I don't think our people do. 
Philippe Krakowsky: See, as I can't help you on the first one because as you know it's not really a -- Ellen can unpack the latter for you in detail. 
Philippe Krakowsky: And given the nature of the work that we do, there's definitely an increased need for -- we've always talked about integration of services and open architecture. But now as we're saying, you're talking about the need to centralize some of these horizontal capabilities at scale, a data layer, a production and GenAI sort of driven content layer.  Clearly, what Kinesso does for us in terms of activating that data into the media ecosystem. And so it does just shift where the focus is and the fact that you need folks at the center, who can operate things at that scale and get the agencies plugged into that. So it's just going to be a shift inside of our model. To Ellen's point, it's factored into our thinking. 
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Sue. Thank you all for the time. Obviously, some progress but work in progress. So we look forward to reporting back again next quarter. 
