Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you, all, for joining us for our review of our third quarter and 9 months 2012 results. As usual, I'll begin by covering key highlights and developments. Frank will then provide additional financial detail. I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by the Q&A. Beginning with revenue in the quarter, our organic decrease of 0.9% was made up of 5.2% International growth and a 5.4% decrease in the U.S. These results reflect greater caution on the part of our clients, particularly in September, headwinds from 2011 losses and extremely challenging third quarter comparisons. As you recall, our industry-leading growth of 8.7% in last year's third quarter was driven by 10% growth in the U.S. and benefited from a revenue shift of $26 million from Q2 into Q3. In addition, we continue to see the impact from last year's account losses, which was 2.5% in the quarter, also notably, in the consumer goods sector, and in the U.S., that number was approximately 4%. In the U.S., we had growth at our media businesses, our digital agencies and the marketing service specialists in our CMG segment, as well as a number of our integrated U.S. independents. From a sector perspective, we grew in the auto and financial services verticals while the softness that we noted on our second quarter call in the pharma and retail sectors continued in Q3. The solid International results were on top of an outstanding performance in several markets a year ago. We were led by a U.K. market with an organic increase of 25%, which included several large assignments related to the Olympics. The Asia Pac region had solid growth on top of a 15% increase a year ago. In LatAm, organic growth was flat from last year. But it's worth noting that Q3 last year featured over 20% growth in LatAm, and the region is up almost 10% organically year-to-date in 2012. Turning to expenses. Our results in the quarter reflect careful and effective cost management. Sequentially, from Q2 to Q3, all of our major expense categories were flat or decreased. The only exception was pass-through expenses, which are directly offset in revenue, and this was due to our high volume of Olympic projects connected to the London games. Q3 operating profit was $131 million, and operating margin was 7.9%. Profit performance in the prior year period was the best of any third quarter in our company's history, which made for another tough comp. Q3 diluted earnings per share of $0.15 compares to $0.16 in Q3 '11, excluding the impact of our Facebook transaction a year ago. In the third quarter, we continued to drive value from our balance sheet. We repurchased approximately 8 million shares in the quarter for $83 million. This brings our repurchases to 19 million shares and 201 million through the 9 months. Over the past 12 months, we put approximately $600 million to work in the form of share repurchases, dividends and retiring long-term debt. Diluted shares in the quarter decreased 15% from last year's third quarter, due to our share repurchases and elimination of a convertible debt issue earlier this year, as well as dilution from our convertible preferred shares last year. Looking ahead, Q4 is always critical since it is our seasonally largest quarter and our most significant profit contributor. We expect to achieve revenue and profit growth in the fourth quarter. With respect to the full year, we anticipate positive organic revenue performance. Given our growth through the 9 months and client caution, we now expect a lower rate of growth for the year than we have previously targeted. In 2012, we will see year-on-year improvement with respect to operating margin. On a trailing 12 months to September 30, our margin increased 30 basis points. This demonstrates that we can enhance profitability at lower rates of revenue growth. Once again, Q4 will be key, but we believe that with organic revenue growth of at least 1% for the full year and a continued focus on cost, a 50 basis point improvement in operating margin remains attainable. By the end of the fourth quarter, we will finish cycling the impact of last year's account losses on our top line. Consequently, we're confident that we will be in a position to grow at the rate of our industry in 2013. Our track record of cost discipline means that with competitive growth, we are well positioned to achieve further margin expansion, ultimately, to our stated goal of fully competitive profitability. We continue to repurchase our shares and have additional accretive opportunities in our debt profile available to us over the next 9 months to drive incremental value creation. Now I'll turn it over to Frank and after his remarks, I'll return with some observations on the tone of our business at our agencies.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, as we already noted, during the third quarter, the combination of increased client caution, deep comps, especially in the U.S., and headwinds from 2011 client losses, again concentrated in the U.S., outweighed our growth internationally and at a number of our agencies. The momentum at Mediabrands and across the CMG portfolio continues to be positive. Those agencies are picking up new assignments, building leading-edge digital expertise and winning market share, particularly at Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris. We are also seeing strong performance at R/GA and HUGE, as well as within the digital capabilities embedded throughout all our agencies, including the U.S. independents. Draftfcb has made progress in replacing revenue from 2 large client losses, developing its offering in digital and marketing services and effectively managing cost. Lowe continues to build on its leadership position with Unilever and is a top creative network focused on emerging markets. The transformation at McCann continues. Major clients are increasingly seeing the best of its integrated marketing solutions, and we are committed to supporting this great brand by investing in its talent and its resources. New business performance this year is on a more solid footing, and we were net new business positive through the third quarter. Year-to-date, performance in the BRIC markets has been very strong with growth north of 12% on top of an even better performance in 2011. Relative to our peers, we are very competitively represented in emerging economies in our revenue mix, so we should continue to enjoy the benefits of being in those high-growth markets. We have outstanding agencies in India and Brazil across all our global networks. Brazil and Argentina are also providing to be promising markets for our digital agencies and a great source of digital talent. As we said before, our investment in China will largely be organic through talent acquisition and development. The other high-growth area of the business is digital. We continue to see significant progress across the portfolio. This is an area that has contributed very good growth year-to-date. We'll stay focused on adding to our capabilities through hiring and training, as well as incubation of new capabilities, such as MAP, our digital audience platform and automated trading desk. We'll also support further international expansion for R/GA and HUGE on top of a tactical digital M&A activity at our major global networks. To reiterate, we expect to see organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter and to achieve positive organic revenue performance for the full year. We're committing to delivering year-on-year improvement in operating margin for 2012. From the second to the third quarter of this year, we continue to demonstrate strong expense management. In fact, over the past 12 months, organic cost increases have lagged organic revenue growth. Therefore, as mentioned earlier, a 50 basis point improvement in operating margin remains attainable with annual organic revenue growth of at least 1%. It's worth noting that our 2012 incentive compensation plans were built around the revenue and margin targets we set going into this year. So accountability for performance against these goals is very much in place. Looking forward, we should be going into 2013 in a much better position than we did this year. We're positioned to achieve competitive growth, which, in turn, will allow us to deliver further margin expansion. We've also called out additional opportunities in our debt profile that will present themselves in the next 9 months, and our share repurchases and dividend programs will continue to be strong drivers of value creation. While this year has proven to be more challenging on revenue than anticipated, we continue to manage the business effectively. The quality of our offerings is sound, and we're focused on making improvements where and when required. We have great digital expertise and precedents -- presence in high-growth emerging markets. Above all, our ability to help clients manage in an increasingly complex consumer and media landscape represent a significant opportunity. These factors position us well for the balance of this year and to create shareholder value in the years to come. Thank you. I will open up the floor now to questions.
Michael I. Roth: Alexia, we were positive in July and August in terms of organic growth. So frankly, the decline in September was a bit of a surprise to us. But frankly, we're seeing that in the whole industry. I think we've seen it in all of our peers who I've mentioned. Obviously, that's -- there wasn't any one specific items that caused that, and what we're seeing as a general tone is this concern and uncertainty with respect to the macroeconomic environment. And I think, not just our industry, I think we've seen it in -- with respect to all industries, that we're seeing caution in terms of expenditures. And until this macro uncertainty is removed, I think we can't say with certainty what the outcome is going to be. That said, the fourth quarter has traditionally been our strongest quarter. And remember, last year, in the third quarter, we had this shift from the second quarter into the third quarter of a single item of around $28 million, which distorted the comps. So I think what we're seeing is consistent with what the industry is taking into account. Our comps of last year had some client losses. And we're cautious, but as I indicated, what we're saying is with at least 1% organic growth for the year, we should be able to expand our margin to, at least, a 50 basis point mark that we had indicated. But there's some uncertainty out there, and I think we're just going to have to manage our business. The cost controls that we have within our company, I think, are coming through very strongly, and you see that. And of course, our model is a vary based -- variable cost-based model, which is how you see the change in our incentive comp which reflects it. Remember, our businesses are compensated, including the corporate, by the way, on revenue and margin. So when you see a pullback in either of those 2, then there's adjustments in our incentive comp. That's how our model is built, and that's how our forecast and our modeling, going forward, takes into consideration.
Michael I. Roth: Remember, a lot of our project business is in the fourth quarter. And December is the critical month. If you remember, historically, whenever you look at whether there were good years or bad years -- and certainly, that -- not that I think we're in that position. But when we saw 2008, December is where it really came -- basically, the project business stopped, okay? We don't expect that to happen, but certainly, December is a critical month. So what we see in October and November is much the business as usual, and we just sort of see how it comes out in December. And we won't have visibility into that until we're close to it.
Michael I. Roth: This doesn't start if -- the basic thrust of your question is this doesn't start tomorrow, all right? And at the end in the second quarter, we did our bottoms up, and we said we better be careful with our cost increases. So we started managing those cost items that potentially are variable at the end of the second quarter, and that's -- and you're seeing some of that right in the third quarter. So I think that's a good example of how we are -- we have visibility into the cost side of our business, and we take actions as quickly as we can to make sure that the impact of those actions that we take are felt as soon as possible.
Michael I. Roth: No. I think that's one of the great stories of our company, and that is we have a very strong balance sheet. We continue to anticipate that to be the case. And certainly, by year end and -- we continue to have, what, an excess cash position and financial flexibility on our financing. And as we indicated, we're committed to the buyback program. And we see that as a great indication to our shareholders that we're committed to enhancing shareholder value, and therefore, that's why we put in the buyback program and the dividend in the first place. And we see no reason at this point to change our views on that.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I mean, what you -- there are a number of things that you're seeing in the pharma business. One of note, of course, is the consolidations that are out there. And frankly, we -- pharma is a very important sector to us, and health care is 15%. And we continue to view that as an opportunity for us, evidenced by the acquisitions that we've made in that category. So what we're experiencing right now is the -- a lot of these drugs are coming off patent, but there is a pipeline of new drugs and launches. And frankly, we are experiencing some wins in terms of new products going to market, and this is on a global basis. And so I think it continues to be an important sector for us. And I think as we move out into 2013 and beyond, pharma will come back in these launches of new products, and we certainly have the capability within that sector to compete very effectively and add to our growth as a result of it. I might add -- I know the questions are going to be on new clients. The J&J consolidation was out there, and we had -- I know Jerry had a lot of questions on it. So let me cover some of it right now. Good news for us on J&J, particularly on the media side, we mentioned in the last quarter that J&J had a review going with respect to its European media. I don't know if it's been out in the press yet, but we did pick up incremental -- and on that one, we weren't really doing any European media business for J&J, and we were successful in picking up new markets with respect to that review. So we're very excited about that, and it shows how strong our relationship with J&J is on the media side. So the next question is we do have a review on the U.S. side of the media, but I think the fact that we've picked up incremental business in Europe is a strong indication of our relationship on J&J and how they view our media offerings. So we're comfortable with that review as it proceeds. On the consumer brand review that they had, again, our strength in J&J is in the ACUVUE, in the pharma business and the media business. We had some consumer brands, particularly Tylenol, that we did lose. But again, the overall strength of our J&J business is in the other sectors.
Michael I. Roth: Well, Magna put out a -- they put out their release, did they not? Yes, okay. I'm sorry. They did pull back slightly in terms of the macro impact on a global basis. So I think that's really what we're -- frankly, what we're seeing. The conversations that we've been having with our multinational clients, of course, is caution. But they also are viewing this as an opportunity, so -- which is exactly why you're seeing some strength in the emerging markets, because that's where our clients see the battle to be won or lost. So we are seeing very strong conversations about how they can either launch products or gain market share in those markets. And what we're doing is we're putting together plans to help them effectively gain market share or launch in those areas. And so I think that conversation and our results reflect that, that they're still going on. And I don't think you're going to see major pullbacks in those markets, because what I view as our enlightened clients view this as a good opportunity to gain market share. So we're right next to them in terms of helping them to do this. Of course, there's caution, as I indicated, and particularly in Europe. But actually, when you look at our overall International results, they're positive, which, given the competitive set in that area, we're very proud of the results that we're seeing on the international markets. So I think there's caution. We're concerned. But I don't see this as wholesale cutbacks the way we've seen in the past.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I think the big one that you're referring to -- we can't really comment on specific clients. But the one that you're referring to is the Pfizer consolidation. And as we indicated, there was some impact of that. A lot of it was local business that we already do, and it's not taking into effect until the end of '13 and '14. So we don't have a lot of visibility into that right now, but frankly, it's sort of business as usual for us. So we -- as we indicated, we didn't think that's going to be a material impact for us, certainly, going into 2013. On the other side of it, we have been picking up additional product launches on a global basis, whether it be in McCann, health care or Draftfcb, and our pharma offering at J&J continues to see that as well. So although there may be some exposure as a result of the consolidation at Pfizer, we are seeing some positive impacts and wins in our other pharma sectors.
Michael I. Roth: I wouldn't mention that. First of all, I told the team I don't like to jinx thing. I'm kind of superstitious. So I'll keep it where it is right now, and we're net new business positive for the first 3 quarters.
Michael I. Roth: Well, I think if you look at our best -- past actions, when we sold the other half, the immediate thing we did was increase our authorization. I think that should give you an indication on how we view the Facebook and proceeds, if and when we realize them. My lawyers are looking at me like crazy.
Michael I. Roth: Well, let me just comment about Olympics. Down the road, it's not immediate, but obviously, in Brazil, we have some engagements with respect to the FIFA and the Olympics in place. So that's pretty exciting to see down the road. So there are opportunities. Right.
Michael I. Roth: Well, you heard my comments and saying we see opportunities on our balance sheet. That's what we were referring to.
Michael I. Roth: It's a great question. And the fact is that's where a lot of the action is taking -- look, just take a look at the increase in digital overall, and you can see how it's outpacing spend in other outlets. That doesn't mean TV and cable is not growing. It is. But "the Internet" and digital is growing at a faster rate. The notion of paid and earned media, you're spot on, on the point that our clients are looking to us to make sure that they get better reach, more effectiveness with less expenditure. And I was waiting to use this phrase on this call and I'll use it and that is that confusion is good. So this is where we earn our keep. And yes, the clients are saying, "I want to gain market share. I want to increase my exposure to the consumer base. But I want to do it in a much more efficient way." So we are seeing that, and ultimately -- and I don't -- they're looking to see more earned than paid, and it's incumbent upon us to have the tools and resources to do that. So we are seeing the impact of that, and frankly, you're seeing a lot of that. A lot of the reviews that are out there are on the media side, and the reason for it is because everyone -- they're looking for efficiencies. I might add, by the way, on the Unilever media pitch, I think that came to a close after the last announcement we had. And on that one, we retained the business we had, and we picked up some incremental business there, which also was good. But what they're looking for is for us to use all the tools and resources to be more efficient in how they spend their dollars. So it's not that they're taking the dollars and spending it elsewhere. They just want to get more for the same amount of money that they were spending. And in some cases, there's pressure on their P&L, and they're concerned about where to spend their money on a macro basis so we see some pullback. That's not the same as where we experienced before, just a total stop of marketing dollars.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I think most -- not most of it, a good part of it was here in the United States, and that was reflected in our results today. And frankly, the impact on retail is one of the areas that we've seen it. I think that's where the question of macro impact, of getting our act together in Congress and the uncertainties in terms of the fiscal cliff that we're facing, and I think you're seeing it on the retail sector. So it's likely to spill over to our caution on the part of our clients on the retail side, and so I think a portion of it is coming through there.
Michael I. Roth: Well, one of the items that's in there, frankly, that would impact it would be severance, all right. To the extent we have to take actions and we see softness in the revenue, then historically, because of our variable cost model, it comes out in headcount. So you might see some -- right now, we're using 1% in severance. So you'll see a slight tick -- pickup in severance. The rest of it is pretty consistent of what we've seen in the past.
Michael I. Roth: Let me weigh in a little bit here. We've consistently said that what we need is growth to expand margin. Remember, we're still not at competitive margins, okay? So we're in a little different position in terms of margin expansion. So when we say we need -- whether it be 1%, we can expand margin. I think what we've shown, if you look at our results through the 3 months, we've had a 30 basis point margin expansion, okay? And so the point here is that, directionally, we still have the opportunity to expand margin in a low-growth environment. To get to the competitive margin, obviously, we have to step up and have greater revenue. But for the thesis of whether we're in a position to expand our margin, then we don't need those kind of growth levels to consistently do that because of the variable cost model that we have. And if we weren't managing our costs as effectively as we are, then we couldn't make that statement. Now -- and I -- and you're seeing this in -- across all businesses now and, certainly, in the United States. The issue is a revenue issue. It's not a cost issue. Businesses have learned how to manage their cost profile. So even though people are meeting their objectives, they're meeting it by the cost side of the business, not the revenue, and that's really what's driving the macroeconomic concerns. And that is, at some point in time, we have to convert to a more growth on the revenue side than expense management. And that's the concern that I think you're seeing across all sectors. And so we see growth. We see margin expansion. But until we get real revenue pickups in terms of the macroeconomic side, that's when you see the greater expansion on the margin for us going forward, and that's a truism.
Michael I. Roth: That on margin -- with revenue growth, we continue to be able to expand margin. And yes, the answer is we can keep doing that because we have a variable cost model. And -- but it's not going to grow at the rate that we'd like it to grow in a more robust environment. That's not even a robust environment. Our Investor Day, we said 4% to 5% organic growth, okay, which is, historically, what our industry has been able to grow. And what's holding the industry from historically getting there has been the macroeconomics. Remember, our position in -- and we've proven it is that we have competitive offerings. So now it's -- we're crossing the street with the crowd looking at macroeconomics. And so in a lower growth environment, then we can still grow margin but it's not going to be at the growth rate that we would all like to see. But it's a revenue issue. It's not a cost issue.
Michael I. Roth: Well, the changes are that it's continuing -- it's not a change. It continues to be very competitive. I think we're seeing less turnover. When you have a difficult economic environment, you don't see a lot of people jumping jobs. But it's still -- that's the area that we're still seeing a lot of competitiveness in terms of recruiting. The good news is we have great agencies and great clients, so we're -- we are -- have good places for those talented people to go and feel comfortable with the work they're doing. So I think it's a challenge, but we're up to it. And if you looked at our headcount improvement or increase, if you will, on the digital side and in the media side is where we're seeing our growth. So it shows we do have the ability to hire in there. When our clients are going to see the light? If all -- if everyone gets their act together and we have resolution of all the fiscal cliff and the sequestration and all the stuff that's out there, then I think 2013 will be a pleasant surprise for everybody. And -- but we're not going to see it all of a sudden in December, the floodgates are going to open up and happy days are here again and we're looking at huge growth rates. So I think it'll happen, but it's just a question of when all these other issues, and Europe, let's not forget the issues in Europe, all come together. And if we get resolution of all this, then I think we can return to the days when we see good, solid growth in our industry, and we'll see the margin expansion that we were talking about. But it is not a light switch that all of a sudden they just open up the floodgate. Because remember, this takes a while for people to get their plans together and for us to put -- to work with them in terms of how to spend their money.
Michael I. Roth: Well, thank you very much, again. Look forward to our next earnings call, and thanks for your participation.
Frank Mergenthaler: The biggest thing, as you know, with fourth quarter being our largest revenue quarter from a seasonality perspective, you've got correlated sequential growth and expenses. We're very focused now on managing that sequential increase in costs against that revenue, right? So that's the message out for everybody is focus very hard on kind of what our run rate was coming out of Q3, be very disciplined about adding cost as that seasonal revenue comes in on -- in Q4.
Frank Mergenthaler: John, I think we've demonstrated that with any growth we've gotten leverage out of SRS, right? So if you look at trailing 12 months, we've generated 20 or 30 incremental basis point of margin as of September 30, and most of that is coming -- or a good proportion is coming out of SRS. So we're very confident, with sustained growth, we can continue to drive leverage, and that will be a key contributor to getting us to competitive margins.
Frank Mergenthaler: We don't expect this to be down sequentially, Matt. I do think -- we are expecting to see greater leverage out of it. Just because of the seasonality revenue growth, that would be very difficult to do to reduce it.
Frank Mergenthaler: I'll try again, David. For this year, as we called out in Michael's comments, that we believe with 1% growth, 50 basis points is attainable. What puts that at risk is the comment Michael just made. If, in fact, as we go through 2013 planning and revenue concerns move to next year and we need to take action with respect to headcount because it's a variable cost model, as Michael called out, there could be some severance pressure on it, right? So if we've got to take severance actions, we're going to go ahead and do that, and that may put the 50 basis points at risk.
Frank Mergenthaler: Going forward, I think we're still in the same place as where we were on Investor Day, when we put the longer-term model in front of the investment community. We were at 4% to 5% growth. We think we can get 100 basis points of margin improvement, and we're still there. So we'd like to see -- as Mike said, we're going to be competitive with respect to top line. What that means based on macroeconomic situation, we're not sure yet. We're not ready to commit to that yet. But we think with 4% to 5% growth, we can get back on the margin trajectory that we called out on the Investor Day over a year ago.
