Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us for our review of our second quarter and first half 2012 results. As usual, I'll start out by covering the key highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional details on our results and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and outlook to be followed by a Q&A. To begin with the highlights, we're pleased to report Q2's diluted earnings per share growth of 16%, along with operating margin expansion that supports our targets for the year. Our organic revenue growth in the second quarter was 0.8% and 1.7% for the first half of the year. In the U.S., our organic revenue decrease in Q2 was 3.2%. The approximate 5% impact of last year's account losses more than offset sound U.S. performance. We had growth at several of our integrated agencies and across the CMG portfolio. Our digital services continue to make strong contributions. That includes both the capabilities we built within our agencies and, of course, our digital specialty agencies. Internationally, organic growth in the second quarter was 6%. In the Asia Pac and LatAm regions, double-digit growth was due to the strength of all our global networks: Media businesses, digital capabilities and our marketing services specialists. In the U.K., we again had solid growth in Q2, while in Continental Europe, organic revenue decreased moderately due to continued macro challenges. Turning to the client sectors. We had growth during the quarter in auto and transportation, financial services and food and beverage. As expected, we had decreases in the tech and telecom and consumer goods categories. It's worth noting that absent the loss of SC Johnson, the consumer goods category showed solid growth, a sign that our U.S. business is solid. In health care, we continue to see industry-wide softness due to patent expirations and regulatory uncertainty. Retail sector revenues in the quarter decreased due to some pullback from existing clients. These trends weighed particularly heavy on our U.S. revenue in the quarter. For the year-to-date, we are net new business positive. I'll cover specific wins when I provide detail on the agencies in my closing remarks. But we've seen good results thus far this year in major pitches, such as Bank of America, Unilever, as well as with growth with current clients like Microsoft and General Motors. While first half revenue growth is below our full-year objectives, we are targeting a stronger second half and our full-year objective continues to be 3% organic growth. Moving to operating expenses and margin, our results continue to reflect careful and effective cost management, along with disciplined investment in the growth areas of our businesses, through talent acquisition and development as well as targeted M&A activity. Q2 operating margin increased 30 basis points to 10.3%. For the first half of 2012, our operating margin was also up 30 basis points compared to a year ago. On a trailing 12-month basis, our operating margin increased to 9.9%, which is once again the highest level of 12-month profitability that IPG has posted in over a decade. We are well-positioned to deliver on our 2012 objective of 50 basis points or more of margin improvement. Q2 diluted earnings per share were $0.22, an improvement of 16% from a year ago. Diluted shares decreased 13% as a result of our share repurchase program and the elimination of the convertible notes retired earlier this year. We continue to place a priority on returning capital to shareholders in the quarter. During the second quarter, we repurchased another 6 million shares, bringing our first half total to 11 million shares. Along with our quarterly common stocks dividend, we returned over $170 million to shareholders in the first half of 2012. Given the seasonality of our cash flows, we are planning to increase our share repurchase activity in the second half of 2012. With that as an overview, I'll turn things over to Frank who will take us through our financial performance.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, Alexi. Well first of all, as I say indicated, the pullback in the U.S., we had approximate 5% headwinds in the U.S. as you know, notably from the loss of Microsoft on the media side and SC Johnson. And that's reflected in the sectors that we're focusing. The additional pullback was in particular with respect to retail. We saw a specific pullback at some of our retail clients, as well as health care. I think health care, everyone has seen that because of patents coming off-line and some regulatory issues, we've seen some pullback. So if you look at it, I think it is -- from a combination point of view of the headwinds, which are significant and the particular pullbacks in those lines of a -- those particular companies in those sectors, that accounts for the reduction, if you will, in organic growth in the U.S. If you pull those out, and obviously they're there, and we recognize we have to deal with that, but our businesses otherwise, are solid in terms of growth. If you look at financial services, they grew, food and beverage grew, auto and transportation grew. And obviously, as I indicated, consumer goods -- if you just it add back SC Johnson we had a good growth in the quarter. So I think the sense is that, there's nothing fundamentally wrong with our business offerings in the U.S, and our pipeline is solid and our businesses are performing. It's just taking us a little bit longer to cycle-through those headwinds. For the second half of the year, we're expecting 2.5% to 3% of headwinds throughout the second half. We don't do it by quarter, Alexia. But by year end, we will cycle-through all of that.
Michael I. Roth: I wish I could tell you it was all just a timing difference, but I think a lot of it is subject to the macroeconomic environment. So let's assume some of it is timing, and let's assume some of it may be some type of pullback for the year. But we'll see how -- frankly, we'll know that in the in 4Q when obviously those are very sectors strong for us, and we'll see a real sense of their spend. We already have seen some pickups, if you will, in some fall programs, and we've seen some recent wins in those categories. So I'm cautiously optimistic.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. McCann had a solid quarter for us, and I didn't mean to exclude them. I think the transformation of McCann is moving on. We've made some personnel changes that are very strong in terms of taking us into the future. We've had our operating review with Nick and the team, and they're confident in their ability to deliver on their results. And we support them in terms of some of the acquisitions we've been doing are in support of their offerings, particularly in the health care side of the business, which is very solid. The Worldgroup piece of the business, particularly Momentum and MRM, have very strong offerings, and with the personnel changes and the movements we're making our offerings in McCann, we are comfortable with the transition, and we are watching it go forward. So frankly, the results in the quarter were solid for McCann.
Michael I. Roth: Let me take Pitney Bowes. In the interest of full disclosure, I'm on the Board of Pitney Bowes. By the way, there was -- I can officially say this, there was no connection between my involvement of this and the relationship with IPG and Pitney Bowes. We have ORION Trading, which is one of our successful units part of the Mediabrands. They have very strong unique offerings, particularly in the broader side of the business. They saw a niche in terms of the ability to provide some outsourcing of printing facilities and frankly, they were looking for a partner that can deliver on a global basis and Pitney Bowes was able to do that. I think it's a unique offering. We think there's a huge opportunity for us in terms of servicing clients. This isn't necessarily just for IPG. This is for an offering of ORION Trading to the marketplace. So it's a unique offering. We already have some business in the pipeline, but that one is just a new offering. We're excited about it. We're particularly excited, I am, that it relates to Pitney Bowes. But we will see that as it unfolds. It's a very unique offering. It provide savings on the printing side, and so far it's been well-received in the marketplace. As far as the organic challenges for us, look, the U.S. is still -- obviously, it provides 57% of our revenue for the first 6 months, and generally that's where we are for the full-year. It's an important part of our offering. Our independents as well as our global networks have strong offerings in the United States, as well as the rest of our businesses, marketing services, PR, and these are very solid offerings and they're performing well. We are very comfortable with these offerings. If you look at the macroeconomic environment, the United States growth, depending on whose forecasting you use, is in the low single-digit numbers. And so what we put out for the year of 3% organic growth reflects those type of markets as well as cycling-through our headwinds that we had from lost clients. Obviously, a significant part of our growth comes from our existing client base. We have a couple of new wins that we've announced. We have a couple that are yet to be announced, and we have some pitches out there that we're in the finals on. So all of this, as we roll it all up, count on a recovery, a growth in the United States but not as large as we are seeing in the emerging markets. Asia Pac, Latin America, we've seen strong double-digit growth, and that's consistent with where we're forecasting from a global perspective. So if you look at our business, you see our business lining up pretty much where the growth in the world is, and we're falling in line with that's -- tells us that we're very competitive in all of those markets. And as a result, we're comfortable with the numbers that we're putting out there.
Michael I. Roth: Well, a lot of it has to do with our comps to last year. I mean, for example, we were just looking at this morning, Brazil, we were up organically 50%. That's a pretty good number. If I can [indiscernible] we can grow our business 50% every quarter, I'd be a happy camper. So a part of it has to do with our comps, but we do believe solid double-digit growth is consistent with the macro forecast that we're seeing, and we're delivering on those kind of results and frankly, in some markets better. So I think that will -- that clearly is consistent with the marketplace. We always have to put in the caveat of the macroeconomic. We had some good news this morning in terms of the European issues, but we don't -- that's today's news, who knows what's going to tomorrow. So that's why we always say we're cautious because obviously, this will spill over to other markets if it doesn't -- if we don't solve these problems. But our numbers are consistent with the global forecasting that we've seen out there.
Michael I. Roth: We've always said, John, if we see slight organic growth, we can expand margins. And I think we said that on Investor Day when you asked the same question. And I think, we've shown our ability to manage our expenses very carefully. Now in order to continue to grow margin in a lower growth environment, we have to be able to do that. And I think if you look at our track record, you've seen us do that. So we're very comfortable with our ability to manage our margins in even a small growth environment, okay. And I think this quarter is a perfect example of how that works. We're ahead of the issue. We knew we had some headwinds. We knew we lost some business. We have to take some costs out of the business and as we pick up new business, we add staff and we only add staff as it follows the revenue. So I think -- I hope we're getting credibility on the ability to manage even in a lower growth environment. As far as retail being a leading indicator, certainly, some of this is unique to specific clients, if you will, and their challenges in terms of margin improvement and footprint. Some retailers are using this as an opportunity to gain market share. So although with some leading indicators certainly on the consumer side, I wouldn't use it as a major indicator for our global revenue.
Michael I. Roth: Now, if I might add. If you look at our footprint in terms of real estate footprint, I think we've always said we've done a tremendous job on that, but we keep seeing new opportunities. And I think our results for this quarter are reflective of the fact that when we see opportunities to consolidate space, to be more efficient in terms of fee per square foot per individual, we've been doing a great job in that, and we're seeing the effects of that, and we keep doing it and we expect to continue to keep our eye on those opportunities.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I think it's a fair question. We looked at June and that's where we see -- we saw a big impact on the U.S. side of the business. That's where, frankly, the specific client spend that we were looking for really showed up. So hopefully, as I indicated, some of that is timing, and we'll see a pickup on that. I think as the economy unfolds for the rest of the year, that will decide whether that pullback is greater or less for the rest of the year. But it was in June, and mainly it was in the U.S.
Michael I. Roth: Well, that's why we say we've been a little bit less in the first half, and we expect to ramp it up in the second half. We have a $300 million authorization from our Board. We never said that we were going to take the whole $300 million and do it all in one year. But it looks like we're spending a fair amount of it and if you read into my statement, that would be a little more aggressive in the second half of the year, that's exactly what it means. So if we spend $118 million to $120 million in the first half of the year, and I indicated that we'll going to be a little more aggressive in the second year half, then our intention is to be more aggressive. So I think you can interpolate from that.
Michael I. Roth: Well the Board can do it anytime they want. But we like to do this on a regular basis. So come next year, we will take a look at our authorizations, obviously, on the dividend, as well as the buyback. We've had some healthy discussions with our investor base as to their preference, as to whether dividends make more sense than buybacks. At that point in time, we'll make a presentation to our Board, and they will make a determination of what we do with our cash flow and any excess cash we have on our balance sheet. And we'll be responsive to what the marketplace is looking at. Of course, we have to be sensitive to any potential changes in tax law as to whether dividends are preferable to buybacks. All of that gets factored in. We also have a little thing that we call Facebook investment. If you recall the last time when we did have an opportunity to sell our Facebook shares, we used that as an opportunity to use of the entire proceeds from that transaction to increase our authorization. In November, our restrictions on our Facebook shares come off, and we're free to do whatever we decide to do. We've indicated that our Facebook investment is not strategic and will be opportunistic in the marketplace, and what we do with the proceeds if and when we sell, will be up to our Board and the market conditions. So that's another avenue we have in terms of returning money to our shareholders.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I think what we said was, we said for the second half of the year, not by quarter, we have 2.5%to 3% as it rolls off. By December all of it will have rolled off, and we'll start 2013 a fresh. We don't --
Michael I. Roth: Well, we had 8.5% revenue in the third quarter last year. That's a pretty tough comp in this environment and last year in the third quarter, if you recall last year our second quarter, we had some Latin American revenue that flipped from the second quarter to the third quarter, and that was in that comp number last year. So what that says is we continue to be bullish about our outlook for Brazil and Latin America. We have a tough comp, but we still think the businesses there are solid across-the-board. And for the year, we're comfortable with how it falls into our overall numbers.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. By the way, that's just a guideline. If we see some really attractive transaction out there that we can't pass on, we'll look at it. But so far we haven't seen that.
Michael I. Roth: What's encouraging is that our acquisitions are across-the-board. All our different segments and agencies on a global basis are -- obviously, they're digital. We've had some search companies in the mix. We have health care companies. We have PR companies, we have digital companies both in Europe and Latin America and India. So I like the fact that we're spending our money where the money -- where the growth is, and that's obviously good, and we're enhancing our offerings where we need it. So in McCann, for example, the question was about McCann, we added to their health care offerings, if you will. We added or we will be adding something, hopefully, in the digital capabilities in Europe. So I think this is a good opportunity for us to enhance our overall offerings and there are some transactions that are there that we find very attractive.
Michael I. Roth: Sure. It's always scary. CMG, we like to think of CMG as a retainer base recurring model. And we're doing a lot of things particularly in the PR side and the event side that will enable them to do that, but we still have a long way to go. So we have what is known as to be generating where the business that we hopefully identify, but having yet realized. And in the CMG space that's a big number because that's the nature of that business. It is project-oriented and what's interesting is every year, we go through the angst of going through that and every year, they do great. And that's a credit to our people both at Weber Shandwick and now GolinHarris is rolling out on a global basis and having great traction. Jack Morton, as well as Octagon and FutureBrands are having very solid years. And -- but it's a -- and that was sort of bite your fingernail business. But for -- we're very fortunate when you have best in class offerings, they continue to deliver, and I don't see any reason why they shouldn't continue to do that. They're gaining market share. It's not just growth in the business. When you look at our competitor's results, particularly in the PR side, where we do have some visibility into what our competitors are doing, I think you continually see Weber Shandwick outperform our competitors on the PR side, and that's a tribute to that business.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I mean, like I said we're counting on a stronger back half of the year, and certainly some of the wins that we've already achieved are in those numbers. Frankly, there's a couple of wins in there that we haven't announced, that we hope to see flow-through, if you will, particularly in the fourth quarter, and hopefully, we'll be able to announce some of those wins as well. So we don't just pick of these numbers out of the air. Each of our business units do a roll up of where their pipeline is and where their new business flows in, and that's how we develop the numbers that we use. So clearly, new business is an important part of it. The real strength in our company is growth from our existing businesses, and that's where it's at. And like I said, in some of our existing clients, we already see some fourth quarter campaigns that we're going to be working on, which is giving us some comfort obviously as we go forward.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, actually we will see a small Olympic bump, particularly on the event side of the business because that's where you see it. And we will see a small bump, but it's not going to make the year, if you will. But it's nice to see, and we're excited about it.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I mean, that's a great question. Obviously, certainly, that's a question that our Board asked. If some softness [indiscernible] acquisitions, so it's a fair question. Look, we think health care is a very important -- we're very strong, first of all, in our offerings. All of global networks, Lowe, Draftfcb and McCann have very strong health care offerings. We have strong health care offerings on the PR side of the business as well, as well as the event business. So we see that as a very important segment of what we do. And, frankly, yes, there will be new drugs coming down the pipeline. Just to give you an idea, health care is about 15% of our overall business, which is a nice sector for us. And yes, there's consolidation in that business but the research extending through all of these things are an important piece of this. And we have the digital offerings, if you will, and the data to help our clients in that environment. So it's not just patents pulling off the line here. And yes, some of our clients are pulling back in that area, but we are trying to help them. We're here to help and certainly the recent transactions that we've been doing on research and the data and the digital part of it goes along those lines. So we still think it's a great growth opportunity for us. McCann health care, for example, is doing very well, as well as our other health cares. And we see some unique pullbacks because of specific drugs, and hopefully, we'll see them turn that around.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, we're doing it, obviously. It's -- This is some -- a bump, but I don't give out the number. It's not a material number. Frankly, we're more excited about what's happening in Brazil. The FIFA Cup, we see, is a big opportunity for us. We have strong offerings down there. We've already won some assignments for the FIFA Cup and we're going to have a very strong presence there, as well as the Olympics in Latin America. So frankly, we're looking more forward to those Olympics and what we're seeing here in the U.K. As you know, as you may not know, McCann did the advertising for the McCann -- for the London Olympics. Wasn't a big revenue generator for us, but it gave us more exposure and that's what we're looking for in that market, particular marketplace. So Olympics is a good thing for us. It's a good chance for us to meet some clients and work with them, but it isn't a big revenue enhancer for us.
Michael I. Roth: And, Michael, and that's why -- it's not just because we had a little issue in the second quarter that we talked this way. When we were overperforming in the first quarter, we said the same thing, all right. You have to look at this business on a full year basis. We don't have -- our clients aren't interested in our quarterly performance, okay? And it doesn't come in at a level basis. So it really doesn't make sense. And I know you have to put together a model. I know you have to extend out what this all looks like. But we truly manage our business on a full-year basis. Our expense profiles are on a full-year basis, our revenue forecasting, our new -- everything is on a full-year basis. So it kind of frustrating. Put it in context, and I said this last year, I'll say it again. If you look at our quarter, we had $1.7 billion of revenue in the quarter. The differential is $35 million, if you were to take a consensus number on the revenue number versus where we're at. $35 million in the quarter on $1.7 billion for a full year. It's not insignificant in the quarter, but for the full year, we managed our business and all of these gets factored into it, which is why even in the first quarter, when we outperformed, we stuck to our target of 3% organic growth, and everyone kept saying, "Well, why aren't you upping that?" And the answer was we weren't upping it because we know we have headwinds. We know that this is a full-year business, and that's how we manage our business. So I wish I could tell you what is going to be in the third quarter, but we can't.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John, we've seen it. If you look year-to-date, we have seen SRS in the trailing 12 months, we've got 70 to 80 basis points of incremental leverage. So that's there as you well know, that is going to be a key component of us closing the gap between our current margin performance and competitive margins. We're getting the point in O&G, especially, in occupancy. We'll continue to focus on it, but most of the runway going forward is going to have to be in the SRS area, and we have seen progress.
Frank Mergenthaler: Correct. Correct. We said 3% for the year, first half weighted. So first half is in the 3.5% range that will incur the back half is, something less than 3%. And to Michael's point, we haven't given any color around quarters. That's for the back half of the year.
Frank Mergenthaler: Ben, we had said about $200 million of new money for the year, that's still probably pretty good number.
Frank Mergenthaler: And to your comment about underspending last year, the reason we underspent there was a number of transactions that were deep into the pipeline, they just didn't close until this year. So the pipeline has been on -- has been consistently robust, actually for the past 3 years.
Frank Mergenthaler: Michael, your comment about the third quarter is exactly right. It was the strongest revenue growth and margin growth we've seen here in a decade. So we're looking, talking full-year for the back half of the year, would have put -- it would put a lot of that, the growth pressure on the fourth quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: We have said 37% for the full year was a reasonable number, and we still think that's a reasonable number. We had a number of discrete items this quarter that pushed it down to 32, 33, but 37 is probably a good number for the year. And on the NOLs, you're exactly right. We were overweight in the NOLs in Europe, Europe profitably is key to that. And with Europe down on revenue, utilization will probably be stressed a bit.
