Michael I. Roth: Look, I don't think there is any question that there appears to be a disconnect between what's happening in the market and business. If you look at how we finished the fourth quarter, the tone of our business was solid. That said, as we look into 2016, everyone on a global basis is watching this very carefully and are concerned about the future direction of the global economy. Our business is subject to changes in macroeconomics. And that's why we've put a tone of caution in terms of our forecast for 2016. That said, we haven't seen major pullbacks by our clients. We do our budgeting on a zero-up basis. We take all of our agencies. They look at their book of business. They look at what they anticipate based on conversations with our clients. They put some levels of caution in those numbers. They also put some levels of optimism in terms of to-be-generated revenue. It's not an exact science and – which is why if you look at 2015, we started the year fairly conservative. And as we went through the year, we upped our guidance, and we expanded our margin expectations. But the tone right now is okay, particularly if you look at 59% of our business is in the United States, and although we don't see high expectations in terms of growth, 3% to 4% growth in the United States enables us to expand margin by at least 50 basis points. And that's, to answer your other question, gives us a conversion around close to 30%, which is what we've always said. And if you expand the organic growth, that's where you see expansion of over the 50 basis points. So the tone of the business, at least right now, is consistent. But, again, given this volatility, it's something that we have to put some element of caution out there. And I think it would be irresponsible for us not to have done that. And certainly, you're seeing that by our competitors in terms of the numbers they're showing. Let me just comment. And Frank mentioned it, we do build in about 3% to 4%, some element of our pass-through in that guidance. So if you assume the 30-basis point to 50-basis point reduction in the pass-throughs, effectively that organic number is 3.5% to 4.5%. And let me just add that that pass-through is a direct pass-through. It's not us taking positions with respect to digital inventory, which I'm sure will be another question. As far as the headwinds and tailwinds, yeah, we had some great wins on the media side. We did have some losses. There is a change in the tone of our business, and that is because a significant part of our business growth is coming from digital. Digital business tends to be much more project-oriented. And as a result, some projects that we were able to deliver in 2015, we're not sure of repeating in 2016. So with respect to tailwinds, the tailwinds are in a specific, as we've said going into 2015. That said, we do have tailwinds, but I wouldn't equate them to as high a number as we had in 2015. But the other side of it, given our performance on the digital side, we believe our offerings are so strong that we'll see a project-based business continue in 2016.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah. Look, we went into 2015 assuming plus or minus 1% in Continental Europe. We actually ended up on a full-year basis up 1%, a little bit over.
Michael I. Roth: So for our forecast for 2016 is very similar to how we went into 2015. I might add, we did increase some margin in Continental Europe which shows if we have revenue we can expand margin. The second half of year of Brazil was better than the first half of the year. We had some hiccups in Brazil in the first half of the year. We're not assuming a big recovery in Brazil. But we do see offsets in the rest of Latin America which is why we believe we should have a good year coming out of Latin America. So that's built in to our forecast. We're not expecting double-digit growth in LatAm. Remember, we're coming off of double-digit growth for 2015. So we expect some single-digit growth – mid-single digit growth in Latin America.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah. I think it's different. Now, look, first of all, let me talk about the UK. I think what we have seen if you compare it to two years ago, a turnaround in the UK, so we're forecasting it as our performance this year was 7% to 8% and we see a good solid year for the UK as well going into 2016. So I think that's a – and that's a big thing. It's 9% of our business. And so therefore, that's encouraging for us going into 2016. I think Continental Europe anecdotally seems to be better but I haven't met anyone who isn't concerned about Continental Europe. I was in Davos, the conversations continued to be concerned with the financial institutions in Europe in particular, and I think that uncertainty drives our clients to be concerned. That said, it's a global economy and there is no question that our multinational clients are looking for growth markets, India, China, Latin America, frankly United States, we're seeing a good pickup in the United States, and I think that's a little bit different than it was a couple of years ago. So there is no question that this volatility in the financial markets and in the financial institutions is giving everyone a lot of angst in terms of whether it be access to liquidity, whether affecting the capital markets and if I were running one of those companies I would be looking hard at the same, which puts an additional burden on what we have to do. I think they're not stopping spending, they're just being very careful in terms of where they spend. And that puts the burden on us to prove that what we do actually works. And if we can put together a fully integrated offering, that shows how we can move the needle, it's innovative, we save some money in the process. We're effective, we're held accountable for the performance of that. Then I think our clients have the money to spend, and they will do that. But they do have an element of caution in that, which is why it's still early in the year and a lot of things are happening, and let's face it, we have issues with oil. And who knows what's going to happen with the price of oil and those kind of things? So there is caution out there. But what's amazing is our business – as I said, we're not expecting a 6% growth again. We're forecasting 3% to 4%, and if we deliver 3% to 4%, we can expand margin by a healthy 50 basis points or better. And I think that's a reasonable way to go into 2016. I'm not trying to be a Debbie Doubter here, but I'm just trying to be cautious in terms of what may be ahead of us, and if we're wrong, then we'll adjust accordingly. But right now, I'm comfortable with the numbers that we're putting out there.
Michael I. Roth: No, I mean, we still have – the U.S. Army is probably the biggest one that's with mandatory review. Last time we had it, we were prevailed in the review. BMW media is still out there. We're comfortable where we are in that. The rest of reviews were challenges, so we hope to pick up some business along those lines.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah. Let me add. By the way, when we say we talk about invest, we actually had an acquisition by Golin in China this year. And we haven't had one – we basically grow our businesses in China organically by hiring some really talented people as we did in 2015. But for Golin, we actually hired – we bought a company that's very attractive and added to their portfolio. The other important point is when we talk about integrated offerings, we mean it. And so when we put together open architecture, whether it's Golin, whether it's Octagon, whether it's Weber Shandwick, we bring them into the open architecture model. So when we're sitting at the table and presenting the best of IPG to our clients, it includes a full array of our businesses. So our marketing services, our traditional agency businesses, our digital capabilities, and our media, they're all sitting at the table. And frankly, that's what clients want to see. And the collaboration is critical to that, which is why we spend so much time on collaboration within IPG. And this open architecture model actually works. And even on – when we're just looking at media pitches, we bring in the open architecture on media. We have different disciplines, digital, experiential. All of that comes to play in these pitches. And frankly, I'm a firm believer that's one of the reasons we've been successful in the new business arena because I've heard a number of clients say to me when we walk out of the room that what was refreshing is that they didn't know which individuals was from which discipline, and the team really spoke as one voice. And they were focusing on clients. And that makes a big difference to the clients because they don't have to worry about our silos and our issues. They're just interested in servicing their clients. And if we didn't have the marketing service arm that we have at CMG and the media, and the digital capabilities, and the creative capabilities at our agencies, we wouldn't be able to do that. So I'm very comfortable with that.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah. First of all, as you know, Philippe is sort of an integral part of the collaboration we have at IPG. Henry has done a tremendous job in coming into Mediabrands and the success of Mediabrands is pretty evident by the results of their performance. And he's done a great job, Henry and his team and his UM initiative and all the rest of Mediabrands. Philippe's oversight and role at Mediabrands is exactly that, to bring – to make sure that we're looking at all the possibilities of collaboration and, as well, Philippe has a technology background and helping in terms of new media and new technology as well. So it was exceptionally well received at Mediabrands and the people. But frankly, Philippe has an HR responsibility, so he knows a lot of those people very well and they've worked very closely together. So I can't tell you how many favorable e-mails I received from both clients as well as individuals on that move, so we're really excited about it. Marketing services, as I said, it fits very nicely into the open architecture model. I don't believe we have to own various data sources and so on when we can rent them. But that said, we did a data analytics acquisition in Israel this year. Mediabrands has their own data sources and when they need to use that, they have over 80 or 100 different data sources. So as long as there is partnering out there where we can rent it, we think we have to do it. We have a sufficient amount of analytics and data to make our offerings competitive, if not better, and we don't have to own it. But when there are unique opportunities out there, we make some tactical investments in it. We did it in a little company – in Samba TV. We did it in Keep. So we look at it both ways. The key to this in the open architecture is having a vehicle without having to restructure our corporation to collaborate. And since we've been doing it for 10 years, we didn't need to restructure our entire company. We have high-priority objectives for all of our CEOs that require them to collaborate both within their networks as well as outside. So it's kind of interesting to see everybody jumping on this but we started doing this 10 years ago and it's part of our DNA. And every time there is a new thing out there in terms of whether it be data, whether it be content, we want to participate, and we'll do it through our partnerships, through investments or just contractual arrangements.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah. Well, we've been averaging close to $300 million buybacks per year. And we have an extra $149 million on top of the authorization. We're not committed to doing all of it in one year. We have – we'll have a normalized annual buyback throughout the year. That said, every once in a while we're opportunistic. You saw we were a little over-weighted in the fourth quarter when we saw some price pressure on our stocks. So we have the flexibility. But for analytics point, if you use $300 million I think that's a reasonable number for us to spend and will be opportunistic and see how the marketplace goes. This is part of a long-term strategy. We believe that given our leverage, obviously, bringing our ratings up one more notch would be very helpful to us. In that it will give us – free our commercial paper program which could help us in terms of cyclicality of our cash flows. And that could free us some additional cash as well. So from an overall program point of view, we're very comfortable with our balance sheet and where we are. We hope to have a commercial paper program if we get one more notch up. We have a robust return of capital on buybacks and a 25% increase in dividend is a very nice mix between dividends and buybacks. So our overall structure in terms of return has been very well received by the investors. Before year-end, between Frank and myself and Jerry, we've met with most of our shareholders and this is based on the input we're getting from all of our shareholders. And as far as our leverage, we're very comfortable and then we want to be where we are heading into a market that is as volatile or potentially volatile as it is right now.
Michael I. Roth: Tim, that's a great question and the answer to that is yes, okay, particularly on the digital. If you look, for example, what R/GA is doing in terms of design and business planning and product development, the accelerator program are examples of that. We have capabilities. There aren't many companies that have the capabilities we have both in terms of typical advertising role, media planning, content distribution, digital expertise, insights, all of that put together. And frankly, what we do actually works. And we have data and we have all sorts of information that shows that if we can bring all of these offerings together, we can, in fact, help our clients move the needle. And it's refreshing to be able to walk into a room and put together some new ideas from a business context. And you're right, it's not just traditional advertising. It's looking into the future. We can anticipate where consumers are going to be spending their money. And based on those insights, we can help our clients real-time look at where they can allocate their dollars. And if it's not working, we can shift with them. We can create dashboards with our clients. We can help them do design work. We can do branding for them. It really turns out to be a full-service offering that we can tap into, and it gives them a degree of comfort that they're getting cutting-edge insights without having to add 12 different disciplines coming in a room working together. So I do believe. And of course, we do consulting. I mean, several of our agencies have a consulting bases armed to it. So yes, our business is changing. And frankly, that's why I'm bullish on our industry. For years, they've talked about our industry being dis-intermediated, going away. We always find a way to sustain ourselves. And I think if you look at our results, you had a pretty good indication that we're capable of doing that. So yes, I thank you for that question.
Michael I. Roth: With that said, I think those were our last questions. I really thank you for your support throughout the year. We're excited about 2016, notwithstanding some caution that we've made. And I look forward to bringing it to light. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: No. we're looking for both, Alexia. The key thing, the key metric that we look at is organic growth versus organic growth of our expenses. And it gets little convoluted when you look at the individual metrics because of the impact of passers on those metrics and also the impact of the foreign exchange. So again, we're looking at leverage out of both of our major cost buckets.
Frank Mergenthaler: You know, John, we look at total SRS and really don't bifurcate between – base that on the tax and temp. Yeah. I think there is a tendency to leverage temp when there is a lot of new business activity, which we saw last year. But I think we managed it quite well. But we don't get that granular. We look at our agencies to deliver an SRS target that we said in the budgeting process.
Frank Mergenthaler: Okay. Cash taxes are at 29%. We've used up our NOL in the U.S., which is why the cash taxes have gone up. We still have over $1 billion of NOL, but that's principally over in Europe which we can't use until those earnings take effect. So we did see some benefit there. But basically our cash taxes are in the 29% range right now.
Frank Mergenthaler: I mean, to add on to Michael's comments, we made specific investments of our new capabilities around PR. And you look at our performance at Weber, at Golin, at DeVries, it's clear they're gaining market share. And the critical thing is we're going to need to continue to invest and keeps our place in the marketplace. And looking at the rest of the portfolio, our sports business at Octagon, our experiential business at Jack Morton are very, very strong. And the CMG segment does get impacted by the decline in pass-through, and that's intentional. We've been trying to migrate our contracts away from being a principal specifically in our experiential business to an agent. So when you look at it on a net revenue basis, our growth has been high-single digits for the past three years. So those businesses are very, very healthy. And it's nice in our branding business that future brands had, again, a very strong year. So we're very supportive of that segment and we'll continue to invest.
