Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you all for joining us this morning. I'll start with a high-level view of our performance in the quarter. Ellen will then provide additional details, and I'll conclude with updates on the highlights at our agencies to be followed by Q&A. First and foremost, as Jerry said, I hope that you and your families are keeping well. As we all know, around the world, the pandemic is still with us to a significant degree. With all that entails, it bears mention that our people continue to navigate the many challenges, both personal and professional, presented by the health crisis. Their extraordinary resilience and capacity for innovation as well as their care for one another and their commitment to our clients are inspiring. Against business conditions that continue to be demanding, our people have driven the solid growth and the high level of first quarter profitability that we are reporting today. Turning to those results, beginning with revenue. We are pleased with our start to the year. First quarter organic net revenue growth was 1.9%. That reflects solid performance in the U.S., an organic decrease of 20 basis points and strong international growth of 6.3% with increases in every world region. In the U.S., you'll recall that we are comparing to very strong underlying performance in the first quarter of 2020 when we face headwinds of nearly 4% due to certain 2019 client losses that we previously identified. Domestically, during this year's first quarter, we saw increases in areas such as media, data services and technology and our health care specialist agencies. Our international performance was paced by 12.4% growth in Continental Europe, where we had a strong start to the year by our media, data and tech offerings as well as McCann Worldgroup.  Worldwide, our health care and retail client sectors, which were consistent outperformers last year were again our growth leaders in the first quarter.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Alexia. Let me start -- I guess, it doesn't matter which one we take first, right? And so as you know, sports and events are actually a fairly small part of the portfolio. I think we're talking about sub 5% of overall revenue. And so in essence, we do believe that there's going to be some resumption in that area probably towards the third quarter, definitely in the fourth quarter, but I don't think that's a significant factor that impacted where and how we got to that expectation about what we think the year looks like. I think Ellen and I both mentioned in our remarks the frequency with which we meet with the operators to discuss financial forecast, that was way up last year. We've largely kept to that cadence So that and client conversations is what's really informed our belief of what we can discover -- sorry, what we can deliver for the full year. I think that's really the function of it and then, obviously, the underlying revenue trends which we talked about, whether it's geographic, whether it's client driven or the progression over the course of the first few months of the year. And then in terms of new business, I think that there is a general consensus that last year, there was, as you say, kind of a damping down in that regard just because, obviously, going through that process, whether you're either going through it in a kind of lockdown purely virtual setting or whether it's just not a disruption that clients were really, I think, particularly open to given that there was so much uncertainty. So I think we have begun to see an increase, an uptick in that regard, and it's to be seen whether that continues, I think that, at the moment, that's the expectation. We're seeing some indications of that, but there may be more to come.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I mean, you know that we've got a very strong track record when it comes to capital return. And I think as we've been very, very clear that, that continues to be something we're very focused on and a priority. I'm going to I'm going to quote Ellen. She said something on our last call about revenue, which was -- it's not if but when.  And so I think I'm going to say the same applies to share repurchase. I'm not sure that what else Ellen would care to add in that regard in terms of balance sheet or how we're thinking about the progression.
Philippe Krakowsky: And you saw us increase dividend last year, notwithstanding the challenges. And to our mind, we want a balanced approach to this, and so we do want to get back to that.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I mean I think there are lots of ins and outs here, so we can obviously unpack that for you. I would sort of say we've been clear that, that $160 million is a commitment that we, as a management team, have signed up for. So that's definitely the case. You see growth in Q1. So the strategic structural actions are beginning to kind of, in essence, get leverage, and so that's clearly very encouraging. And then we also talked about the fact that a lot of that $160 million would be evident in the '21 results and that real estate actions would not all be realized that we'd see some in '22 depending on the pace of the subleases, right? So the stated objective of we want to emerge from the pandemic as a stronger company, it feels to me like we have early indications given the quarterly results that, that's clearly what we're doing. And then there are clearly other factors at play. So the ins and the outs of -- independent of the restructuring over a bunch of years, we've demonstrated the ability to grow margins with revenue growth. So there's growth now. So there's -- some of what's in the results just shows what Ellen and her team and what our operators are able to do in terms of discipline and focus on operating leverage, And then we're also starting to get into some higher value services and revenue streams. And the tailwind that is -- I think the unknown is that growth has come back prior to normalization of what, I guess, we'd call kind of pre-pandemic business travel meetings and all the costs that are associated with that. And I think that, over time, that's going to reverse. We go back to office, we go back to in-person interactions. And those are positives. I think there will be things that come out of those ways of working that will be good for the business and for what we're able to do with clients. And as some of those then costs come back into the model, then real estate savings materialize as we go into '22. So on all of those moving parts, I think we've got more detail in the various categories that had significant positive impact on margin. I think Ellen can probably unpack some of that with a lot of specificity for us.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I mean, I think there's an implicit answer in the fact that we're telling you what we think we can accomplish for the year. I think that international is interesting because the impact of the pandemic is so disparate and sector-driven. So I would look at a couple of things internationally that do give us comfort and give us reason to feel that there's something that's consistent here. So the decision of top-tier clients, so if you look at Europe, for example, we saw strength from a number of large clients in food and beverage, in CPG, in health care and in financial services. And so in a sense, I almost think -- and this is anecdotal, but you said is there anything you're hearing on the ground. I think even round two of lockdowns comes with less uncertainty in a sense. whether that's because clients have already pivoted to a better sense of how they're going to connect to consumers and drive demand through, say, e-com or it comes with somewhat less uncertainty because the vaccines are out there. And even though the pace at which vaccinations are proceeding in a number of countries, again, thinking about Europe where we had a lot of strength, people do have a sense that they're on a path to something, whereas the first time around, there was a lot of uncertainty, and so you could understand where clients we were wary of making any kind of commitment. So in a sense, I do think that, that gives us a sense that internationally, we can continue to deliver. And then the other thing is if you look at the offerings that are driving that strong international performance, there's consistent contributions, whether it's media tech, whether it's on the advertising side of things, McCann or whether it's the health care agencies.
Philippe Krakowsky: Two small questions, wow. So I guess on the latter, Michael, I'd say to you that for quite some time, what we clearly believed was the right course of action was to invest in talent and to build the capabilities and embed them across the portfolio. And so I think that, largely speaking, we're pretty -- we're confident in what we can control. And so we don't see gaps in the portfolio. We see that we've got a full suite of offerings. We like the assets of those offerings, and we think we've got great people. And then integration, open architecture feels like it's always going to be a work in progress, but relatively, we see it as a strength. And then underlying that now, we have kind of data and tech powering all of that. So I would assume that we will get back to an M&A posture that is more what you would have anticipated for us -- from us in the past. And we'll definitely look for areas where the technical skills that are required or the rates of growth we're seeing are such that we do want to make bets to supplement what we've got going on. And it could be that an area like e-com is one of them. But I don't see some of the need for something really dramatic and significant at this point. And a few years from now, we'll ask again. In terms of kind of the first question, we are compounding kind of a number of years of consistent outperformance, and clearly, we're seeing a shift in where the demand is. But to answer the question about whether we can get to these consistently kind of next level or higher growth numbers this early in the stages of kind of an economic recovery feels like it is probably premature to make that determination, right? I mean it's clearly, aspirationally, we see that, as I said, higher value services are definitely something we want to lean into. But everything works well because it's part of an integrated whole, right? And so we've been successful because we've evolved the offerings, not because we've kind of tried to jump to a whole other model of how we serve clients and how do we deliver value for clients. So I think that we'll see that play out over time.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I'm going to reiterate that, on margin, we committed to all of you that we would come through this crisis as a company that was stronger and, in a sense, more fit for purpose given where the world is going. And so as I said, we're pleased that we're seeing early indications because a lot of those restructuring decisions that were made were strategic in nature. They were about how do we make our companies nimbler, how do we make them able to provide services to clients but in a way that is more contemporary. So I do think that there's something that's happening that's underlying here. But as I think I mentioned, when Alexia asked the question, it's -- with so many ins and outs, you're asking a very fair question. You're asking a question we're asking ourselves. But I don't know that we've got a clear line of sight as to when are those costs going to start coming back in. As Ellen said earlier, what's going to be new normal in terms of in-person engagement, travel, things of that nature. So we clearly believe that where we're going is a better place, the extent to which we can give you that level of granularity right now. Ellen, I don't know what else you'd care to add on that margin question.
Philippe Krakowsky: And then I think that becomes the floor from which to then ask ourselves what is possible beyond that because, as I think I also said earlier, we've got a long track record of where there is growth, we find ways to grow margin. Now on your revenue question, I think there's just -- there's a lot of kind of -- from a quarter-to-quarter basis, there's a lot of noise in the system in a sense. So obviously, our -- not that I would trade out of the position we're in, but our comps are quite challenging relative to peers. But we still feel strong enough that we're saying to you what we think the year looks like. And then the thing that is maybe masking the strength of the U.S. finishes rolling off at the end of Q2. But sequentially, every region, U.S. included, saw improvement. And then in a sense, the underlying book of business in the U.S. with plus 8, which is maybe, I think, probably 300 basis points better than kind of the other end of the spectrum for Q1 last year and then those '19 losses, so the underlying book of business in the U.S. grew about 4.5-ish this quarter. International, you've seen and we talked a bit and unpacked a bit about what's driving that.  And then I'd say that there's improved tone in terms of conversations with clients and operators as the quarter progressed. But we don't manage quarter-to-quarter, so I'm not sure I can tell you precisely. I think that, as I said, we're going to see recovery, and then there's -- it's not going to be linear.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, thank you all for joining us this morning. We are pleased with these results. We're appreciative of the support, and we look forward to taking you through our results when we meet again. Until then, I hope everybody stays well.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is safe and healthy. I would like to join Philippe in recognition and, candidly, admiration of our people for their terrific accomplishments under very difficult circumstances. As a reminder, my remarks will track the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation, our first quarter net revenue increased 2.8% from a year ago with organic growth of 1.9%. First quarter adjusted EBITDA before a small restructuring adjustment was $265.9 million and margin was 13.1%. These are levels that compare very favorably against any previous first quarter.  We returned to growth with variable expenses that are lagging the recovery in revenue, and we are additionally seeing the structural benefits of last year's restructuring program. Diluted earnings per share was $0.23 as reported and $0.45 as adjusted. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles, a small restructuring refinement, nonoperating losses on sales of certain small nonstrategic businesses and the nonoperating loss on the early extinguishment of debt. During the quarter, we refinanced $1 billion of senior notes that had been scheduled to mature over the next few years. We placed $1 billion in new notes maturing in 10- and 20-year tranches. The timing of those transactions initiated in mid-February was favorable in light of the subsequent rise in market rates. We appreciate and value the support and the reception that we received. As you may have seen in late March, we also received upgrades to our outlook from both S&P and Fitch. Turning to Slide 3, you'll see our P&L for the quarter. I'll cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to Q1 revenue on Slide 4. Our net revenue in the quarter was $2.03 billion, an increase of $55.6 million. Compared to Q1 2020, the impact of the change in exchange rates was positive 1.5% with the dollar weaker against currencies in most of our largest markets. Net divestitures were negative 60 basis points. Our organic net revenue increase was 1.9%. At the bottom of this slide, we break out segment revenue in the quarter. Our EM segment was -- grew 3.2% organically, a terrific result against last year largely non-COVID first quarter. We saw solid growth by our offerings in media, data and tech at FCB and at McCann Worldgroup. At IPG DXTRA, the organic change in the quarter was negative 4.8%, which reflects the weight of live events and sports marketing within the segment, the disciplines that have been most significantly impacted by the pandemic. 
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. No, listen, I will reiterate that we believe capital return is very, very important. I believe we have a track record of showing that. We were very pleased to see the rating agencies change their outlook on us. We have a debt paydown in October, and we will continue to be focused and analyze the situation. And yes, I really do believe it's not a question of if but when.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. I mean if you look at the first quarter, again, I think it illustrates and demonstrates how confident we are that we can drive margins. If you look at -- we gained 480 basis points between base payroll, benefits and tax and the occupancy, and that was largely due to the restructuring. As Philippe has mentioned and as I've said, real estate is not linear. So some of that benefit will accrue to next year as well and beyond as the subleases take hold. But unpacking some of the more variable costs like T&E, I mean it did benefit us 150 basis points for the quarter. How quickly that comes back is really some things that are largely out of our control depending upon the health crisis, But I do believe there will be learnings from this period of time in the pandemic that we will benefit from in the future. And will it ever come back to the extent that we travel previously? Probably not. The other one-off I would call, last year, we had elevated bad debt expense in the first quarter. So that really created a tailwind this quarter of about 130 basis points. And lastly, I would add, not only do we have a track record of managing margin, but we're incentivized to do so. All of our incentive plans are aligned with this objective, which gives us even that more confidence that we'll get there.
Ellen Johnson: No, listen, given the big assumption, right, that the economic recovery is steady, we feel pretty confident in the 5% to 6% revenue growth. And with that, we feel pretty confident that we can deliver the 15.5 margin. And that's from a bottoms approach, meeting with our operators very frequently. So we will continue to do that for.
