Michael Roth: Thank you, Frank. Well, as you can see our performance in Q1 once again demonstrates the strength of our agencies, their people and their professional offerings. We saw vitality across many client sectors. We also continued to show that we're able to manage the business effectively and convert revenue gains into improved results. Competitive organic revenue is the best indicator that we are building a terrific talent base, and that our strategic decisions are paying off. Key developments in this area during the quarter include continued progress at McCann. The team there is off to a good start in 2011, particularly with their successful defense of the U.S. Army account. McCann's strong focus on delivering integrated marketing solutions is getting traction with existing multinational clients and the agency is active in the new business arena.  Draftfcb, was also a major contributor to our success in the quarter. The agency once again grew its revenue and delivered strong profitability. Their integrated model, which increasingly features digital and shopper marketing capabilities which are key in today's world of realtime marketing.  Mediabrands continued to deliver outstanding performance during the first quarter. We're very pleased with the leadership of all major units within the group. While the loss of our Microsoft engagement in North America was disappointing, we've subsequently seen Mediabrands re-sign major clients such as Sony to a 3-year commitment and win significant new assignments such as Hasbro.  Lowe made solid contributions to Q1 results and we're pleased with Lowe's performance and strategic direction. With their strength in key developing markets, especially Brazil and India, and with the progress they're making in developing a global activation capability, as well as partnering with HUGE in international markets. CMG turned in another strong performance across PR, branding and events. We continue to see a lot of new client activity across the marketing service portfolio. There's also a great deal of digital talent being on-boarded at all of our marketing services firms, and we believe this will lead to continue organic growth momentum at Weber Shandwick, GolinHarris, Jack Morton, FutureBrand and Octagon.  Among the digital specialty agencies, R/GA, HUGE and McCann's MRM posted outstanding results. Performance at the integrated U.S. independence was also strong, led by terrific brands, such as the Martin Agency, Hill Holliday and Mullen.  In closing, we are pleased with strong Q1 performance, and our long-term view of the opportunity for Interpublic remains unchanged. We continue to operate in a global growth industry. What is more, in a world driven by digital convergence and accelerating technology, the role of marketing will grow. As many of you have heard me say, complexity is good for us because clients need expert guidance and higher-value thinking more than ever before.  The key drivers of success and value going forward are going to be digital expertise, strength in emerging markets and seamless delivery on increasingly accountable integrated solutions. The strategic decisions we've taken and the investments we made in recent years position us well for this new reality. We've also consistently shown that we have the ability to effectively manage the business and have put ourselves in the path to competitive operating performance from a margin perspective, while also returning capital to our shareholders. We're aware that we have more difficult comparisons ahead as we move through the year, which will make it challenging to sustain the very high growth rates we've reported over the last 12 months. Nonetheless, based on discussions with key clients, it's clear that market has continued to look to us to help them grow. This gives us a greater confidence that we can deliver on our 2011 targets, a 4% to 5% organic revenue growth and 9.5% to 10% operating margin for the full year, and continue to deliver on our commitment to increase shareholder value. With that, I'd like to open it up to questions.
Michael Roth: Yes, France -- U.K., France are performing well. Germany, we had a slight reduction, if you will, in the growth. And that had to do with some client reassignments. But as we indicated, it's performing a little better than we thought they were going to do. We're not raising any big flags on the overall recovery. But it's encouraging to see positive results. What's nice in the U.K. is if you recall, previously we saw some positive results in the U.K. particularly from events. This time, we're seeing it across the board in terms of our offerings in the U.K. So it wasn't just one specific transaction that gave rise to the improvement.
Michael Roth: Yes, we're still cautious about it. Obviously, we were pleased with the positive results. We've added some new talent particularly, we have new leadership in McCann and the region. We have the Delaney Lund acquisition with Lowe and Draftfcb had some new talent there as well. So we've had a lot of new people and talent and we're seeing some traction there. As I said -- with that said, we're very cautious about it, but it was encouraging to see the positive results in the first quarter.
Michael Roth: I think the key to know about the share buyback is that, we announced that we're authorized to implement a program, we're committed to making that program work and return capital to our shareholders, as we said. And we'll do it in a thoughtful and effective way and that's the way we’ll move forward. The fact that -- as Frank said, we are only in it one month, so that should not be an indication of anything other than we started.
Michael Roth: Well, I think the organic increase is an indication, as I said, of our strong offerings and our performance of our agencies. Our comp is a little bit different than some of our competitors, but that doesn't take away from the fact that we had very strong organic performance, and it's a result across the board, as I said, of our sectors, as well as our agencies.
Michael Roth: Well we look at base and temp together, and the 2 combined had fairly dramatic improvement in operating leverage for the quarter. So again, it's an area that we're 4-plus to revenue in the quarter, which is high. It's an area that our operators need to continue to focus on, so we think that [indiscernible] needs to be below 4% but a lot of it is tied to just increased business activity.
Michael Roth: Yes, on the incentive side, we did have some timing issues in the first quarter because of our long-term incentive was pushed forward a month. And obviously, our share price appreciation affected that number as well. So on the incentive side, we're using 3.5% to 4% for the full-year basis even though the first quarter was like 4.4% or something like that.
Michael Roth: Yes, and I read your comment in your note and you raised it there. And thank you for that. Look, we still think that's the opportunity. And we spoke a lot about it in Mediabrands, because Mediabrands is that -- their business lends itself to performance-based compensation a lot easier. And frankly, our clients in that arena seem to be embracing it better. All I'm saying is that, we continue to push for it. Obviously, Mediabrands, it’s an important part of how they view their strategic advantage, if you will, going forward, in terms of willing to put the skin in the game and assume performance-based compensation will be better for us as we go forward. But I think long-term, I think performance-based compensation is going to be the way to go for our industry. I think it puts us in a very solid position with respect to our clients. And the key there is going to be making sure that we have the analytics that are satisfactory to both the client as well as us in terms of the measurements. So we haven't seen all of a sudden since Investor Day a rash of performance-based compensation contracts. But it continues to be an important focus on -- in our negotiations with our clients as we move forward, because I think it's a very effective way for us to get to the margins that I think this industry should be operating in.
Michael Roth: Yes, we already have an incentive comp performance in our contracts. And of course at Draftfcb, behavioral-based marketing is in their DNA. So their model lends itself to performance-based compensation as well. So yes, I don't think it's going to be unique to the media offerings. I believe it's going to be throughout and obviously, McCann has spent a fair amount of investment in the analytics as part of their integrated offering, particular with the multinational clients that they're dealing with. So I viewed that as an important component of our margin improvement going forward.
Michael Roth: Well, as we indicated, Mediabrands both -- all the components Mediabrands initiatives, as well as UM had a very strong first quarter. Buying, you have to split buying from planning. Obviously buying is a more difficult market to enhance margins but it's part of the integrated offering in media, and therefore planning is that much more important. We're very pleased, as you know, we've repositioned our offerings in Mediabrands on regions where we could compete so that we can bring all the offerings in Mediabrands to bear with respect to our client offerings. And that's having good traction in the marketplace. We view our media offerings under the umbrella of Mediabrands as a critical component of our growth opportunity in our margin opportunity to actually go forward.
Michael Roth: I think it's a fair question, and yes, I've said it a few times. No, I think it adds to growth, in terms of our opportunities. Just look at what's happened with social media, okay? You get an entire new market that opens up. Clients that are hearing a lot about it at cocktail parties. That's all they talk about. The CEOs attend the cocktail party and they all come back and saying, " What are we doing about social media?" And we -- what we have to do is be ahead of the curve, in terms of investing in assets and having people who can answer those questions for our clients as part of the integrated offering that we're providing. So we have whole new areas of expertise. And what's great about in social media, for example, it crosses all of our disciplines. So certainly our integrated offerings, in terms of our networks, have social media capabilities. Our independent agencies have social media capabilities. And our PR agencies are where you would logically think social media plays a very important role is a very important growth opportunity. And in fact, they're delivering on it in terms of their results. So that's just one example. The other part of it is, our clients have to figure out where do they spend their marketing dollars. And that's where our expertise comes into play. We have to be able to look at a total solution for our clients in terms of where they spend their dollars, where do they get the best bang for the buck. And it's incumbent upon us to have the expertise to help them do that, to analyze the effect of that. And basically, ultimately, our compensation on the performance of that will be decided. So I think it is a pretty exciting place for us to be as these new media opportunities and these new areas grow. If we're ahead of the curve or participate in that, every time we were asked to be in front of our client, it's an opportunity for show -- telling them and showing them our expertise and how we can help them move the needle. So it's incumbent upon us to be ready, willing and able to help them and be ahead of the curve and for them to ask. And because it's so confusing, it's impossible for all of our clients to have that kind of expertise internally. So I think it's a huge opportunity for our industry.
Michael Roth: We'd like to know the answer to that too, by the way. It's our view that we should be already there. We've always answered this question. We have meetings -- we've had meetings and we have meetings coming up. And obviously, they have -- Accenture already has us as investment grade, the other two have us on now for positive. They're waiting to seek, as you point out, consistency. We already show fourth quarter. I would suspect that they'll look to see how we perform for this year. And I don't think they have to, but they may. And hopefully, after they see a strong performance for the year, we'll see action on their part. But frankly, I agree with you. I think all of us agree with you. We've had 4 good solid results. We've shown our ability to manage our business. Certainly, from a competitive point of view, our organic growth shows we're competitive. We've shown the ability to leverage the revenue and convert. And our balance sheet is as strong as it's ever been. And so I don't see frankly, any reason why they shouldn't. And we'll continue to push them to see it the same way.
Michael Roth: Matt, probably at best case, an upgrade the end of this year, more likely. Yes, there could be an interim move between where we are now and investment grades because there still is one more notch. But we'd expect if we deliver on our current targets that, that early in next year would probably more reasonable time run.
Michael Roth: They were all at the Investor Day. The feedback was very positive. In fact, S&P gave us CreditWatch positive coming out of that meeting. So all things are pointing the right direction. It’s to Michael's point, it's probably just -- it's more a matter of timing and internal process.
Michael Roth: Well, obviously, that financial flexibility helps us do a whole bunch of things. And obviously, we're looking at all of that. Again, one question that will follow from that, do we see any huge acquisitions out there that we would leverage up to do? And frankly, we haven't seen any. We're not missing any huge offerings, if you will. We continue to do -- I'll answer one of the questions I'm sure one of you have, in terms of what we see in the acquisition environment. And we put out the $150 million number as a stake in the ground, and we continue to see some transactions. We'll announce a couple of small specialty transactions coming up, as we said we would. But we'll be opportunistic on the acquisitions side in the digital and the emerging markets. The rest is just financial modeling and financial opportunities for us. And the more that you have in flexibility, the more things we can do. Commercial paper, obviously, would be helpful. And that would enable us to free up some excess cash that's on the balance sheet. I think we've shown that we are willing -- I think the announcement of the dividend and the share buyback is a good example of how we view our responsibility to our shareholders is if we have too much cash on our balance sheet is to return it in a thoughtful way. So as our financial flexibility expands, then we will continue to look at how the best way to enhance our shareholder value.
Michael Roth: For the full year, relatively flat. I'm not at position to give you that Q2 number right now, Craig.
Michael Roth: At the beginning of the year, I would have thought that would be on the high side, to be honest with you. I think given the results in the first quarter, probably 2% is a number that would be if we deliver that 2% to 4%, I think that would be a good year. And I'm encouraged to see that, but again, that one is very hard to predict. There are a lot of things that are going on there. We're just encouraged by what we've seen in the first quarter. And ask the question again in the second quarter, I'll have a better answer for you.
Michael Roth: Yes, our auto category -- what's encouraging about our auto category is it continues to be very positive. It's in the -- the growth is in double-digit numbers. And it's a number of auto clients that are contributing. As you know, we had some new clients last year, and that's contributing to our growth. And we continue to see the spend there. So we're encouraged by what we're seeing. We haven't seen any big pullbacks as a result of supply issues with respect to production. And we expect to see that to continue. It's a very competitive environment out there. And they have to spend marketing dollars to sell cars.
Michael Roth: I won't comment on how we structure our compensation by client. And I would say, you don't get the compensation unless you get to the finals and you're pretty well there. So I wouldn't say that compensation -- performance-based compensation is the reason for a win, but it certainly helps in narrowing any gap there might be, in terms of expectation on pricing. But unless we have the offering from a professional point of view, no matter what you're pricing is going to be, you're not going to -- you're not going to win the business. So our approach is, put together the best team you can with the best offering you have, get to the finals and then start talking about compensation. And if you need to bridge the gap and if performance-based compensation does that, we're there.
Michael Roth: Well as I indicated, frankly, we had a positive quarter in the first quarter in Japan. But unfortunately because of the events, there's no doubt that, that's going to be pulled back for the rest of the year. There are 2 components. There's the local spending and then there's the multinational spending within Japan. And we participate in both. I think the one that will be most adversely affected would be the local spend. And therefore, we're not projecting any growth in Japan. And as far as the multinational spend, we're watching that carefully, but we still see spend in those markets.
Michael Roth: We don't look at our programs on a discreet basis. We'll look at our overall balance sheet. We'll look at our available cash, and we'll look at the best way to enhance shareholder value. And if it means increasing the dividend or buyback or doing something else, we will do it. But you can be assured that we're looking at the best way to enhance shareholder value because that's what our responsibilities are.
Michael Roth: Well, thank you, all, for participating. We're encouraged and excited about our results for the first quarter. And as I said, the tone of the business is positive, and we look forward to our next call with you. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, let me answer the packaged goods first. As you know, packaged goods -- the comparisons from year-to-year are different because packaged goods, as you know, even during a difficult period continue to perform reasonably well in terms of growth. Also in particular in the packaged goods, we had a timing issue in Latin America concerning revenue recognition, and that contributed to the -- what seems to be a disappointing result. It's a small amount, Alexia, but it did distort that number a bit, and we should see that positive going forward. McCann is really excited and engaged, particularly with respect to the work that they're doing with their multinational clients. Their results for the quarter, as we said, were positive. They're on track in terms of the repositioning of themselves in the marketplace. They've added a lot of new talent. We're excited about what they're doing, and the client's reaction to the new talent has been very solid. So we're looking forward to seeing the continue in improvement at McCann from a revenue point of view, from an expense point of view and more importantly, from a new business opportunity. I think the fact that we retained the army was a good example of how we're positioned, and how even on the competitive environment that they're in, they have the ability to bring in the integrated marketing capabilities with world-class talent. As far as the commodity, I think I answered it on the packaged goods side. We haven't seen it yet. Obviously, the continued focus on our pricing is consistent that we've always seen. It's difficult. We have to show that the work that we're doing provides ROI, which is why we've invested so much in analytics and the capability to show that we're moving the needle. And we're encouraged by what we're seeing going forward.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, Alexia, we usually point out 1% of revenue is a reasonable estimate. Right now, we ran a little ahead of that in the first quarter, but 1% is probably still a good number. But as you've seen in the last couple of years with us, it's -- we'll be very aggressive on the severance fronts. We think those actions are needed for long term sustainability of the business.
Frank Mergenthaler: No, we didn't have any big account losses in either of those verticals. You all know, Wal-Mart is obviously part of our retail sector and they have been doing some repositioning, as you may know, in the marketplace. And that had some effect on that.
Frank Mergenthaler: John, we're into the program one month. The way we work it is, we have daily and weekly targets. Those targets are tied to our cash flow projections. Q1 is our weakest cash flow quarter, so you can expect as cash flow generation increases, we'll be more aggressive on our buyback.
Frank Mergenthaler: And with respect to utilization, Bill, I'll just comment on overall margin target. The margin targets that we put out were predicated on our budget. When we look at the first quarter, our performance was at or better than budget across the board for the most part. So we still feel pretty confident in our 2011 margin targets.
Frank Mergenthaler: It was -- the first quarter was pretty much in line with what we expected. And there's 2 components of it. One is for efficiency and cost reduction. There's also a component for utilizing and being opportunistic in bringing in new talent. But we still think a 1% of revenue is probably a reasonable number for the year. Couldn't it be a bit higher? It could, but I don't think it's going to be -- I don't think it's going to be higher than that.
Frank Mergenthaler: James, there's nothing in the revenue mix in Q1 or our view for the back half of the year that changes our view that 30% conversion on incremental revenue is still a reasonable number.
Frank Mergenthaler: With respect to working capital, Tim, the significant use in Q1 is attributable to the significant generation in Q4. They're directly correlated. When you take a look at Q1 cash used as a percentage of Q4 cash generated, it's right in line with what we normally would have expected.
Frank Mergenthaler: The headcount change, Peter, it's 4% year-over-year, 1% for the quarter. So we had 1% over the last 3 months. And on the pass-through costs go through the O&G bucket. And the year-on-year pass-through cost change is de minimis.
Frank Mergenthaler: I also suspect the rating -- the rating agencies in the past have had issues on timing things. And with the uncertainty in the global environment right now, they may use that as a reason to hold back as well. So it's not up to us. We can make the case. We certainly strongly believe that we should be there, and I think in time -- at the appropriate time, they'll take the action. But nonetheless, I think the way to look at us as a rating perspective is where we think where we already are there and therefore, our performance, and frankly, our pricing should reflect that.
Frank Mergenthaler: We announced, Richard, that the buyback program approved by our board was $300 million. And we didn't put a timeline on when we would execute the complete program. As I indicated in my comments earlier, we set daily and weekly targets, predicated on cash flow projections. Q1 is normally our weakest cash flow quarter. As cash flow generation increases, as it seasonally normally does, you can expect to see more aggressive with respect to that program.
