Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. So I don't know that I can -- it's human nature is what it is, right? So I think the headlines are the headlines. And I think it's about sort of a broader mood, whether it's the combination of headlines around -- inflation around what and where governments around the world are going to be doing about that. So I can't reconcile why. I wouldn't suggest, as you said that, “what clients are telling us in a broad sense.” My sense is, yes, some clients are asking us to think about contingency plans, but many more are still committed to any number of things. They're committed to figuring out how to get the most from brand led creativity and combining that with performance marketing, or they're committed to a digital transformation journey or really taking control of their first party data and building out an ID graph. So I guess the first half relative to the second half question to my mind comes down to you look at very strong first half performance, you think about we come in north of 6.5 on top of 12, that's strong performance for the year, right? And our comps are very challenging. And I'll take that. I think it's good to be able to keep saying as we do, our comps are very challenging. So I think a lot of that is just the math. And I'd reiterate that the momentum in the business is healthy. And as we said, the demand for what we do is healthy, right? So, I'd look at, again, on the back half Q3 '21, we're up against maybe a 15% growth number; Q4, we're up against 12%. And on a two-year stack, that's probably, I don't know, 11 and 6, give or take. So it would stand a reason to me that you'd expect to see some deceleration against that independent of the macro. And to my mind, what that means is the macro is manageable. And I think that's why we're telling you that we see -- what we see for the back half of this year. And, again, we're clear on more visibility into Q3 and Q4. And the fact that there's some -- there's definitely uncertainty, but I can't reconcile for you why the noise doesn't necessarily connect into what we're seeing in the business, which is as we said broadly speaking, strong demand. And it is variable. You do get different on a client basis, on a sector basis, in different parts of the world, there are folks for whom some of these signals lead to more caution or action than others. Your second question to my mind, I think we've always thought that a number of things were going to come together that would get us to a moment in time when there would be appropriately a focus on consumers having control on agency as it relates to their data. And again, to our mind, that's kind of consistent with a series of things that we've done going back a long time, whether that's agnostic relative to media, whether clearly that's a strong first party and data management capability at the core of what we do. And I think that clients are intelligently focused on how they are going to continue to reach the right people, whether it's the right cohorts of people or whether it's the right individuals and how they're going to activate the data that they do have or are there going to pull data with likeminded clients or interesting sort of partner, second party partners? So again, I think to our mind, none of what's happening strikes us as if it's surprising, and we continue to see it as opportunity and we see the need to have both authorative consultative capabilities and a partner to go on that journey with. But none of that strikes me as if it puts us off our view that all those capabilities and services are only going to become more valuable to our clients.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Maybe we'll split them. I think the business is growing, right, and you've seen with that growth, we've been bringing people into the organization. I think I've talked about the fact that the skill sets we're bringing in may not necessarily be the ones that we would have been bringing in had we've been talking about this a couple, three years ago. But in the high growth areas and disciplines, there is still need on our part. And so I'd say we've largely caught up on hiring relative to what '21 represented. But there isn't a proactive need to do what you suggest. And the two examples you called out are, whether you call it idiosyncratic or they're specific to things going on within those entities or the client base at those agencies. And then I'll sort of segue into or maybe hand off to Ellen in thinking through the margin question, but I think that we also have the variability of costs like temp labor and clearly the fact that our incentive programs really, really synched up to how it is that we give you visibility into the business and what our goals are, which is to grow organically and to improve margins. So I think those provide a lot of what we need to continue to manage the business as we look to the back half of the year, right. And in terms of margins go forward, I'll pass it over to Ellen to start.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Look, I think in the remarks, I spoke to the fact that I do think that the conversations with clients go to a place of past cycles, even obviously 2020, where there was a bit of a kneejerk reaction. We were all facing something we'd never seen before. And I do think that there are ways in which you internalize that and you think hard about whether or not pulling back, whether it's your voice, whether it's the presence of your brand, which is a very powerful equity, as I mentioned, would make sense. So I think people are definitely doing that calculus. And then as I said just a few minutes ago, there are some who are asking for contingency plans, but there are many more who are still very, very committed. I was with a large CPG client less than a month ago and they're in the midst of a digital transformation, and they see all the things we see. They see input cost rising and they see the ability for the brand to help mitigate that, and they're looking at a multiyear journey and they're still committed to that. So to my mind, I think that that sense of -- people's mix is very different, right? I think that on that journey, if you've gone from having sub, say, less than 25% of your spend being digital channels to twice that and you're on your way to trying to get to well above that, and some of the categories that have been sort of slower to make the shift over time, which accelerated during the pandemic. So I think all of those things do give you a sense that we've collectively made progress in evolving the model, and none of us knows. Again, there's a lot of noise around what it might be and how bad it might be, and we're not seeing that, right? So you see that. You see places in our business that are clearly going to be sturdier; a data business, it's an enterprise level business, it's on multiyear contracts. Health care where you've got sort of baked into it very integrated disciplines and capabilities, a lot more science in terms of what we bring in the way of expertise to those clients, and then a lot more data in terms of how we sort of kind of make decisions. So it's clearly TBD, but there's been underlying change in marketing since we last went through something like this. Specific to the two agencies you call out, I think that we were clear that client mix can make a meaningful difference. I think you've got two premium players and the industry is clearly evolved. And so there are some rethink going on in the part of both of those management teams in terms of how do they reinvent so that they are in a place where those premium positions can continue to prevail. So I think there we're looking about at both things that are specific to their mix and then perhaps where they are in their cycle as companies.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I think that the comment about speculative categories was very, very specific, right? And so as always, we're going to want to give you as much detail as we can when we are taking you through the results. And so within that new segment, to try to give you clarity, we wanted to pull apart that there was double digit growth in parts of it, and that where you had something that was dilutive, what was it that was impacting that? So to my mind, we weren't saying that those speculative categories have an impact on the macro portfolio, because we tend to do more work with some of those categories in the places where we're doing some of the most, whatever we're going to call it, sort of the most bleeding edge work, right? I read what you put out this morning and I think that the bigger question around where and how large scale digital is undergoing a transformation of sorts, I'd say to you there's substantial growth that's happening outside of what you might kind of call the big three. So there's diversification happening in what is now the primary way in which companies go to market, which is on digital channels, right? So you might have year-on-year growth slowing at the really big players there, although they're clearly still growing. And I think, to my mind, the three big factors that are changing things on that side of the house are TikTok, absolutely. Then the fact that there's much more e-commerce going on and retail media networks are clearly seeing a lot of that growth heading their way, right? And that's kind of interesting from where we sit, because you can clearly do some interesting things with first party data that's sitting inside of those channels that are growing, and then what we can do with first party data, so partnering there is interesting. And then digital video is sort of benefiting lots of people, including some traditional marketer, media owners who've come into that space with interesting and necessary streaming channels. So that's a bit of a divergence. But I think I found what you thought was interesting. But I think that's got a lot more to do with it than our client mix isn't really going to impact that math for us.
Philippe Krakowsky: And in terms of media, in the event of or should there be a slowdown, it's interesting because in '20, we saw that it was a place people went to because it was the place people could sort of turn off the spigots very, very quickly. And I think that we definitely -- it's the logical -- it's sort of the equivalent of what used to be a project that you could perhaps choose not to go forward with in a difficult economic climate in certain back in the day. So it's not that there isn't a sense that it would be a place clients might go, but I think that there's going to be more thought that goes into can I interrupt the consumer journey? Can I interrupt the flow of information I get back from those channels? And I think people will probably just be more choiceful . I think it will be like anything in a circumstance such as that. And again, you're asking me for a supposition and we're telling you that in the business and in the bulk of what we're -- the interactions and the conversations we're having with clients, the reality we're dealing with isn't the story that to the very first question we had that you're seeing in the headlines. And so I think that there would be sort of a flight to kind of quality in essence. There would be what can I not afford to turn off? Where am I getting the best returns? What makes the most sense because it really is getting me to intersect with audiences? So it's not that you might not see some issues there, but it would -- I think it would be about the quality of the platform, it would be about the quality of the backend and the data you're seeing as a result of making that investment. But I think it's naive to suggest that if as you say we got to that point, you wouldn't have some of what we saw more recently.
Philippe Krakowsky: So this is within our company. So it's not what happens on the client side. Look, I think we are seeing a modicum of wage inflation inside of our four walls, right? So I think we're going to -- if I look at it, I go, okay, so growth, lead hiring over the last 12 months, probably by a couple of percentage points, right? And as I said, there's still a bit of hiring to be done. But if you think about that delta, it goes to what we said to you which is that we see that as manageable. And then I think the other thing I'd sort of call out on the most evident place where inflation is impacting us is that if I had to give you kind of a qualitative sense of it, the pressure on labor markets is less evident than it would have been a quarter ago, right? So I'd say that hasn't fully abated, but it's definitely slowing. And then in terms of other places in our cost base where we'd see inflation, I don't know if there's anything Ellen would want to call out. But obviously SRS for us is an important part. It's where we get the folks we need to make the model work. So I don't know if anything else would be a lagging component of inflation in our world. 
Philippe Krakowsky: The internal transformation efforts are definitely going on in a number of places. And how we do a lot of the backend on media and how we do production and how we automate that and how we connect that back to the data stream. So yes, I think you're seeing -- we've been talking about it and it's the one we would obviously stay focused on and be very vigilant about.
Philippe Krakowsky: So far as I've said, I think clients continue to see marketing as a way to mitigate that. And we do have the capacity in many cases contractually to sort of share that with them as we see it impact. So again, I don't see it impacting revenue at this point.
Philippe Krakowsky: All right. Well, as always, we appreciate the time and the interest, and we will keep you posted as we go forward. And very, very focused on execution for the back half and everybody on the team is on the same page with us. So thanks, again.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Thank you. I would say, start with our track record, right. We do have a track record of being able to manage our margins very effectively in a variety of different circumstances. And Philippe mentioned I think some of the things that really help us do that is that our flexible cost structure. So as Philippe mentioned, it's temporary help versus permanent labor or our performance-based incentive comp, which provides variability as well or buffers absolutely help us. We're very disciplined on how we manage cost. As Philippe also mentioned, our incentives are aligned with that. And we're continuously looking at off-shoring and near-shoring in other ways that will make us more efficient in addition to the fact that we're growing our higher value services, which should also help us expand our margins. So yes, we do believe that we can expand our margins going forward.
Ellen Johnson: Absolutely, yes. China was dilutive to the overall continent. If you look at it ex-China, our growth would have been there high single digits, closer to double digits.
Ellen Johnson: And I would just add that, again, we're always focused on continuing to offshore and near-shore and there's things that we're looking at, but it also helped mitigate --
