Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia and by the way welcome back. Look that question was frankly asked in the last quarter and my comments which is has quoted why don’t you just believe we are better than everyone else. But I mentioned in my remarks. I think the way we are structured as a Company is a key differentiator, we actually believe in the brands within the agency and we didn’t need to restructure our company, the key to that is our focus on our clients and what they need. So when appropriate we use the open architecture model which we've been doing now for 12 years and you can do that unless A, you have the best talent and tools available to our people. The second is they have to have a good feeling that they can call on other resources within IPG and leverage that on a collaborative basis and we are seeing that in the marketplace. And I mentioned, just two wins where we used the open architecture, but it’s not even just in the wins. We have the ability to bring in other IPG resources when a given network feel the firepower that another agency can bring and help. Now of course we do that recognizing issues of complex and we don’t run afoul of that, so that is the one caveat on that part of it that we have to maintain. But I do believe that clients believe that we are looking out for their best benefit, not necessarily our own silos and when you have a relationship with clients like that it makes a difference. And so you know I think that is certainly a key factor in why we are doing better. The other part of it is, we have spent a lot of time, money and tools and resources to invest in our talent. And without the talent that brings that to life with our clients none of this works and our mantra is client first and our people are comfortable focusing on clients and know that they are within an organization that values their career and the opportunities for them as well. So I think, I always talk about us being different than the other holding companies, I think that is reflective in the environment and our values and that just works out to clients that want to do business with us and us being able to meet their needs on a seamless basis.
Michael Roth: Well there is no question as the terms of business is better, I mean just remember 60%, 61% of our business in the U.S. the tone of our business and the strength of our business in the U.S. is very solid. I think look at our media offerings right now, I mean that clearly is where a lot of the pitches are, where clients who are looking for us to add value and our media business is our best-in-class and now they are further strengthened with the opportunity to work with Acxiom to bring the insights at are next sturdy. I mentioned this, it’s worth saying it again, we are going to start using Acxiom and Mediabrands as our first volley in terms of the opportunities that created on a synergy basis and an opportunity basis both with respect to Acxiom as well as the IPG clients. We have had inbound enquiries from our existing clients to see what actually you can do for us as such the Acxiom clients have inbound question, as to what IPG can bring. But we also see this as an opportunity for our creative agencies, because they too need to get insights that are necessary to reach the consumers in effective way. So I think it’s an indication that we are looking forward to the future of what is necessary and frankly in the marketplace clients look to see whether we continue to invest and have those kind of resources. It doesn’t hurt that the economic environment is better. We see UK for example, and continental Europe. I have said this before and that is we are 8% to 9% in those respected markets. So one or two clients can make a difference in our results and we've been fortunate in terms of some of the business wins in those markets and retention of clients in those markets and those clients are doing fairly well and investing. So I think that is part of the answer. And the other part of it is that the general tones for example Latin America you see a very strong recovery in various markets and even Brazil which has been a problem for us and everybody else. We saw a return to growth this quarter and that is as a result of some additional new business wins. So I think it's a combination. And the final point which is one that is a really good indicator. If you look at our Top 20 clients for the last couple of quarters, we were relying a lot on the project-based businesses. Remember we were talking about project-based businesses, the large wins you have to find repeats that we were finding as many repeat on large project-based businesses. When you look at Top 20 clients, which aren’t necessarily considered project based although some of the work there is projects. We have seen a return to good growth in our Top 20 clients. So I think that is a solid backbone of IPG, because we had some of the world's largest clients in terms of marketing and services and advertising and we are seeing a recovery there. So I think that is a key point.
Michael Roth: Yes. Well, we did do some dispositions. We committed to looking at our portfolio and eliminating businesses that aren’t strategic and not being accretive to us from a margin point of view. But those are one of us, but our solid core - we had the luxury of looking at our strategic assets when we were going through some difficult periods and we eliminated. Remember our first year, I think we closed 50 agencies on a worldwide basis. So we have been repositioning for a while and right now we have our core businesses and they are open for bidding in a way that we're comfortable with or have opportunities to contribute more, so we think our core business are where they should be. We don’t see any holes in any of our offering so there is no need for us to go out and do another transformation transaction such as Acxiom. So we will continue to invest in our brands, use our open architecture as the market dictates, invest in our new acquisition Acxiom, working with Mediabrands, which is our big growth vehicle right now in the marketplace and we are very well-positioned to compete and I think our results reflect that.
Michael Roth: All of that, okay. Thank you Tim. Let me start with the creative, because you are right. I mean, in fact one of our competitors acknowledged when they were going through their restructure that they were not as strong as the other holding company and in fact they called out IPG and McCann.
Michael Roth: So yes, we are very proud of our creative capabilities. We feel creativity and creative offerings are critical to the growth of our Company. So we, yes we have invested in talent. If you look at the key creative talent that we have at McCann in terms of SEB, MullenLowe and our independent agencies. These are top notch creative people that have been recruited to IPG frankly now a couple of years ago. And the investment we made in them and the people they were able to recruit are going forward is paying very nicely in terms of the core businesses and their growth. And that is the beauty of our open architecture and that is - what clients are really looking for are the integrated offerings where we can bring a combined opportunity to bring in creative, bringing media, bringing PR, bringing experiential all with a common purpose of working together to move the needle for our clients and now with Acxiom added to our media capabilities initially and then on our creative we have the insights in terms of how we can reach those consumers. So we think creativity and creative talent is a critical component of our offerings and we didn’t lose sight of that and as a result I think our core global agencies are performing well as a result of that. As far as the numbers go, all I can tell you that numbers we gave you, numbers we are using, I will comment on one point of it and that is we make assumptions on Acxiom for the rest of the year and modeling forward and it looks like we should be on target for achieving those goals. I think that is an important point. So we wanted to make sure that we come out of the box and Acxiom is a proof point of the value that it adds to our portfolio. I'm very encouraged in terms of where the transition is going, the way the teams are working together and focusing on opportunities between the two without losing sight of their core data management business. So we're very pleased with the way the teams have handled the transition and the opportunities to that. The question on American Express, I can tell you that sure, the fact that we have acting is a very important factor looking forward in terms of the opportunities that we have, but UM already was a one of the top-performing media agencies in the business, their track record reflected that. They were very strong in the offering. And I can tell you that one with necessary in terms of the win, I will tell you it didn’t hurt that we owned Acxiom, but I can tell you that it was because of Acxiom that we won. In fact I believe we were very competitive even before Acxiom transaction. This just made it even better.
Michael Roth: Okay. Well look you know you don’t take the $2 billion transaction and all of a sudden come out of the box and say all the synergy is there from day one. We have had extensive meetings and analysis. In fact we are presenting to the Board next week where we are on the transition in the synergy opportunities. But they are going to take some time before we see the full impact of that. We don’t want to do anything stupid. In fact we are absolutely - well I think this problem right now, but one of them is holding back. In other words the inbounds we are getting from all of our agencies to have access to Acxiom we don't want to inundate Acxiom folks and really throw a lumpy range in terms of the smooth transition. So we are actually holding back on some of these opportunities. So I think it will take a while before we see the full synergies. That said, and what we said when we did the transaction you know we expect it to be accretive after adjusting for the causes and the amortization in the first year, and we believe we are certainly on-track to be able to say that and indicate that. We also made an assumption that we thought we would see about 5% growth on the Acxiom business and we are in target to do that.
Michael Roth: You know we also saw a 2% increase in our headcount. When you are growing like we are growing and as we expect to on-board new clients on new wins there is a bit of a miss match sometimes between as far as and new business being on-boarded, because you don’t see revenue until later but you certainly have to staff up early. And that is one of the change, right that is one of the challenges we have to deal with as we on-board new clients. But that is the kind of investment you like to make, right, because you know that the revenue is going to be there, it’s just a question of timing and as Frank said sometime we use temporary labor, but ultimately the better answer is to have the right people in the right job on a full-time basis.
Michael Roth: Well you know first of all, I reiterate what I said is we expected I mean 5% growth to be consistent through the rest of the quarter, I didn’t know exactly commit to it. But I think it’s reasonable and obviously our targeted 4.5% not 5%. So what I said was that we are comfortable in reaching 4.5% or something higher than that. And I will stick to those words, okay, but obviously the tone of our business and the new business wins put us in the high-end of the range on the revenue side.
Michael Roth: You know, one of the things that sometimes get to overlook, when we announced the transaction, we thought there might be a downgrade in our ratings okay, and we were prepared not that we are asking them to do that, but the fact that the rating agencies one put us a little further put us on negative, but they held their ratings at least for a while. The fact that the others held our ratings is an indication of the strength of our balance sheet and our modeling going forward. So I think we have been pretty good in terms of protecting the financial strength as well as dealing with shareholder returns in an appropriate way while maintaining our leverage and our financial strength. So that is what we are going to do. We do see us returning to buyback whether it’s one year versus another it will be totally a function of the macroeconomic environment and this is performance. And like I said we don’t see any big transactions there we need capital for. So if you look at our CapEx let's assume we have 200 million of CapEx and we do some bolt on transactions of a nominal size. Whatever in excess capital we have we still maintain belongs to our shareholders and protecting our financial strength on the balance sheet and our ratings. And the one thing we have been consistent over the last 14 years is being able to manage that and we expect to do that going forward.
Michael Roth: Well look you know, doing the expert on how we multiple, we just deliver results. We are just trying to be as transparent as we can so smart analyst can evaluate what the evaluation of our business today.
Michael Roth: Yes. Let me talk about healthcare, because it’s a great point and it’s obviously a key driver. I mean year-to-date healthcare is 25% of our business, which has been growing as you pointed out over a number of years and of course the performance is our best performing sector. So it's always good to have an overweight in the sector that is over-performing. Now one follows the other obviously. What we are seeing on the healthcare side is exactly what we were talking about in terms of open-architecture. The recent wins in healthcare are basically tailor-made to the open architecture structure. Healthcare company, in fact on in the global, I was in a meeting with one of our global - one of the pitches actually on the global healthcare and they were using the term open architecture to us. So what they are looking for the resources that we have within IPG that can help them either by drug and expertise. So that expertise maybe at SEB, it maybe McCann Health. So we have to be in a position to bring in teams of that expertise and the only way to do that is through an open architecture structure. And healthcare businesses are doing quite well and we have global offerings within that sector that meets the needs of our clients. And then when you overlay PR is I indicated Novartis win, it really gives us a great opportunity to show what open architecture can deliver to the client and the love that and it’s up to us to make sure that is collaboration going within our agencies. Because obviously the same agencies that are collaborating, sometimes they are competing for the same business, so that is the reason we use open architecture as opposed to one single agency per say. So I believe the healthcare is going to continue to perform well in the marketplace and our offerings are best-in-class as reflected by our wins in this sector. The synergies on Acxiom, what I was referring to on the creative side is just think of how powerful it is, our creative people right now have their own data analytics to reach consumers to get it with the right creative that is relevant and trustworthy to that consumer. When you overlay first-party data or data analytics that Acxiom can bring to the table it just makes that offering that much more powerful and if you couple it with media planning and execution you have the holy Grail of our business, but you can’t all of a sudden just do this at one time. So we been very thoughtful about this, which is why we're using our media business as the first blush here, because that is where the biggest opportunities are initially. So we will get that structured correctly as we are comfortable with that, then we will start rolling it out to the creative agencies that we have and all our other agencies, but at first the media focus is where the opportunities are.
Michael Roth: Yes, thank you. I know there was a recent report that showed there was an increase in housing. I think reference was a lot of the programmatic was there. We have been talking all along, yes, we have seen clients in-house programmatic, but that is easier said than done. Programmatic is a very complex tool and even when we actually help our clients bringing in house but the relationships with the various providers, the analytics that go with it, the ability to reaching to the marketplace and have the best deals if you will we could help our clients to do that. And what that enables us to do is continue the relationship between us and our clients and our ability to bring in our expertise. So we haven’t seen huge movement into in-housing on the programmatic side. The slide that is coming in-house is more mechanical part of it. But the relationships and the expertise that we have that we can bring to the table is still relevant to those companies that bring in-house. And by the way it takes a lot of money to invest and maintain that investment over a period of time and that remains to be seen how many of these clients that are bringing in-house are going to continue to do that. Historically we saw a lot of companies bring creative in-house and then eventually go back out and then come back in. So that is nothing new to our industry. We know how to deal with that, but the value that we bring both in terms of the industry expertise, creative talent, media talent and experiential and PR just gives us other reasons to be in front of our clients, even if they take in some part of it in-house. But we haven’t seen there is a dramatic increase as everyone is talking about.
Michael Roth: Okay, well, look thank you very much. Obviously we are excited about our results, but we realized we have a big fourth quarter coming up. We got our heads down and we will walk towards. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: The increase in the incentive advantage due to performance alright. So it's is based on where we think the year is going to land. So there is no surprises there we expected it to be higher as we continue to improve in the top line. On the temp labor, it's quite a little bit around supporting new business wins, new business on-boarding and pitching. So again with growth, you don't have the full-time employees to cover the incremental revenue needs so that is where you hit the temporary labor line.
Frank Mergenthaler: Steven on the margin, we are in the planning process now including MS folks are coming in next week. So we will guide on February call where we think our 2019 margin target will be. So right now I don’t really want to comment on that. On the deleveraging comment, we will say investment grade is critical for us, we have committed to the rating agencies delever, we haven't put a timeline out there as to how we are going to progress against that, other than is very important for us to maintain our investment grade rating and we will delever accordingly.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, but I understand your point and look, we went for a period of time in our Company where EPS was totally irrelevant, because of all the issues we were dealing with. So that is why we think the EBITDA number is a good one to compare this and by the way thank you to your analysis and position that you came out with this morning. We appreciate it.
