Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Jerry and thank you all for joining us this morning. I will begin with a high level view of our performance in the quarter and for the full year. Ellen will then provide additional details. I will conclude with some updates on our agencies to be followed by our usual Q&A. First and foremost, I hope that you and your families continue to remain safe and healthy during the pandemic. As we all know, across much of the globe, the virus is still very much a presence in our daily lives. As such, our first priority continues to be to mitigate the impact of the health crisis on our colleagues and our clients as well as in our business. It’s important to acknowledge the fact that over the past year, across IPG, our people have been subject to a range of extraordinary challenges. Their achievements have been remarkable and I want to very clearly express our admiration for their resilience and our appreciation for their ongoing commitment and effort. Moving now to our results, we are pleased to report a solid fourth quarter under conditions that continue to be challenging and full year performance that once again should place us at the top of our sector. In the fourth quarter, our organic growth change of net revenue was negative 5.4%. You will recall that our Q4 2019 result was organic growth of 2.9%, which included significant headwinds from certain client losses. So, for context, it’s worth noting that our continuing book of business from last year’s fourth quarter, which we were essentially lapping in Q4 2020, was a 5.6% growth number. In the U.S., the organic decrease in the quarter was 1.8% against a similarly challenging underlying U.S. comp of 6.4% growth in Q4 ‘19. In international markets, our organic decrease for fourth quarter 2020 was 10.5%. For the full year, our organic net revenue decrease was 4.8%. As you would expect, those results continue to reflect the effect of the pandemic, which has had widely varying impacts on our businesses and clients. Our event companies, in particular, which are typically strong in the fourth quarter, continue to bear the brunt of the health situation given that restrictions on public gatherings remained in place in most markets around the world. Conversely, during the quarter, we continued to build positive momentum in disciplines such as media planning and investment. Additionally, client sectors such as healthcare and retail, which have been our growth leaders for the duration of the health crisis, continued to perform strongly in the fourth quarter.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, Alexia. Thank you for the question. Look, I think that the delta that you saw in the fourth quarter when it came to international vis-à-vis U.S. was really just a continuation of a trend that we’ve seen during the course of the year. But I think it’s really just a matter of degree and not something that’s indicative of what we’re going to be looking at or expecting. I wouldn’t project that into 2021. And so in terms of sort of getting underneath that for you, I’d say that the key driver of that was really sector mix, right? So first and foremost, I’d point out that health care was our strongest performer all year and that skews very heavily to the U.S. by a factor probably of about 2:1. And that’s just a function of how Interpublic was built over time. And I think it’s also reflective of the fact that direct-to-consumer advertising, obviously, is not something that exists in most world markets. So I would think of health care as a place where we had much more sail to the wind in the U.S. than elsewhere in around the globe in what is clearly one of our strongest client sectors. And health care also is – has a lot of Q4 project revenue. So we saw more of that realized here. The second piece of how I would think about that split is media was a strong performer for us in Q4. So we talked when the pandemic hit about the fact that, that had been dialed back in Q2, clients reacted to what was going on with the economic situation by shutting down largely the digital media. So we started to see that come back in Q3. It came back stronger in Q4. And so again, there by virtue of the fact that the U.S. is our largest market, there was more upside. And then the other two factors that I think have to do with this are Acxiom has a significantly larger business in the U.S. than in rest of world. It’s clearly a less cyclical business so it was much less susceptible to what I guess you could call it kind of a Q4 project squeeze than were the project-based businesses. And then lastly, on a couple of our calls as we went through the year last year, we did call out the fact that the pandemic was probably going to have an impact and there was a risk to Q4 project spend, right. And that definitely played out, and it played out to a much greater degree on the international side of things. And I think that there were clearly more pandemic restrictions on gatherings, on holiday-themed events, even actually on kind of retail level activation, so, experiential and events where as we said to you, about 5% of our business, and it was clearly impacted throughout the year. Ex-U.S., the impact of that was again about 2:1 outside of the U.S. and clearly not in anybody’s favor. So hopefully, that will sort of get you a sense of – and then in terms of one of the things that’s good about a succession that has a lot of continuity to it is that our clients and our people feel comfortable. I think one of the things that may be not so good is that I still have to tell you that we don’t – we are not planning on kind of reporting on a quarter-by-quarter – on a month-by-month basis, sorry about that. So what we are seeing in the very early stages of ‘21 is it’s a very limited small sample size and that’s something we are likely to give anybody insight into.
Philippe Krakowsky: So the supposition about share of wallet and about the fact that our top 100 or so clients are likely outpacing the rest of the portfolio is a fair one. I would say that, that’s definitely something that we are seeing. And that’s something that we would like to see more of obviously, because there it’s a smarter way to grow than to be reliant on reviews and things of that nature. And then I also think that the fact of the matter is that, that confluence of marketing and technology is having an impact in every company. And I think that, as you said, the pandemic has brought forward the need for companies in a very broad range of spaces, including companies and industries that are probably not as data-rich or that were not as reliant on certain mechanisms to be reaching consumers or to be thinking about sort of lifetime customer value with consumers, things of that nature. So it’s definitely something that we’re very focused on. And it was one of the reasons I wanted to call out in the opening remarks, give some sort of detail and color into the kinds of engagements and how when you have media that allows you to really understand audiences and engage with them and then when you bring data into the core and it informs everything from the insights that lead to the ideation, all of the ways in which the messages are served out, and then you begin to have kind of essentially the capacity to optimize not just in some of the traditionally sort of digital capabilities where you could do that. Everything clearly is becoming more and more addressable. So that’s definitely an area of focus for us and then for the management teams at the bulk of our agencies.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I am trying to figure out which maybe I’ll go from the back to the front. So I think media has been an area where by virtue of the fact that you have very sizable budgets that are being invested and by virtue of the fact that the shift to digital in recent years has allowed there to be greater precision and a degree of accountability, because I think that it’s also fair to say that it is an opaque ecosystem and that some of the expectation of accountability that people had. It took a while for us to really understand what was going on there. But I think what we’ve had is we’ve had the ability to have conversations with clients in the media space that are about more than perhaps just the marketing side of their business, they really – their business conversations around the ROI around those investments. And so I think that across most of the groups, there’s been investment behind that. We’ve taken a different approach perhaps than our peers. As you know, when it comes to building a model that was much more consultative in nature, and it was not really one that was predicated on volume. And so what we tend to define was that again, there was a lot of interest in what we were able to do by pulling together understanding of audiences, by launching initially our own programmatic platform or at least our own programmatic trading desk and then the data stack that we began to develop ourselves prior to the investment that we made into Acxiom. So I think that those are all the logical reasons why media has been a growth driver and just the huge fragmentation that we’ve seen and the complexity that has come with the media channels and as we all remember, Michael always used to say, complexity is good. Complexity definitely created opportunity for us to provide consultative services to clients now on sector disclosure, that’s a tougher one for me to – I understand and respect that the question from your point of view is if I’m trying to analyze the space and to model performance, I clearly would want to bucket and quantify the sectors. And then hopefully, I think you will understand and respect that my answer is not going to conform directly to that because it’s not actually how we run the business. So as I mentioned initially, and as we were just discussing on the prior question, increasingly, we engage with clients by bringing multiple agencies and competencies to the table. That’s the integrated approach with open architecture. We now ground those solutions in a layer of data and/or technology services. Clearly, media is an important part of that. So the performance of the disciplines is tied very closely together. And one of the things that I think the operators get tired of hearing me say is the word interdependence. So there’s that there’s the fact that for many years, we’ve embedded digital into all of the agencies. And I think that it makes the specific agency’s offerings more relevant, but it also does give us that common language for working together, right. And so going back quite a few years now, when the industry was becoming much more digitized, the number of our peers started to highlight this percentage of digital revenue, and we didn’t, and we believe that the best barometer to see whether the strategy is working and to gauge our performance is organic growth, right. You look at the last 4 to 5 years, for last 5 to 6 years even and you have an average of 4% to 5% per year organic growth. So, this is pre-pandemic, right. So I think you conclude from that, that the performance of all of the agencies is quite solid. And we do highlight on performers. So media, healthcare in recent years clearly have to be north of that range. But I would point out that timeframe during that 5 to 6 year timeframe the creative agencies have posted growth, right. And you – when you look at a sector like healthcare, it’s positively impacting not just our health care specialist agencies, but it’s an important driver in media. It’s in some of the ad agencies, right. It’s in the PR space. So the focus for us is the client, their consumers, supporting the brands and then driving to this collaboration. So starting to pick the pieces apart, I think, runs counter to philosophically what we are trying to build.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi, Michael. Thank you. Look, I mean, I think that in the U.S., knowing that we came into the year comping against the year last year where there was growth. And we had those three pretty sizable client losses as you say, there has been – it’s been remarkably resilient. And obviously, that might be because there has been a little bit less in the way of restrictions on certain kinds of behavior. And I think that there may be other extenuating factors. But I would think that what we are seeing here and what we are seeing in Europe vis-à-vis changes in behavior goes to people are definitely moving faster to trying to understand what is e-com do for them, what is connected commerce sort of to what extent can you take social and other channels. And I think you probably just saw today, TikTok kind of clearly making any number of things sort of shoppable on the platform. And so I think that it’s fairly intuitive what’s going on, which is that clients are either looking at ways to use digital channels to drive commerce or they’re looking at ways to use their first-party data and to do much more CRM-like activity. I mean, there’s no kind of magic wand on this one. It’s pretty much what you’d expect. And then in terms of the psychology of it, I think its part of what is contributing to the – just the caution that people have as they look to this year. I mean, I would bet you that there isn’t anybody I know, and I’m sure that these are pretty extraordinary circumstances, right? So would any of us have thought that we would still be working from home or in lockdown a year after the pandemic began, right. So that’s just informing the fact that people are being deliberate. I don’t think people are reacting quite as there isn’t as much of a pullback as there was when the initial shock hit. But now there’s the sense of even though we are beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel, are we really going to get there on the time line that we are hoping for or might there be some forks in the road on the way to that. So I think that psychologically that’s – it’s just about people being thoughtful and a bit cautious but people are still engaged.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I mean, I think that – I am trying to – that’s a lot in one go, but the project-based businesses, as we pointed out, were the ones that were most impacted. And so I think if you look at where the decline in the quarter was felt most – what dragged. So if you look at again, not that for us, the sectors are how we are running the business. But if you looked at what the CMG sector had and then you think about where our overall performance was, you can see that that’s where a disproportionate amount of the drag was. And then on a country-by-country basis, in a market like Europe, when you think about the fact that the continent for us is 8% of total revenue, it’s down 7.3%. Some of those markets are actually not really all that big for us. And so what you have happening there, I think, is less kind of a macro or a secular trend and it’s really, really very sector specific. So it really comes down to client mix in some of those markets where if you have exposure to certain areas, it hurts you more than others.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, thank you. Thank you all for joining us. We appreciate the interest. We appreciate the support. We look forward to continued conversations over the course of this year, and it’s a long game. So everybody stays safe. Thanks again.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I want to reiterate Philippe’s comments and hoping that everyone is safe and healthy. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our website. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation, our organic net revenue change was negative 5.4% in the quarter. In the U.S., our organic decrease improved sequentially and was only 1.8%, while in our international markets that decrease was 10.5%. The U.S. outperformed international due to a mix of client sectors and the offerings in the U.S. that were less impacted by the current macroeconomic environment and with the effects of the pandemic and lockdowns in the UK, Europe and in some parts of Asia-Pacific, which weighed on revenue. Fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin was 21.8% before restructuring charges compared to 21.1% a year ago. Our EBITDA was $244.9 million and was $498.8 million before the restructuring charge compared with $512.7 million a year ago. For the quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.28 as reported, while our adjusted diluted earnings per share is $0.86. The adjustments exclude the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles, the charge for restructuring and non-operating losses on the sales of certain small non-strategic businesses. Our cash flow from operations was strong for the year at $1.8 billion and our liquidity continues to be solid at $4.5 billion of cash and committed credit facilities at quarter end. Our restructuring program resulted in charges of $413.8 million during the year, which we expect will result in annualized permanent expense savings of approximately $160 million. We have concluded our actions under the program. This morning, as Philippe noted, our Board approved a 6% increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.27 per share. Turning to Slide 3, you will see our P&L for the quarter. I will cover revenue and operating expenses in detail in the slides that follow. Turning to Q4 revenue on Slide 4, our net revenue in the quarter was $2.28 billion. Compared to Q4 2019, the impact of the change in exchange rates was positive 10 basis points. Net divestitures were negative 80 basis points, which is the impact of the disposition of certain small non-strategic businesses over the past 12 months. Our reviews are ongoing and we expect to continue to have additional small dispositions as we move forward. Our organic net revenue change was a decrease of 5.4%. As you can see on the right hand side of the slide, that brings our organic change for the full year to negative 4.8%. At the bottom of this slide, we break out our segments. The organic change in our EM segment was a decrease of 3.8%. As a reminder, EM includes our global and domestic creatively-led integrated agencies, our media, data and technology offerings, and our digital specialists. IPG DXTRA, the re-branded CMG, is our global group of highly collaborative marketing service specialists. The organic change in the quarter was negative 15.1%, which reflects the disproportionate weight of live events and sports marketing within the segment, which has been most significantly impacted by the pandemic.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you for the question. Listen, return of capital, as we mentioned, remains a priority. I think you can see that by the actions the Board did today against our dividend. Our priority is to maintain a strong balance sheet. We plan on paying down our debt that is due in October. But share repurchases is something we are looking to get back to the resume so that we maintain the capital return mix that we have in the past, so…
Ellen Johnson: And then with regards to your question regarding restructuring, first of all, I have to say that our teams did an amazing job with the program. All throughout the year, they continue to look for opportunities to really take the learnings from this time period and take actions against it that would result in the permanent savings that we’re projecting. So we do expect to see savings, both on the SRS line and on occupancy as a result of it. The accounting for leases is neither intuitive or linear so you will see some savings in 2021 but you will see more thereafter as the leases start to get subleased. So – and leases, as you imagined, have longer paybacks, right, because they’re over several years. So hopefully – but again, we are very confident that we’ll realize these permanent savings and are really grateful for all the efforts of our teams in undertaking it.
