Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our second quarter and first half results. I’ll start by covering the highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional detail, and I’ll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A. We are extremely pleased to report strong second quarter financial performance. Our organic net revenue growth was 5.6%. Operating income increased 10.4% and our operating margin expanded 50 basis points from a year ago. U.S. growth continue to be strong at 4.6% in the quarter, while international organic growth accelerated to 7.2% paced by double-digit increases in the UK and Continental Europe and by growth in every world region. The quarter reflects revenue increases across all disciplines led by exceptional growth in media and at our creatively led integrated agencies, our digital services, public relations, events and sports marketing. And the list of contributing agencies is long, most notably Mediabrands, McCann Worldgroup, FCB, MullenLowe, Huge, Weber Shandwick, Golin, Octagon and Jack Morton. This breadth highlights the distinctive competitiveness of our offerings based on the talents of our people, the expanding value of our data and analytics practices and our ability to bring collaborative open architecture solutions to market. Together, these strengths continue to drive outlook for our clients while furthering our leadership position in the contemporary marketing and media landscape. In terms of client sectors in the quarter, we were led by increases in healthcare, financial services, government, consumer goods and auto and transportation. We saw increases from both net new business wins and existing client spend. Q2 operating profit was $249 million and our net revenue operating margin was 12.8% compared with 12.3% a year ago. Our ongoing expense discipline drove operating leverage on our investment, in base payroll and our expenses for occupancy. Increased expense for incentive comp and SG&A in the quarter reflect our outperformance of operating targets through six months, along with our outlook for continued solid performance. Through the first six months of the year, organic growth was 4.7%. Operating profit increased 10.6% and our operating margin on net revenue has expanded 30 basis points. Second quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.37 as reported and it was $0.43 as adjusted for non-operating impact of our disposition of certain small non-strategic agencies in the quarter. For the six months, diluted EPS was $0.34 and was $0.45 as adjusted. During the quarter, we used $60 million to repurchase 2.6 million shares. Turning to our outlook for the year, you will recall that we came into the year with financial targets of 2% to 3% organic growth and 60 to 70 basis points of operating margin expansion. In April, following our first quarter, we raised our sights to the high end of the revenue growth range. At mid-year, we’re confident that performance to-date and the current tone of business have us on track to deliver net revenue organic growth of 4% to 4.5% this year. We also remain well positioned to deliver on 60 to 70 basis points of net revenue operating margin expansion, excluding one-time deal expenses for our acquisition of AMS, which we expect in this year’s second half and we’ll call out accordingly. This is an exciting time for our company. We continue to drive growth that leads our industry from a foundation of outstanding consumer insights, grounded in data analytics, standout creativity and precisely targeted communications. Further, our announcement earlier this month to acquire Acxiom Marketing Solutions means that as we work towards closing, we continue to have the pleasure of getting to know more of their people even better. Together, we look forward to mapping the many shared opportunities ahead of us with unrivaled industry resources and data management that are poised to be further leveraged in the media and marketing world. The reception of our announcement by our people and the people of AMS and the support and enthusiasm of clients has been highly encouraging. Current thinking remains that the transaction will close early in the fourth quarter. At this stage, I’d like to turn things over to Frank for additional details, and after his remarks, I’ll be back to provide an update on our agencies and our outlook, which includes AMS to be followed by the Q&A.
Michael Roth: I was wondering when I would say this. You don’t accept the fact that we’re just better than everyone else, right. Look, we’ve been – if anything, we’ve been consistent. We believe in investing in our brands and our people, and we continue to focus on that as a key go-to-market strategy, utilizing the open architecture platform where we keep our brands, we recognize the culture of each of our brands, but yet we respect all the offerings at IPG and we bring them in on a collaborative basis to be very client-centric. That is the mantra of all of us at IPG, and frankly, it’s working in the marketplace. We didn’t have to restructure our entire company and we’ve been doing this now for 12 to 13 years. And it’s that culture and coupled it with talent that really resonates with our clients. They feel the commitment on all of our people with respect to the client-centric aspect of what they do and the ability to raise your hand and bring in other offerings within IPG. And frankly, our clients, we have relationships with clients for 75 years and we have new business. And what’s attractive about our results in this quarter, we did see a return to growth in our top 20 clients. As you know, that was a challenge going through the difficult period our sector was seeing. So we saw growth in our top 20 clients, but we also saw growth in the next level of clients that we have and we continue to see growth in the project-based business. If you recall, we’ve been talking about how our industry has been changing more and more to project-based performance. So we see that particularly in the digital offerings that we have where we see project-based businesses continue to grow. And in the CMG, whether it would be the PR, experiential, sports marketing, those businesses are performing well on a project basis. So since we have the full offering, coupled with our outperforming media business, we really have the integrated offering that has resonated in the marketplace. So frankly, when you put that all together, I think that accounts for what we’re seeing. We saw an improvement actually in CPG, which is – it’s not a huge improvement. But for quarters now, we’ve been seeing negative. So it’s great to see that stabilize and actually be positive. Actually CPG was positive for us in the quarter both worldwide and in the U.S. We continue to see healthcare as a driving force. I mean, healthcare is 24% of our business and we’re seeing double-digit growth and we have very powerful offerings between McCann Health and FCB Health. We have two of the best in the business and that’s resonating. And what’s great about the healthcare business, it relies on very powerful data analytics and we have very strong data analytics already existing within IPG, particularly in healthcare side of the business. And if you couple that with the open architecture where we bring in our PR businesses which are performing on a global basis, you see the kind of results we have. So I’m really proud of the way all of our strategies are coming together, and I think you’re seeing that in our results.
Michael Roth: Well, in particular, we saw Mediabrands and McCann grow in Continental Europe, and there we did have some new businesses coming on board both at McCann as well as Mediabrands. So we saw that as a key driver. For example, in Spain, in France, obviously, some wins at McCann with a new business win at L’Oreal. And we’ve seen – that’s where we saw consumer goods coming back a bit, in particular, Unilever and some of our auto. So it’s a combination of new business and some existing clients returning to solid spend.
Michael Roth: Yes. Our top 20 clients, as you know, makes up a nice portion of our portfolio, and for a while there, it was level. Now we haven’t seen a return in our top 20 of the growth rates that we’re seeing in some of our new business and particularly in the healthcare and some of our tech and telecom clients. So that’s accounting for the actual growth. But the solid spend on our top 20 clients on a global basis is sort of the bread and butter of our business, so we’re pleased to see it. But it hasn’t come back to a point where it was like a year or two ago where those – the top 20 clients, their growth was, frankly, outpacing the rest of the company. So to be honest, it was great to see the growth coming back, but I think we have more opportunity now to gain, as you say, market share from those existing clients as we introduce the open architecture and pick up new business from those existing top 20 clients.
Michael Roth: Let me take the second one first. There’s no question, as a result, we’re net new business positive that we will see some tailwinds coming into the second half, which is a nice position to have. So we have a combination of new business wins driving organic growth in the second half as well as continued spend both with our existing clients and the project-based businesses, which is what I alluded to in the first half. So I guess the answer is it’s both and it’s nice to not have headwinds going into the second half which we all have experienced in the past. Our pipeline is solid. We have two major reviews on the way. One is one we’ve been talking about for a while, and that continues to be the U.S. Army. I think we’re heading close to a decision on the U.S. Army. A lot of things being written about that. Basically, what I’ll say is we continue to do great work, the results of the work that McCann in particular is doing at U.S. Army is positive. I think the clients view it that way. And as you know, it’s a retention pitch and a lot of our competitors are in this one. So we’re anxiously awaiting the results of that. But with respect to 2018, we won’t see any impact of any decision with respect to the Army. Obviously, the Army also covers other disciplines within IPG. So it would be a great retention if – as we’ve done in the past, but that one, we’ll just wait and see what’s happening. The other one is FCA on the media side of the business. That’s been a great client and it continues to be a great client for Mediabrands and UM, and we’re in the process of the finals on that pitch. I know there’s been some changes in leadership in that organization and – but we think we’re very well positioned. The team – we just saw the team yesterday, some of them, and they’re feeling pretty good about it. So those are the biggest two in terms of risk and we have a number of clients and potential clients in the pipeline. What’s interesting, a lot of these new pitches now are under the radar. So we can’t really talk about it because they haven’t been put out there or if they’re out there, the list of who’s contending isn’t listed. So you could assume if there’s a major pitch out there that we’re not precluded to from as a result of conflicts, we’re participating. And usually it was creative, which we’re participating with more than one agency, although the tendency these days is to see more media pitches than creative pitches out there.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Dan. We thought that was going to be the first question actually. Look, it’s a combination of both. Obviously, as our performance is stronger, we see incentive comp kicking in, which is the way it’s supposed to work. If our business units perform, that’s how our incentive comp works. So we see that. And we also – as we onboard new business wins and as organic growth is there, we tend to invest more in people and in our brands. And so I think part of that reason is why we held the margin expansion. And candidly, 50 to 60 basis point margin improvement is a pretty strong improvement. So we felt it’s best to be cautionary in terms of margin expansion, although we do see line of sight into the organic growth number that we put out there. Fascinating question about the – where the calls are coming. Most of the calls and discussions are around media, of course. In fact, Philip, myself and the rest of the team were down in Conway Arkansas meeting with the team, and it was really amazing because they have teams servicing these really large multinational clients that they have. Remember, AMS, they represent 50 of the top 100 Dow Jones – S&P companies and they have teams. And all of these teams, just want – they were chomping it a bit to see how they could work together with us. So it was really exciting to see. They have an aggressive culture of how they expand their businesses and they see this as a tremendous opportunity to add value to these clients. Remember these clients are sticky clients. They’ve been there for years. We did extensive due diligence on how these clients view AMS, and uniformly, the feedback we got on the due diligence was they were – they obviously, they’re very able. They are great in terms of responsiveness and their relationships couldn’t be better. So that was really exciting for us when we met these teams down there. And on the other side, our existing clients are anxious to see what we can bring to the table and how it works. And in fact, frankly, it is on the media side, but on the IPG side, we actually have to hold back the rest of our agencies, which is why I put the comment in the opening remarks. We don’t want to inundate AMS all at one time and overload them. But all of our agencies are calling in to see how they can work with AMS to enhance their opportunities. And frankly, on some new business pitches, we see opportunities where we can pitch together and add value. So this is really very exciting for us. And as we dig deeper into this AMS, we get more excited about the opportunities.
Michael Roth: Well, our business is seasonal, and as you know, the fourth quarter, for example, accounts for, a lot of our revenue growth as well as our margins. So that accounts for the back end – back half of the year being better expansion than the first half of the year. I’m sorry, your other question had to do with working capital. Working capital has always been very volatile, Tim. And we saw significant inflows of cash in the fourth quarter 2017. That generates significant outflows first quarter of 2018. Go back and look over time the amount of outflows first half of the year is kind of in the realm of consistency. So there’s nothing abnormal going on there, and primarily it’s driven by the volatility in media.
Michael Roth: Sure. Look, the consolidation under the Reprise had two aspects to it but the main driver was the revenue growth. The synergies among those businesses are compelling, having one leadership over the Mediabrands as a business unit. It’s compelling, and frankly, we’ve seen positive results. Rerpise has performed very well in terms of their growth. And so we’re pleased with that move and we think that’s the way it should go as we go forward. Cadreon also is performing very well, and yes, it was intentional. Remember Cadreon was an organic growth vehicle for us. It started locally. It’s now expanded globally, and candidly, we see Cadreon as a key beneficiary of the AMS transaction because there are a number of clients within AMS that we currently don’t perform services at IPG and programmatic buying on a centralized global basis that Cadreon brings to the table with its expertise is something that we see is a huge opportunity for us. And it’s not inconsistent for many of these companies to use separate providers for programmatic buying. So that was a key component of some of the revenue synergies we see going forward. So we’re very pleased in terms of what Cadreon is doing and the way it’s structured. And I don’t know what other companies are doing in terms of putting them within brands but I think I’ll let the Cadreon performance speak for itself in terms of how we operate.
Michael Roth: Well, first of all, we don’t have anything built into 2018 for AMS. So that’s a pure organic growth. And yes, once we close on the transaction, we view it as positive to our overall organic growth and, frankly, accretive to us from a financial point of view. So yes, nothing that you – anything that we’ve been talking about 2018 excludes any impact other than the expenses. One of the reasons that we called out expenses not counting against the margin is when we close in the fourth quarter, we’ll be booking the expenses for the transaction. Candidly, the accountants don’t let us capitalize those expenditures as they used to. So we’ll have a P&L hit for those expenses, a onetime nonrecurring expense with every quarter that we close the transaction.
Michael Roth: Yes. I know. Our competitors would like to know that too. So I don’t think I’m going to give you that, but I can assure you that one of the reasons for our growth certainly is the growth in Mediabrands and it’s not just Mediabrands. It’s our – it’s the business units within Mediabrands that are growing very nicely. We saw our initiative with their global wins. UM continues to perform well and Cadreon and Reprise are all growing. So Mediabrands is a great performer and it’s consistent, and obviously, we like the margins coming out of that business as well, but we don’t call that out.
Michael Roth: Sure. Thank you, Craig. Well, GDPR, we did see a little bit of a confusion in May when the whole thing was kicking in but it’s pretty much settled down. Now we’ve spent a long time getting ready for GDPR, and so we were very pleased. We actually have a presentation to our board on how we’re positioned with GDPR. And I think the transition and the issues have gone very smoothly for us. So we saw a little bit of a slowdown in May but it seems to have come back to normal. I think that’s what’s happening in the industry. I think I read a piece this morning that said that. So yes, GDPR. And we view this as an opportunity again for Acxiom. The privacy issues are clearly not going away and we know there’s been an initiative in California. I would expect to see that expand throughout the United States. And good trustworthy first-party data that’s cleansed and clean, if you will, is going to be a valuable asset of both the clients and working with us. So it’s another reason why we think the Acxiom transaction is a plus. The sectors that quite aren’t performing as well, we see some strain on the food and beverage side of the business. Some of that had to do with some existing client cutbacks. Retail was not doing as well as it has in the past. There too, we saw – some of that was some client losses and some pullbacks in major companies. Second, tech and telecom is interesting. Our new business on tech and telecom, we’re doing quite well and it’s growing. Some existing clients in the tech and telecom sector had some major cutbacks. So that, frankly, was outweighing some of the new business wins and growth. But I’d say the tech and telecom on a global basis is doing a little better than in the U.S. and we hope to see some of those clients begin to start spending again because, frankly, they’re in very competitive markets and they have to spend in order to compete. So we hope to see that spend coming back but it was really one or two major companies that had a drag on tech and telecom.
Michael Roth: Well, we do have tailwinds in the second half, which obviously accounts for our comfort level in the revised organic growth.
Michael Roth: Yes, I think I called them out. Actually, all three of our global networks performed quite well in the quarter as well as our – some of our independents in terms of net new business wins. I mean that’s what I’m excited about in our results. It’s Mediabrands and it’s the creative-driven agencies and some of it is through the open architecture. So, yes, you see the McCann, the FCB and the MullenLowe is performing well. It’s nice to see them in the growth mode that they’re in. And frankly, the tone of the business from those business reviews was positive, which is why we’re feeling comfortable about the numbers that we put out.
Michael Roth: Yes. I mean, it’s a blended growth rate that we use. Some of our agencies are doing better than others. And one of the benefits of a holding company is exactly that. It’s a holding company. We have multiple assets in multiple regions, in multiple disciplines. And if everything’s going well in those markets, where it’s maybe a challenge in other markets, it’s going well. And that’s what accounts for, in this case, a positive organic growth. So it’s a blended organic growth as well as margin. And in one quarter, it may be more creative, but Mediabrands has been doing quite well consistently over the number of quarters and we’re excited about it. Media is – just look at the reviews that are out there. It’s where a lot of the action is right now in terms of reviews and value-added in terms of the tools and resources that we bring to the table. So it’s not unrealistic to think that a lot of the growth that we see going forward still comes from Mediabrands but it’s nice to have the blended organic growth that we’re getting throughout the organization.
Michael Roth: No, we think – in fact, we have tailwinds going into the second half. That takes into consideration. That’s a net number. When we say tailwinds, that’s net of headwinds. So we have more good news and bad news so far. Okay. Well, thank you very much. Obviously, we’re excited about the results. We’re very proud of our organization and the people and we look forward to our next call. Thank you so much.
