Michael Isor Roth: Yeah. Well, thank you, Alexia. Yeah. I think our standout performance is obvious in our results. We consistently say this, we look at it on a full year basis. I know we try to meet your objectives in terms of modeling on a quarter-by-quarter basis, but clients don't operate that way. So as we said in the third quarter when we were a little softer in the third quarter, what we said was we saw some softening in our healthcare business and we had some deferrals if you will going into the fourth quarter due to some of the accounting rules on new business. So we believe if you look at on a full year basis, our performance in the U.S. after pass-throughs of 4.8% is pretty impressive and that's indicative of the fact that the tone of the business in the fourth quarter was pretty solid. The one area in the fourth quarter that we did see some pullback was on some project based businesses, particularly in the events. But we did see a recovery in the U.S. in the fourth quarter and it's really not a recovery, what we saw, what we expected to see for the full year. And so, as a result, we did not see the softening that some of our competitors see in the U.S. market. The U.S. market continues to be 61% of our business overall, that will fluctuate from 60% to 62%, but obviously it's important. All of our businesses in the U.S. are very strong, particularly our digital agencies, our media agencies, our independent agencies as well as obviously, McCann, FCB, and MullenLowe had a good result in New York and U.S. So overall we're confident in the U.S. And, as the U.S. economy continues to grow, hopefully, we will see the benefits of that. So the tone continues to be solid.
Michael Isor Roth: Actually we have not seen head-to-head competition with them in most of our businesses. So, a lot of the stories are more anecdotal. But a lot of these consultants are already at our clients, and they're doing system integration. And so, while they're doing the system integration, they've added digital capabilities and some of them have bought creative agencies to try to encroach on our space, if you will. But, what they cannot do is circling on the creative side. They're not going to have the firepower that we have across all of our agencies. Just look at the awards at McCann, at FCB, at MullenLowe, on the creative side of our businesses. And on a head-to-head basis, they're not going to be able to compete on the creative side. And, the other key aspect of the integrated offering, which we bring to the table. That includes media, PR, digital, experiential. So I don't see these system integrators being capable of competing with us if we deliver that integrated offering, which is why our open architecture model is so important in the competitive environment, because head-to-head they just can't possibly bring in all of these resources. So I view it as some way down the road that consultancy more in the business transformation side of the equation is where they're going to be making some in roads. And as a result, we are – we have frankly beefing up our areas on business transformation, R/GA has gotten a lead on that in terms of their practice and we see it in the strong results and frankly if you look at the right up of why they will pick this among the Ad Age A agencies. The fact that they moved into that space was a good indication of their vision and frankly, we believe that's a space that all of our agencies are going to have capabilities in.
Michael Isor Roth: All right. Thank you. John. Well first of all, as I said, look we're very pleased with the results in Continental Europe. It represents 9% of our overall business and I've said in the past when our results were not that good in Continental Europe, we are not as big compared to the rest of our portfolio. So client wins and losses have an impact on our performance, and fortunately between Mediabrands and McCann, we've had some good wins in Continental Europe including all the – at McCann, and we're seeing the positive results of that. That said, I don't believe given the economic environment in Continental Europe, that we can continue to deliver high single digit results in that marketplace, especially our comps get a little harder as we go forward. But the good news about it is, A, with positive results in Continental Europe, we get to use some of our NOLs, which is reflected in our effective cash tax rate, which is a good thing and our effective rate. It also – we're expanding some margin in Continental Europe, so all of that is positive. But I wouldn't say that we should continue to have, I hope it's true, but we should continue to have the kind of the growth that we've seen in Continental Europe. We still think Continental Europe is going to be facing some issues. And therefore we're not counting on a full recovery in Continental Europe, but it's great to have some great clients in Continental Europe as a base for our business there. As far as the Department of Justice, as you know, we were the first ones to come out and publicly announced the receipt of the subpoenas, if you will. We had at one local agency in the United States. And after that, all of our competitors in the holding companies have received similar request. As I said before, we're certainly giving them whatever material we're collaborating as best we can. We have a – first of all it's not a big part of our business. In this case, it has to do with video production. Production is in the low single digits of our entire business. And in this case, it's video production, and we do have a process of triple bidding if you will, we stick to that. At this point, we haven't changed significantly our internal policies, because we already have internal policies that we believe are very strong. And we'll cooperate and see where this leads us, but we haven't seen any much action on that other than what you've read.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah. Look, it's a good question. Every year, we look at unproductive assets if you will, that aren't delivering margin and are non-strategic. This is not us exiting a business within IPG. They are discrete businesses, and frankly some of them were losing money, as they didn't fit in our overall portfolio. So, if you look back at the history of our company, we've had this before and as I indicated it will impact our revenue for 2017 by 90 basis points, but it should improve margin. And there is no theme to it other than, we look at our businesses, we see if they are adding value. We look if they're going to need capital, whether they're adding to our margins and are they consistent with our overall future direction of the company. But it's not like we're exiting a particular business. One example, as you've read, the one that's public is daily (47:43). We sold it back to management. They have some good client relationships which we continue to support and we think that this was a good transaction both for the clients to which they serve internal management. And frankly from a management perspective of IPG, we'd rather be spending a lot of our time managing our existing portfolio. So that's the type of transactions that are in there. But we're not exiting a major business plan or anything like that. Frank will answer on the conversion. But I think it's a subtle way of asking why our conversion in 2016 was not as high as it historically has been, and what are we assuming conversion in 2017? Let me just say that, we continue to convert at very high levels, if you will. As we get to our famous 13% target, which I'll say again is not the ceiling. It's just a number we drew in the sand, gets a little more difficult to convert at the 30% which you have seen historically. That said, for 2016, we did convert at a healthy rate. 50 basis points is not something that we're hanging our head down on. And one of the reasons that conversion wasn't quite where it should be is we did have some charges, if you will for the year, on some of our acquisitions. The way this accounting goes in terms of valuations, if the business you've acquired is doing better than you thought when you did it, the accounting rules require us to have a charge which affects our margin. For 2016, if you compared it to the same charge – a similar charge we had in 2015, which was not as large, it affected our margins by about 15 basis points. So, that was a drag on our margin for 2016. If you look at it from that perspective, our conversion rate was closer to 24%, 25% – 24% than the 30%. Going into 2017 at a 3% to 4% organic growth and the conversion rates that we believe we can realize, the 50 basis point margin expansion reflects a higher conversion than we experienced in 2016. But it's in a range, this isn't exact science and we're very comfortable with the number we've put out for 2017. Frank, you want to...
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah. Fine. Look, as I've said before, everyone is hopeful that we'll see tax reform and what we've said before, if there is tax reform certainly in the corporate tax environment. That would benefit IPG, it would benefit our clients. If there is a better environment and consumer sentiment is up, that's going to benefit us and it will benefit our clients. So yeah, I mean we're all keeping our fingers crossed, and hope something like that will happen in the marketplace. But we do our forecasting and we do our numbers based on a bottoms up. Our clients, when you talk to our clients, they're wishing too, but they're not counting on it. And I think at this point the expenditures that we're seeing are based on a business as normal. Looking at markets where they can gain market share, looking at where we can add value in terms of increasing their goals if you will in terms of sales. And so I think potentially it's on the upside, if we do see that and we do see consumer sentiment and the opportunity to bring foreign cash over into the United States. Whenever clients have more money to spend, they're going to look to grow their business. And if they look to grow their business, I can't think of a better place for them to put their money than in advertising. So it's – we move the needle and we're ready, willing and able to help them do that. So I think the numbers that you're seeing that we've put out reflect more or less a business as usual, which isn't bad. If you look at our performance in the U.S., I'll take it if we have business as usual for 2017. I think those are results that we can be proud of. And if we expand our margin at the 50 basis points that we're forecasting, I would say that's a good solid result.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, yes, and the biggest one actually you're referring to was MillerCoors. If you recall on the last quarter, we said that was in review. They had a business consolidation and unfortunately we didn't prevail on that one. Whenever you have a new CMO and a consolidation, it's hard for the incumbents to prevail. Yes, we were net new business positive for 2016. We continue to be so in 2017, we've had a number of wins. Some of our wins if you recall are not publicly announced wins. Our strongest growth – it's an important point, our strongest growth is from our existing clients and you don't see big announcements as we increase our businesses and it's historically always been a strength of IPG, particularly at McCann for example where they have longstanding multinational clients. And they don't make a big deal about picking up brands or reassigning brands and growing their existing portfolio, but that's inherent in our portfolio here. So, the media business, we have a strong pipeline in new business. We had some wins already on the media side for 2017 and we're confident that the numbers we put forth in terms of our forecast, that reflects wins and losses we anticipate for 2017.
Michael Isor Roth: Okay. I'm insulted that you're asking a tax question to Frank, so giving the fact that my history as a tax lawyer, but aside from that, I'll go to the actual...
Michael Isor Roth: Our acquisition pipeline is consistent. Our whole strategy has always been to do strategic bolt-ons or strategic transactions in markets, or expertise that we would like to be thought. We set aside around $200 million in terms of acquisition money and which is pretty consistent with where we were in 2016. And we see the same for 2017. We don't see any big transactions out there. We are always looking at transformational type transactions. For example, many years ago, we looked at (57:12) along with everyone else. And we choose not to do that unless as I said we see a transformational transaction out there. But it doesn't seem to be one out there at the current environmental moment, that would have a big call on our capital. But if there is one, obviously, we'll be opportunistic and it will be consistent with our overall strategy of gaining market share. I'll answer the tax rate question, if you don't mind.
Michael Isor Roth: The NOLs that we have principally in Europe, and the only way for us to use them are to generate income. And so, that's why I say it's encouraging for us to see positive growth in both the UK, and in Continental Europe. And we did in fact, use some of our NOLs. And that's consistently, we have a $1 billion of NOL and that's an opportunity. So if we can really turn the corner in Continental Europe and build up consistent growth and cash taxable income, then we – that's an opportunity for us to continue a low tax rate, if you will, both on the reported side because we do get a benefit. The reason sometimes we talk about, if we have losses in those markets, we don't get a benefit with it – for it in our effective tax rate. So that's one of the reasons our tax rate was slightly higher because we had losses without corresponding tax benefits. If we have gains, it's a double whammy there because we can, in essence, we no longer have a drain from a lost point of view and we can use the NOLs. I might add that, on top of that we do a lot of work on the international tax planning side of our business. And obviously, that's not something we've raised flags about, but what you're seeing in the effect of our tax rate or some utilization if you will of credits and structures that we have, there we believe our good tax planning on an overall basis from a financial and tax point of view.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah. Let me just add to add on – leveraging on that. A part of the increase in our incentive is the effect of our long-term incentives. We have long-term incentives over a period of time two years or three years. So what you're seeing is at these come through and we've had good years, that's where you see the incremental cost if you will on incentive expense. Frankly, that's a pretty good bid, because that shows that our incentive plans are working and that's what we want them to do.
Michael Isor Roth: So with that, I thank you all for your participation. As you can tell, we're very pleased with our results and we look forward to next year and hopefully having similar conversation. Thank you.
