Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. The first question I can unpack only obviously up to a point. So what I think I would call out for you is we've obviously mentioned that with a number of the recent headline decisions, those are clients who remain very important and sizable partners to us. So the focus here is clearly going to be on delivering the best possible service and solutions because unlike other "losses", there's clearly the opportunity to regrow some of those relationships. And the other thing I would point out is I think you're right that at this point, the impact of wins and losses sort of from a net new business perspective, sitting where we are sitting right now, we're essentially neutral. We had a pretty sizable string of wins, say, about a year ago. And so the new business headwind is a question for '25 and yet, we don't have a budget for '25. And it's kind of early to project that far out, given that we've got about half a year to go. And so I think the focus is going to be the new business pipeline growing, new capabilities with existing clients. Obviously, when that large telco loss, it is maybe 70% of what's in that segment down goes away, some recovery in tech would clearly be wind in our sails. And then the strategic assessment of options that we talked about for the digital specialists would also change the math a bit. So I can't really quantify that for you. I can just give you a sense of what the moving parts are. And then I think I'm going to ask Ellen to just sort of step in. Because on the Europe question, you've heard us before, it gets very, very specific with us. It's not a very big region. So it really becomes client specific in a market that can have an impact.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I mean I guess I'll take them in order. But -- so on tone of the business, I would broaden the aperture fairly significantly. And I would say to you that given the levels of uncertainty that we are seeing across the world and I'm talking geopolitically, socially. And then the sense that domestically, fiscal policy is kind of stuck in neutral. It stands to reason that the operating environment has become more challenging. And I know that you heard as much from a couple of our competitors, right? I think we're all seeing the same thing. Now if I wanted to give you a bit more texture to that or detailed granularity from the kinds of conversations you're talking about with clients, I don't think it's like a year ago where there was this pervasive, an almost universal feeling that there was a recession right around the corner. But in the time since the last call that we had with all of you, there is a bit more caution. And the way we see it is decisions on reviews, decisions on client spend are either taking a bit longer to be made or sort of delayed with a little bit of a hey, it's indefinite, we'll get back to it. And that's in certain areas of the business or at some marketers. It's not across the board. But to the extent that it's begun to be something that we're factoring into our thinking, we felt that it needed to be called out. Your principal buying question; look, I think it tracks and it's really consistent with discussions that we've had with you and with all of you when we see each other in settings unlike this one, we've completed the foundational work that incremental dimension to our media offering is now up and running. It is early. It will need time to ramp up. We will and are approaching clients and media partners in a way that's measured because as that part of our buying mix increases steadily over time, we're always going to be a client-first organization. So it's essentially a question of which clients want to opt in which clients want to access the market in this mode. Our media business has been really, really successful for a long time without that. So there are plenty of folks in our portfolio who are part of the franchise because they want the effectiveness, the tools, the data powered kind of decisioning and the platform approach to it. But in essence, we're going to be operating with multiple buying models. So we'll definitely bring principal into pitch situations because we've seen circumstances, I'd say going back to -- we mentioned a loss of Mediabrands in automotive last year where, clearly, the nature and the quality of the product was not in question and yet, that -- the premium on efficiency is something that, as the world has become more uncertain and there's been a lot of this pressure on client P&Ls, cost of money, this broader uncertainty. So we definitely think it will be a benefit because we've seen in circumstances where late in a process, that's become a gating item and a decision that obviously didn't go our way.
Philippe Krakowsky: I'm kind of going for folks who've been following us probably if you look at like a 20-year horizon only; but yes.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure, that's a lot. So on principal, it will take, as I said, sometime, we're very focused on it. We're -- obviously, you have to go into the market, you have to engage with the media owners and secure the inventory in that way. You've got to get clients who opt into the model and understand the benefits. And then, obviously, that volume yields a kind of benefit. So I think that, that will be range and bearing over the course of the next year. And we're going to go -- we're going to move thoughtfully but at pace, as I said, about a few other things. On your M&A question, I think what I would say to you is that I do talk a bit about how our asset mix doesn't tilt as heavily to some of these, at least in terms of scale, the capability sets are there. We show up and win with them. But whether it's that scale is valued by certain kinds of clients because you can sort of show up with something that's a very comprehensive solution and again, efficiency, not even in the media space. But also, clearly, the more sale to win that you have, the better it is. So we are going to look in commerce and retail media in particular. And then I guess the business transformation but I would define it as further down the stack sort of less focused on the comm side and more on engineering and kind of how can you help clients rework processes so that they can be much more digital in the ways that they work, including their marketing. So I think those are areas where we will probably look for inorganic opportunities. And I -- look, you know us very well. We're very thoughtful about how we approach M&A. That's not going to change. We're very balanced in that, as you said, we delevered very quickly. We were very transparent with you about why we were doing it and how we were going to do it given the scale of it. But I think that you could change the growth profile of the business with something out there or maybe one or 2 things that might not be at the scale of what we did with Acxiom. But they're clearly going to be larger than the very modest kinds of deals that we've been known for, for some time. So hopefully, that helps unpack the thinking. And no, you -- I forgot. And then you had the creative question. I guess my observation for you is that creative is still very important and a big idea still matters. If you look at the Kellanova news this week, clearly, a client who we're excited about because they believe that big ideas can have a big impact for them in terms of driving growth and what their mission is coming out of their spin. So I think that creative is important but it is important that you integrate it, that you basically figure out how FCB has done a terrific job for us to plug into the data stack, get more precise about what you do and have that, in essence, incorporated into your strategy and have your strategy be about where business opportunities sit and where business outcomes can be driven. And then you engage all of the deep understanding of brands and the craft around creativity. And then you can actually have pretty good outcomes, right? And so I think there's a way. And then I think the other thing, as I said at the outset also is if you incorporate certain components of what Gen AI tools provide and you can take creativity and bring it to bear in a lot of new ways. You can sort of do ideation faster and get to hypotheses -- good hypotheses, better hypotheses faster. You can democratize creativity and distribute it in ways that reach a lot of your clients. Ancillary audiences or partners that you might not have been able to do in the past; so we're still focused there. We probably, as I said, that's one of those might we have more exposure to traditional relative to some of our peers, yes. And the question is going to be a version of both what I said which is we're going to look at underperformance and think about what needs to be addressed or streamlined but we're also going to keep pushing them to transform.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, stop, start, stop, start, right? So it is not necessarily unexpected at this point. It's something that they've announced and kind of pulled back on and redefined. And even now, I don't know that we know exactly how it's going to play out. I think you've heard us say for a long time that we feel very comfortable with and prepared for a world where proxies go away. And I think you're right that, that would be a world in which Acxiom would be even more valuable to clients. And so when GDPR rolled out, we lost less than 1% of our data. So I think it speaks to the quality of what's there and then the know-how in the first-party data management space. So we would be more than happy. I think you're right, we would welcome and it would probably be a modest accelerant if that Band-Aid eventually gets fully ripped off. But what the stop-start of it has done is that it's made it really clear to clients that they need to take control of their first-party data and they need to have a lot more kind of agency and autonomy when it comes to that. So in a lot of conversations with clients, including some of the wins that we called out, that complexity and the understanding that we can help them figure out how to build and own their own ID Graph means that we're still seeing the benefit of it and we're still seeing opportunity from it. And I think everybody has gotten used to the lack of clarity about whether or when it's really going to fully happen. You're right. I think if we finally cross that line, it would be a modest incremental upside to us.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Look, I mean, I think personalization -- mass personalization, personalization at scale done right. The demand for that is going to be significant for some time, right? Because I think we've all gotten used to sort of a world where you say marketers always need more of everything. So I would break down the AI thing maybe into a couple of buckets. I'd say to you that there are parts of our business where AI has been core to what we do for some time, right? And we talk about that, media, data, performance. And so there, it's going to help us keep up with a very, very rapid rate of change and I think further accelerate what are already our most successful businesses. Then areas where platform and tech solutions are required like production in commerce and CRM, I think Gen AI is an incremental opportunity because I can't think of any client who doesn't leave activities that they know need doing undone due to some kind of constraint, right? So either the tech is limited, the output isn't what you want it to be, there are budget limitations, you don't have the right talent. So even as you see like sort of some of the economics of this, you're kind of going, okay, the unit cost of whatever asset we're talking about goes down. But the resources can be reinvested. We've seen this in our media business where tech allowed us to become a higher-value partner to clients, right? And you saw that in the scale of engagement. You saw that in -- because we had highly skilled folks with skill sets that clients couldn't find anywhere else. What we were able to, in essence, command in the way of the labor hours get redistributed and they go upstream. So I think what you're going to sort of see is resources get reinvested, the nature of the work changes, the nature of the talent evolves. And then what folks in our space bring -- and some of our clients who are very, very sophisticated say, we need people with a lot of experience, people who bring terrific judgment and understand how to use all these tools, we need your objectivity. In some cases, I think we also have the ability to sell tools and tech, whether it's the licenses or something SaaS-like there. And then I think the last thing I'd point out is back to the prior question, quality of data at scale is going to be really important. Because once everybody begins to have all of these same tool sets, then how you build and train the models and what you actually are able to give them that is unique data from which to. Because you're going to be bringing a lot of the discipline that you've got in the more quantity areas of the business too, the content creation and the creative part of the business. So again, there's a ways to go but we do see areas -- I mean, right now, we're actually doing a lot of not only insisting that our folks get trained but we're doing a lot of training for our clients and that's become a line of business for us. So I can't tell you with kind of clarity that it's going to be X percent this and it's going to be X percent that but these are all places where we're seeing conversations and opportunities showing up.
Philippe Krakowsky: [Indiscernible] but you know what, it's what we call it here, so I don't know what to tell you. So on production, we have a global integrated production engine. In the last 3, 4 years, it's evolved because production used to be about creativity and it's obviously become far more strategic. And you've heard us talk quite a bit about the way in which we are moving to scaled platform services, data, the engineering talent centralized, media activation, retail, media and commerce. So production has been moving along that track for us for a while. It is very strategic. It has to be very upstream. And the connectivity to what we do with Acxiom, what we do with the Kinesso teams, what we now do with the Adobe Gen AI studio so that we can tag and get the right taxonomy sitting underneath that and go sort of from data all the way through to audiences, all the right formats, to push it out, not just in the ad tech ecosystem but across martech and earned media. And then optimize in flight while it's live. So I called out what we've just -- and a win with Reckitt obviously, it was part of the work that we've just won with Kellanova. So I think there is still going to be the need to -- we still have a few outliers here and there that have built specific production capabilities either with deep digital expertise or with some kind of domain expertise but we're well down the way to having that operate as a unified haul. So that's one question. I'm not sure I understood the first question because I'll take a look at what -- I didn't know that we were putting our organic growth number out in any way that was different than somebody who was also reporting on a net basis. And then what was the middle question? Remind me, I apologize.
Philippe Krakowsky: We said approximately. I mean I think we had taken 2% off the table the last conversation which you know we're always very direct. And there's definitely a bit more chop in the water at the moment. It feels like there's a measure of uncertainty that has worked its way back into conversations since 3 months ago. And so when we say approximately 1%, that feels to us like there's still some ranginess to that but it's only the middle of the year. So, it feels to us as if -- we're not being that precise; we're telling you that it's kind of -- it's moved from 1% to 2% to closer to 1%.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Sue. We appreciate the time and the interest. We look forward to updating you again in October. Thank you.
