Michael Roth: Same here. Yes. I apologize for the length of our prepared remarks, but what we tried to do would anticipate a lot of questions. So given the difficulty of working remotely here, we can address them. But – and no surprise, Alexia, I was surprised you didn’t ask me by week how our business is in the month of April, okay. Look, I said on the call in terms of my prepared remarks, the second quarter is not going to be pretty. The reason for it is in the second quarter, our clients, like everyone else, it’s hard to predict where this is going. So if you want to call them schizophrenic, one day, they get cuttings dramatically, the next day they feel it’s a good time to build brands and get messaging out there.So the second quarter is going to see a lot of ups and downs. I tried to outline in my remarks a lot of the good things we’re doing, we are working with our brands. I think more recently our brands are realizing that they have to start preparing work for when we do come out of this difficult position that they have to be positioned with a strong message, and there is where creativity and the data analytics that we have to reach the right consumers with the right message are very relevant. So what’s encouraging is we’re starting to see conversations like that with our clients. But on the other hand, we have sectors like airlines and ships – cruise lines that has come to a standstill and we don’t see that coming back until frankly the economy is normal for whatever that definition is.So it’s no question that the second quarter we believe based on we do a bottoms up attempt at what this is going to look like. The second quarter should be the worst of the quarters. We have an assumption and again that changes by the hour based on the way our clients spend and how they’re looking at it. But we see starting a recovery in the third quarter at some point. And then seeing a stronger recovery, somewhat in the fourth quarter going into next year. So our bottoms-up approach to that is how we base whatever actions we’re taking now so that we’re positioned to match our costs with our revenues. So there are dialogues going on. Clients are spending. We have some clients that are doing quite well in this environment emphasis on the healthcare side of the business.It’s actually 28% of our business, and it’s so far, knock on wood is performing well and we’re actively involved in a lot of the new stuff that you’re seeing on TV, in terms of new innovations. Obviously a number of those companies, including J&J and Gilead and things like that. We have a number of relationships that we’re working with those companies directly. So, we’re encouraged by that and we continue to focus on adding value to what the messaging is with our clients. And so second quarter, strap on your helmet but, it’s manageable. We stress test our business. We go through a number of revenue streams in terms of down and stress our working capital requirements, our financing and I can tell you under the most difficult positions, which I don’t believe we’re going to see but we have stress test.We are financially very sound and our people and our resources are ready when that turn around occurs. And that’s what you would expect management to do. So we have stress test the company from a cash flow point of view, from a resource point of view and our existing client demands are still there and it’s impressive that we are delivering good work in this environment remotely. And that’s why it’s frankly going to change the way we’re going to work in the future because candidly, working remotely, frankly we did some surveys that our people enjoy that and it’s very effective.Your second question as far as events and so on. I think I’ve mentioned this before that we have sports marketing, we have events, we have a whole bunch of different services that, obviously have come to a pretty difficult position right now. And depending on, most notably sports on TV, as well as know, since we’re watching old events like the old masters are not there. So clearly that part of the CMG business has taken a hit.We’ve said the ratio of that sort of business across our business lines is in the 2% to 5% range depending on what you count as an event. But use that as a guideline. So as you know, we’re well diversified in terms of our offerings, and some of our businesses are up and continue to be strong even in this environment and some of our business that are obviously at a standstill. And that’s why the benefit of a holding company comes through and that we’re positioned in whatever sector is active.
Michael Roth: Yes, it’s a tough one. And obviously, I wrestled with whether I even make that comment, because the visibility isn’t that clear. And I got to put enough caveats on it. But the conversations we’ve had with the clients range from, yes, we think it’s coming back in the later part of the third quarter or some clients don’t think it’s coming back until the first part of the next year. So what we do is we did a review of all of our businesses with all our operators and to get their perspective and they tend to be a little more positive about the outlook.So we do see anecdotally clients coming back and talking to us and using the third quarter as a store person or event to start building brands again and coming back. So that’s where that comes from. There is no scientific method of doing that. We don’t have the visibility to make that a blanket statement. But for purposes of planning, that’s what we’re using. And obviously by stress testing it so that it doesn’t occur till the fourth quarter or the degree of negativity in terms of the organic growth is higher than what we think it would be, that’s how we stress test our business and that’s how our CEOs are operating their businesses. And each of our businesses have a different perspective based on their client mix. Obviously some of our agencies are more weighted in airlines and cruise environment. And clearly, those are challenged more than others.And therefore, whatever cost actions are necessary in those agencies, frankly, have already been taken. So it’s not an exact answer. I wish I could answer that question. But I think if you look at everybody else who is trying to forecast the answer is you can’t. But you have to at least take an attempt at what you’re hearing and seeing. So I think it’s a combination of some optimistic clients because they are in a market that sees that. Consumer goods, for example, one of the issues with our consumer goods clients are they don’t have supply. So why do you advertise when you don’t have supply to deliver? And the answer is because the brand has to be out there in the marketplace. Some of our brands don’t need to advertise because they’re in the e-commerce, or in the Internet world and their business is doing well.So it’s a client by client basis, it’s a geographic issue. And clients, frankly, are wrestling with the timing of when they come back or how they spend their dollars. And that’s why you see such variances. This can change daily Alexia in terms of whether clients are cutting or whether they’re spending. And we just have to be flexible in terms of how we approach that.
Michael Roth: You couldn’t have access to capital and that was difficult. And therefore clients were concerned and cut spending because they really had to focus on liquidity to survive. Here they are focusing on liquidity, but one of the reasons they are focusing on liquidity is because they want to be able to maintain their people. And that’s different than, it was in 2009 if you look at the actions we took in 2009. And we actually had the same management team. So the benefit is we’ve been through this before and we did – we handled it pretty well.The size of the cost reductions that we had in 2009 versus what we think we’re going to experience now are a lot different: a) different size company; b) we have a better line-of-sight in terms of the competitiveness of our offerings. And frankly, we were performing much better even before this crisis in terms of leading the sector, in terms of winning new business and organic growth. So from a company perspective, we’re a lot different.So the cuts that were taken, by the way, the cuts are not insignificant. But I listed all the areas of our flexible cost base that we’ve taken. And the last thing we do is headcount reductions because we do believe this will turn around and we are focusing on maintaining our existing base. What was interesting in 2009 is we continue to invest in new offerings in 2009. So when the turnaround came, we were well positioned to do that. We’re doing the same thing now. And we use – I’d say we using more furloughs and salary reductions this time around than we did in 2009. In 2009 we took significant headcount reductions versus what we are doing now.Well look, any headcount reduction is painful. But if you compare what we are doing now versus what we did in 2009, it’s a lot different, and we are focused. Look, we spend a number of years investing, for example, in data and analytics with the Acxiom transaction, the formation of Kinesso, these people are in demand and we want to make sure that we protect our employee base, as well as our creative capability and all the different PR expertise that we’ve built up.So we’re not – having been gone through this, we’re doing this on a very thoughtful way with a view towards are we positioned to pounce on the turnaround with the strength of our offerings. And I’m very comfortable that where we are today does not put us at a disadvantage at all as we come through this.And frankly, the culture of our company, the way we are going about this, we’re extending medical benefits for people, we’re giving them access to their retirement plans without penalties. We’re doing all the best practices there are to make sure that our culture, which has always been very strong, continues to be an attractive aspect of working with IPG and all of its affiliates.
Michael Roth: So obviously if we’re wrong in our initial past, there are additional actions, that’s the benefit of our cost profile and a variable cost model. And we’ve shown we’ve been able to act in that model. So we, rather than doing, the worst case scenario upfront we’ve chosen to take another look at it once we get better visibility into the second quarter. So we always have that as an ability for us. So yes, I think we’ve learned a lot in 2009 in terms of how about – how you go about doing this to preserve our talent, which is critical. So we’re really looking at all the other costs that we have first, which is the right way to look at it.That said, in those sectors that are basically come to a standstill and particularly in the events side and in the sectors like airlines and cruise ships and things like that, our model dictates staffing reductions in those environments. And that’s why we say, we have a variable cost model that works. So that’s where you are going to see the initial headcount reductions. And we’re doing what we can in terms of voluntary salary reduction and furloughs to make sure our employee base is well treated and ready to perform in this crisis as well as the turnaround.
Michael Roth: Yes. By the way, I think, we already saw our shift in media going more towards digital than linear. I mean, although everyone’s watching TV now, all right, but the ad spend is down, so viewership is up, but ad spend is down and it’s much more flexible to deal with digital. So there’s no question that there is a – the shift that we already saw happening is accelerating on the digital side of the business and obviously data and analytics in Kinesso and Acxiom and the creative coupled with that gives us a tremendous advantage in terms of finding.We know where the audiences are right now. They’re sitting home and they’re streaming and some of the streaming products out there are ad supported. Social media, we’re seeing a lot of that. Search, obviously, how do you buy those disinfected, where can you get it? So all of that stuff that’s going on right now plays to the strength of our data analytics and our offerings that we have.With the acquisition of Acxiom and the formation of Kinesso working in conjunction with Mediabrands. That was the bet we made in terms of the business and we’re seeing it accelerate significantly during this period of time. We don’t give out Acxiom numbers, but I’ll tell you in the first quarter, Acxiom performed the way they should in terms of our base case and so on. And the point I made about two thirds of their business is first-party data, if anything is essential first-party data of companies is essential for them to run their businesses. So we’re a little more – we’re more comfortable with the two thirds of the first-party data business of Acxiom than some of the others.Obviously, where it could impact is on new logos, and things like that. But believe it or not, we are pitching for new business right now. We have some big pitches going on that we’re doing remotely. So I think what’s happening right now, yes, it’s an acceleration to digital, no question about it. The movement from the linear to digital is easier now, but people still are spending on television because that’s where the content is.So it’s affecting and that’s where we add value in helping our clients know where to allocate between linear and digital. So our entire business model is being tested right now and we have great assets that can answer the questions that clients are looking for answers. So I think that gives us a leg up, if you will, in terms of what’s happening in the marketplace and positions us not only to get through this, but positions us when we get – when we are done with it, the relationships and offerings that we have will be much more powerful.So I think what the investments we’ve made and our creative capability, the stuff we’re doing on the creative side is just amazing. And that develops brand loyalty. So across the board, I’m very proud of the people and the resources that we have and what we’re delivering.
Michael Roth: So with that, I thank you for your participants and obviously look forward to a conversation about the second quarter and what the rest of the year will look like. I thank you for your support. We’ll be safe now. Bye.
