Philippe Krakowsky: I'll try to do it just unpack and give you the component parts of that 1% to 2%. I think that would sort of be two ways to consider it. Whether you think mix and/or balance of assets in the group, right? So relative size of maybe some of those more traditional assets. We've talked about the impact that the digital agencies, though a small part of revenue we're having to our overall growth. But what we factored into our thinking was strong continued performance from segments of the portfolio that have either more precision or more accountability or technical expertise baked in.  So clearly, media, long leader, accretive top and bottom line, healthcare. And then marketing services like experiential and earn for any number of reasons, I think, are very relevant and making an impact with clients given how hard it is to connect with consumers. We factored in the expectation that tech and telco will continue to pressure growth less so than last year. And that's, as we said, stabilization, broadly speaking, among that client set. But for us, clearly, we're carrying a sizable loss in telco that will be felt through most of the year. On the digital specialists I think the plan has similar expectations. They do lean more heavily into the tech space. But as I also mentioned, I think we're thinking a lot about whether we've got the scale there that we require, specifically around skill sets like digital transformation.  So not likely positive but less of a drag than last year. And then with respect to new business, as you said, we had quite a number of large wins, some of which we began to feel the benefit of in the back half of last year and more so in Q4 regrettably, we then had two sizable losses, different flavors, different reasons behind that. But we're going to basically be carrying the headwinds on both those losses all year this year. So, if we think about new business as we head into the year for the totality of '23, that's taken a lot of the wind out of our sales. So, we figure we're broadly speaking, flat. And those are all the moving parts. I mean I don't know that Ellen if there's anything to add, and we don't usually sort of walk folks through the phasing of the quarter. But hopefully, that is point by point, all of the ways that we got to how we see '24 and what informs that range that we're guiding to.
Philippe Krakowsky: Absolutely. Well, look, I don't think any of us is -- the way in which we demonstrated in '23 that you can run a business this scale and this complexity and see margin improvement, notwithstanding no growth is not our -- any number of us have talked about it over time. And we've always said that the flexible cost model does give us the ability to do that.  Looking forward, I think that we tried to call out for you where we see the need for and we're pretty specific about areas where there'll be organic investment in the business. And I think that's part of why we're essentially in a sort of flat-ish down 10 basis points in terms of where the margin target is. But nothing has changed that in the underlying with growth we convert to improvement in margin. And then as you know as well, there is the degree to which we're going to continue to think about and look at our own processes and reengineering our business AI will actually play a part in that as well. It's not a '24 event, but the additional dimension to our media offering. So, media buying model that kind of adds the ability to take that principle to generate efficiency because I think we've been a media buyer where value has been about effectiveness. I think there'll be opportunity there. So, I would not conclude that this year is indicative. I think we tried to be as clear as we could in the prepared remarks that we still see upside on the margin.  And then the first part of your question, I don't -- again, I think what we shared in the past is that it did feel to us as if during the fourth quarter, tech and telco was stabilizing. And I would say that that's still the case. It doesn't feel like we are seeing meaningful upside there. And to Adrien's question, we've not factored that into our thinking for '24.
Philippe Krakowsky: That's both good questions. I mean the KINESSO decision was sort of an evolution. I think you know us and have followed us long enough to know that post-Acxiom, we built engineering capability that allowed the data to be accessed by and put to use, again, by as many of our agencies as possible, concentration still being largely of our media business that then led to the creation of an addressable unit. And what we were observing there was just that there started to be a bit too much complexity. There were just too many places that you had to stop along the way to get that kind of work done. So, we have both recombined and integrated what was matter kind KINESSO reprise all of those units performance, kind of holistic, addressable and then the folks who build the tech that drives that into one unit. We've also aligned that into Mediabrands. And as I mentioned, their performance was actually very strong last year, specifically called it out for the quarter. And it's just meant just a more streamlined way to get all the way through that value chain. And we still have work to do to activate Acxiom across more of the group. So, I think that will also help because it's likely that, that will become the tech node from which we do that for the entirety of IPG.  And the second question you asked, I think, goes to when I look at or when we look at what we've run into with very, very -- with premium digital agencies that are in the portfolio that for many years, we're very, very strong performers is a sense that coming out of pandemic scale in that space matters and you're sort of looking at where some of that business is going and the nature of how a lot of those RFPs come across. And so, I think it's an area we're interested in and would have been interested regardless, but it's definitely an area of particular focus at the moment.
Philippe Krakowsky: That's a lot in two very quick questions. So, I guess on the latter, I would say to you that, obviously, if you look at our margins four years ago today -- five years ago today. So, I think that the AI piece, to begin with, it will likely be helpful from a margin perspective. But I think that you have to kind of unpack the spend. There's been a lot of noise around who's spending what or what those commitments are. And I'm not sure that even for the folks who put some numbers out there, it's necessarily been apples-to-apples. But I think from where we sit, the investments across the group that would classify as AI-related are quite significant.  So, if we look at '24, I assume that, that number is $80 million range in berry. And that is tech, software, including licenses and the partnerships, many of which I called out to you. And then development, which can happen in-house and then a great deal of training that is required. And so, AI has been a part of the business for many years, particularly data, on the media, sort of more tech-leaning offerings. So, the spend has been growing over time, and that '24 number I throw out there is not all incremental, right? So, you think about the annual budgets we've got for tech, for development, for training portion of that now, an increased portion of that is going to be directed to AI. And as we rethink core components of our business, Ellen talks a lot about how we are kind of looking for more efficient processes.  We're going to basically, I think, fund that incremental spend internally. So, I don't know that I would conclude that it's going to be a significant drain on our profitability prospects. And I'm thinking about programmatic, did that happen faster. I mean, AI has definitely been part of the business for a while or certain parts of AI. And then the first question, I would say, it's not a trend that we haven't observed for some time. So, I would say that on the creative side of the business, things have become, in many cases, more project driven than a very, very kind of traditional model that would have existed years ago around kind of AOR. And there's still significant value and creativity, but I think you want to focus on where you've got very, very strong players in that space. And I think, as you called out, many of the large holding companies index heavily into some of those traditional assets. And so, in a fragmented media ecosystem, creative ideas matter a lot. I look at the success we're having with FCB, which is a traditional agency, but it's a very forward-thinking management team, and they have figured out a way to plug into the data layer for insights and to get very precise in setting goals for what they're trying to accomplish with their clients, and then it's integrated with other disciplines, in their case, very strong production.  So, if you've got great content and it's part of a bigger system, and then you've got smart delivery, that works pretty well. So, I think these days, clients want both. They're sort of asking for brand and performance which doesn't quite get to the question that you asked for the suggestion, which is, is there a point at which people abandon that because I think that's a dangerous thing as well.
Philippe Krakowsky: I can't tell you what is in their numbers. And obviously, we're comparing things that are not exactly alike based on the accounting. I think the media buying capability that we're talking about adding mail, so account for some of that delta but if I look at the entirety of '23, I can tell you that tech and telco cost us 2.2% of organic growth and the digital specialist cost us about 1.2%. And if you deduplicate that so that you're not double counting, that cost us 3 percentage points of growth, right? So again, I can't go into what is in their numbers, and I don't think that they're exactly comparable.  I took to the point of the very first question, I wanted to be very sort of direct and transparent and pull apart for you all how we built our view to the year. And then to your question, I think that is it like-for-like? Is a question? We have a terrific media offering, but we were perhaps a different approach and a focus on efficiency means that there's an opportunity there for us because that may be part of the gap. And then hopefully, the numbers I just shared with you fill the rest of the gap.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you. Well, thank you, Sue. Thank you all for your time, and we will stay focused on the work that needs to get done here because to the point of a number of the questions, we definitely have to get back to things that have been the norm for us for a long time. And I think this is going to be a year where we can finish some of the transformations that are required to do that. So, I appreciate the interest and the time.
