Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. Well the fourth quarter obviously came in strong and frankly, it was across the Board, our integrated network came in strong as I mentioned Jack Morton and Octagon came in strong and obviously Mediabrands, Dater, Acxiom pretty much FCB Health and all our units performed well in the fourth quarter. So that gave rise to our strong growth in the fourth quarter and notwithstanding the headwinds that we came in.I mean it sets the tone for 2020. When we set a target of 3% for 2020, it still – we continue to have very difficult comps year-on-year, which is a good thing as we continue to set the pace for the industry, we still are setting goals on top of that. And was Ellen indicated, we still have headwinds in the first half of 2020 so when we set a goal of 3% for the full year of 2020, that reflects cycling through those headwinds.So we continue to feel that tone of the business continues to be solid and the compensations with our clients indicate that we are offering our value proposition to our clients that moves the needle and obviously that bodes well with respect to our open architectural approach to meeting our clients’ needs. Now of course there are wild cards out there, the coronavirus, you know, I know the question is how is that going to impact us?China is roughly 2% of our total revenue, it’s important to us, because our clients are there, when total revenue which – it’s is not that significant, but what remains to be seen is, what impact this will have on our suppliers and the chain – the supply chain and what impact that would have on US companies and other global companies. But it’s – there still some wildcards out there with respect to 2020, but the tone continues to be solid as we move into certainly the first quarter.
Michael Roth: Yeah, thank you. If we – if we’re forecasting a 3% of organic growth, we hope we have some tailwind. But we do have some recent losses that were – the project business that you know all of that had with the Bank of America should tail off in the second part of the year. But we have new business that win coming on stream that should offset that.So when we look at a target, we look at into – we take into consideration business wins, potential business wins that we have in the pipeline and as well as losses that we’ve realized. So all of that get factored into both the organic growth target as well as the margin expansion.
Michael Roth: Yeah, look – what I’ll go – what you’re seeing is a performance-based compensation. Some business units performed well, some didn’t deliver on their targets, and remember last year we exceeded our goals much higher than this year. So the incentive comp is working exactly as it’s supposed to be working and that is – those units that outperformed were compensated, those that didn’t reflected it. So the incentive comp number that you see also in the fourth quarter, because we do it on a full year basis, we had a catch up and reflected in our final numbers. So, the incentive comp worked exactly as we expected it to, with respect to pay for performance.As far as Acxiom goes, you know, I’ve said in the last call, we’re very happy with, first of all, how the integration is going. The integration is pretty much done in terms of all the necessary physical legacy accounts and all the different comp plans and all the things that integration from mechanical point of view need to be done, but more importantly, the integration of Acxiom with IPG and our offerings and the seat at the table that Acxiom has with respect to our existing clients as well as a potential new business is real, and they have a seat at the table along, you know as part of Kinesso as well, with all business pitches and with our major clients.So as we indicated, that was one of the, you know, if you look at Acxiom versus the management of first-party data, okay, so that business continue to be solid. As we said in the third quarter, it’s performing consistent with our business case in terms of acquisition. I think we used like a 5% growth for that business, [technical difficulty] that it continues to perform well and we’re very happy with the first-party data management and the core business of Acxiom.On top of that with the formation of Kinesso, where we have putting together the adtech, the martech in the service business and obviously Acxiom provides the data backbone, but Kinesso is the technology part of that and then we have Cadreon in there which focus on the activation. And we’re really pleased with how well that proposition is working both with respect to new business pitches and getting the attention of our existing client base.So of course in the 3% number for 2020, we continue to bake into a solid performance for Acxiom, solid performance with Kinesso what we said last time last year that we will start introducing new products through Kinesso in terms of the value-based offering, and we do have a pickup in part of the organic growth for 2020, which reflects the synergies between the Kinesso, the Acxiom and the Mediabrands in particular, because what we said was, we were going to focus on Mediabrands, initially because that’s the logical place for them to come together. Then eventually we’ll roll it out to our creative agencies as well.So we’re very pleased with how Acxiom is performing. I think it’s very clear to us that it was the right decision for us to acquire Acxiom, and it gives us a competitive advantage when dealing with the full integrated offering in open architecture. I mean – the stuff that Kinesso was doing with respect to focusing on high value audiences and the value that it creates, creates an immediate impression with clients, because they frankly haven’t seen that type of offering and we’re really pleased and excited about the future of that.
Michael Roth: Yeah, unfortunately I’ll take that one too. That’s a topic very close to my heart. Believe me, we have Ellen and the entire – all the finance team –
Michael Roth: And the board. We addressed this issue very carefully. In my remarks, I commented that our goal you know for 2020 is to continue to pay down debt. We have a $500 million tower there that we’ve looked to reposition and pay down in one form or another. And frankly, when you get to the levels that we were previously at, in terms of maintaining our investment grade, we see given the cash flows that sometime next year we should be reaching those levels.So I think it would be reasonable to think that all things happening the way we want them to, we could be back in the market buying shares sometime next year, obviously that requires Board approval. We’ll talk to rating agencies, which is very important to us and we’ll take into consideration the overall market conditions.But it’s certainly we believe strongly that one of the shareholder value creation opportunities for us is to continue to return cash to our investors up until Acxiom you know, we had a good mix between buybacks and dividends, we paid debt, we distributed $4.4 billion already in terms of that type of mix, and we’re very pleased with it. So the sooner we can get back to the mix between dividend increases, as we saw we did this year and share buybacks, the better we believe is for our shareholders and we’ll continue to focus on that opportunity.Thank you for asking about R/GA. You know, we have a new CEO, Sean Lyons. He’s beefed up his team, he’s repositioned some of the individuals within your organization. They’re looking at the go-to-market strategy on a global basis. As any new CEO, Sean is taking a look at the entire organization and what markets they should be in, what offerings they have, particularly in terms of the consulting side of the business is a strong opportunity for them. They’re making investments in that and they’re sowing very good traction in that area. So we continue to be excited about R/GA.Of course, Bob Greenberg is in fact a legend. There aren’t many legend, real true legends in the business. And he continues – he will be part of R/GA frankly forever. But I’m really excited about what Sean and his team putting together in terms of the go-to-market strategy, leveraging the expertise and the traditional, strong base under the leadership of Bob Greenberg. So R/GA will continue to be a strong contributor to the overall performance of IPG.
Michael Roth: Well that – do you want to call it sales, two-thirds, approximately two-thirds of Acxiom business is just managing first-party data, and we don’t say that light and just managing. Remember, their management of first-party data is best-in-class. Forrester gives it the five star rating. It’s well known in terms of their expertise in privacy. They are a trusted manager of first-party data. In fact, you know in the UK when they introduced GDPR, Acxiom played an important role, working with the regulators and executing those type of rules and regulations and inviting clients.So when we bought Acxiom, everyone misunderstood it to be, frankly the InfoBase, which is the third-party data management part of their offerings. Everyone focused on that part of the business. But the true core business of Acxiom is first-party data. And this year, they’ve added new logos, their performance has been, as I said, very consistent with our business plan in terms of the acquisition. And that’s a core competency that frankly, you don’t see anywhere else. And well you know we’re sort of scratching the surface in terms of having IPG access to the first-party data management clients that Acxiom has and vice versa. And we wanted to make sure that we roll this out on a very even basis without overwhelming the Acxiom people.So the core first-party data business is a gem and it’s well respected. And frankly, now with the California privacy rules and more privacy rules throughout the United States, we see their expertise even more in demand and it just buttresses the fact that this will be a true game changer for us as we move forward. So the first-party data is critical to the success of Acxiom.The third-party data, you know, puts together sources from all over the globe. And it distinguishes Acxiom, frankly from the competition. And one of the questions that’s come up is, you know, we don’t have to use the InfoBase. Mediabrands has amped their own data source, which uses other third-party data. So it’s up to our clients to make sure which one is best suited for them. But we certainly have all the tools and resources with respect to third-party data at our demand, if you will and it’s being used very effectively with Kinesso and Acxiom together in terms of the value-based proposition and they’re bringing to the client.And candidly, you know, one of the questions is, is this thing hunting? And the answer is, yes, it is. You know, we had a number of client wins, particularly on the media side, where Kinesso working together with Mediabrands as well as Acxiom had made a difference in terms of the success of the pitch, plus the strength they have when they sit at a table with existing clients, I mean, this is the kind of stuff that clients are looking for. And we have them sitting at the table and the role of our top to top and open architecture positioning.With respect to cookies, I know everyone’s writing about it. We’ve been worried about the cookies and the regulatory environment with respect to Google now for years, and we’re building up ways to work around it. We’re highly confident that we’re working with Acxiom and Kinesso and all the other tools and resources that we have, that we will have a solution in place to address that issue. And we’re working closely with Google and the other providers to make sure that in fact happens. But that was one of the purposes of us buying Acxiom as well.So I think we’re really well positioned to the changes in the environment that’s coming. And in fact, more than ever clients need the expertise that we bring to the table, which is why we’re so excited about not just Acxiom and Kinesso, but all of the offerings we have at IPG. When you put together on a team in terms of an open architecture, the creative capability, the activation capability, the experiential, the PR, the media capabilities and the secret sauce that comes out of Kinesso in terms of value propositions, it’s a very compelling offering. And I think you see the results in our organic growth.
Michael Roth: Yeah, incidentally, one of the other differences is actually Acxiom has a different incentive plan. And it’s a little different than we traditionally have in our business. So that’s also reflected in some of the numbers in terms of whether the O&G is up, whether the incentive comp is a little different, because they do have a different incentive plans and cost profiles.
Michael Roth: Let me address the – we see zero conflict. That was part of our due diligence. When we did our due diligence on Acxiom, it’s a legitimate question. But if you look at financial services for example, which is one of the significant part of the Acxiom business, we don’t see any potential conflict, where clients are worried about that. And in fact, sometimes it adds to their expertise, right? If you have – if you pretty much own a sector, and you had in the financial service sector where Acxiom manages first-party data for probably most of the top financial service companies, that’s an expertise that is hard to come by, if they’re trusted. And in the due diligence we tested, not only with we test existing client relationships, they were onboarding a new client. And we tested to see how the new clients’ reaction to this. So the question of conflict with the Acxiom, first-party data I mean it’s totally an opportunity for us and not a conflict. And, you know, working capital, I’ll let Ellen.
Michael Roth: Yeah, I think this is normal. I mean, if you look back on a year-to-year basis, last year we were negative and we were strong in the first quarter. So it’s a timing and it’s all generated from our media business in particular. When we look at our cash flows, we look out on a full year basis. When we look to paying down debt, it’s based on our expected cash flow on a full year basis, and where we’re going to end up at year end. And I think it’s reasonable to assume that we will continue to pay debt significant amounts so that by yearend we’ll be in a strong position to take a hard look at getting back into the buybacks side of that just and maintaining a strong investment grade rating and getting all of our ratings to where they should be in terms of solid investment grade. So we look at on a full year basis. You know, there were anomalies on quarter-to-quarter, and a lot of it has to do with the media side of the business, which is very robust for us so that’s a positive.
Michael Roth: Okay. Yes, I know. Okay well thank you very much. And again, we appreciate all the support and we look forward to our first quarter call. Thank you.
