Michael Roth: Thank you, Ellen. There's no question that all of us in the industry, both clients and agencies, have faced unprecedented challenges in light of -- which we're proud of our achievements during the quarter. We've seen our companies and our people pivot quickly to adjust to these uncertain times. We are once again reporting results that demonstrates the caliber of our talent, the strength of our long-term strategies and the distinctive culture of cross-agency collaboration. In the long run, this is a combination that we believe positions IPG to succeed. When it comes to meeting another vital issue that is confronting our society, IPG became the first holding company to publicly release the race and gender composition across its management ranks. We have long been a leader in diversity, equity and inclusion. But recent events dramatically underscore how far we have to go as a nation and the degree to which IPG and our industry, as a whole, had to significantly increase our efforts to promote diversity and improve opportunity for black Americans and people of color. In other areas of our business, IPG continued to excel. In April, Ad Age announced its A-List, and IPG led the industry in terms of the number of agencies recognized on that important annual ranking. Our companies in the PR, creative, media and digital space were all recognized. The One Show also recognized IPG as Creative Holding Company of the Year, demonstrating the creative strength of our brands across all disciplines and channels. Turning now to the performance across our portfolio, which I covered at a high level in my opening remarks. The sector that was held up best to date despite the pandemic is health care. We have significant operations in health care marketing, totaling more than 1/4 of our portfolio. FCB Health is our largest player in the space and posted a strong Q2, followed by solid results from McCann Health and the health care vertical within Weber Shandwick. Mediabrands saw a number of significant wins and retentions of large health care clients. And the sector is also performing well at some of our U.S. independents, as well as MullenLowe globally. Our media, data and technology segment has been a key driver of performance for IPG for a number of years now, and it is also fundamental to our growth prospects going forward. I'd like to now ask Philippe to share an update on developments in that sector.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia, and I always appreciate your questions. First of all, I'm not giving you the next month's results because you guys -- you usually ask. What's interesting about this environment is, what we say on 1 day, clients are very reactive to what's happening in the world today, okay? So for example, you'll see results that were published today on financial service companies, all right? And that will be indicative of how they have to protect their own margins. And obviously, that's how they look to their spend. So what looks like where we had projects onboard, it's likely that, potentially, there'll be a delay in those projects. So it's very hard for us to predict on a monthly basis where it is. I will give you this comfort, though. If you look at the results for the quarter, what's interesting about -- when I said that we thought the second quarter was going to be the worst, the good news is that the second quarter wasn't as bad as we thought it was going to be, okay? So that's a positive. And I attribute that to the -- all the resources that we have available to us, the work that our people are doing with our clients, the data and the Acxiom and the work that Philippe talked about, working with the Open Architecture solutions. There is no question in my mind that, that is the way we have to market our services going forward, and I believe we're positioned the best in the business to respond to that. So in terms of the trend, if you will, I'll give you that the United States and Continental Europe were somewhat better in June than in May. Does that indicate that July, therefore, is going to be better? I can't answer it. But the shoots are there. We have a good pipeline in terms of new business. We just were informed that we're in finals of some other pitches that are going on right now. We're net new business positive. So all those indications on the normal circumstances would indicate that we will see a recovery in the balance of the year, whether it's in the third quarter or fourth quarter, we can't comment. There are indications that, in the fourth quarter, there seems to be a bit of a slowing down, but that's just the reaction to what's happening today. The key takeaway, I think, what you have to walk away from, is when you compare our results in this quarter to our competitors, we are outperforming the market in terms of our revenue growth. We're outperforming the market in terms of net new business. We're winning more than we're losing. And what's really adding to our strength is our sector allocations. When you look at our sectors, in terms of health care and retail and tech and technology, these are very strong sectors that we're very well positioned. What's also encouraging is to see that our top 20 clients, our top 100 clients, is performing better than the results that we reported. That's another positive sign, if you want to look at it. So overall, I can't tell you whether it's the third quarter or the fourth quarter. But I do believe that when this COVID experience turns around, we have positioned IPG for 2021 better than you can possibly believe. And when this does turn around, we will be lean, mean and in a position to continue to outperform our sector.
Michael Roth: Well, clearly, look, our biggest hit was on the events side of the business. And we've said this before, 4% to 5% of our overall business is in the events side. Obviously, until we see recoveries in that side of the business, we can't count on a recovery. Are they working on digital responses? Yes. We've seen golf, for example, come back to TV. Do we play a role there? Yes. Do we see major league baseball coming back? When -- as you start seeing more of that, you're going to see more recovery in our event business. In terms of the other verticals, obviously, auto and transportation, the cruise lines, some of our businesses are really adversely affected, particularly the airlines. We have a good cross-section of airlines. We're not going to see a recovery in those businesses until there is a solution to COVID-19. The strength of IPG is that our sectors are well dispersed. And in the sectors that are performing really well, we're outperforming both our -- in terms of client representation and in terms of delivery. And in fact, we have new business opportunities that are out there right now, which we're very excited about, which would be net new business to us. It's not business that's at risk.
Michael Roth: Well, the answer to that is yes. Okay. It may not be as high because some of those expenses are going to be in Europe. And as you know, the payback with respect to European actions is a little bit longer. But as Ellen mentioned, the expense actions we expect for the rest of the year will give rise to sizable savings. They may not be the magnitude of the first half, but again, it's by geographic location. We've been working on our model now for years, okay? And if you really want to go back, and since you know our industry, we started working on our model when we started talking about Open Architecture. And that's where we bring the best of IPG to this solution. A significant amount of wins and in the health care clients that we're talking about are Open Architecture models, where we have all the disciplines. You heard Philippe talk about the data, media, the technology that's brought to it. They play an important role in every one of those engagements. Our creative capability from McCann, FCB, MullenLowe, our independents are all sitting at that table. You add to that our PR expertise and the event expertise. When it comes back, it is a compelling offering that, I believe, when this recovery turns around, we will be best suited to recover and continue to outperform our sector. That is the model of the future. I think we started it 14 years ago. And now, obviously, our competitors are trying to copy it. But I've been on global calls in terms of the Open Architecture, where the clients are referring to us as Open Architecture. And they're using it in their own model. So I don't believe we have to change our strategy at all. In fact, the last 14 years, we've been focusing on our strategy. And now, it's showing its strength in this environment. And when the recovery comes, I'm more comfortable than ever that, that model is going to prevail in the marketplace.
Michael Roth: Well, I'll let Philippe take most of that, but let me just comment. One of the reasons we bought Acxiom in the first place was because we saw the importance of first-party data and their potential. And as Apple and Google limited access with respect to cookies and things like that, the use of first-party data and all the technology that Philippe talked about becomes much more relevant. So we are positioning ourselves to be in a position competitively not to need the access to the Googles and the Apples. And with respect to Initiative. Initiative is a great story in terms of the comeback. And I'll let Philippe talk about Initiative.
Michael Roth: Yes. I think the availability of first-party data and the willingness of clients to share first-party data and opportunities that are created there can really provide a significant advantage when dealing -- when Google and Apple were to shut down because that's where the data-rich information can be. And the added technology and Kinesso capabilities and the new products and value-added, we believe we'll be very well positioned to handle that.
Michael Roth: Well, that one is easy. The bulk of that is from that. That's the pass-through. Let me tell you about space. Part of the restructuring, we've taken a very seriously look at whether office is required and so on. We've taken 500,000 square feet out in terms of the structural changes, in terms of the hit that we already indicated. And there is no question that the use of office will change in the future, and we're taking advantage of it. When we talk about positioning IPG for 2021, we're anticipating a change in the footprint of our organization significantly. And we are continuing looking at what space. Our initial reaction was because of the social distancing, we're going to need more space, right, because you're going to meet 6 feet apart and so on. In fact, it's the exact opposite. We will stagnate people coming to work, the use of office space and the ability for people to work at home. We're doing surveys every month in terms of how that's working. And as a result, the 500,000 square foot reduction that is part of the structural changes that we're taking, these are permanent changes. These aren't coming back. We're not about to all of a sudden start taking space in terms of the marketplace. I know why the real estate people aren't going to like to hear that. But yes, I think the way we're going to do business in the future is going to be materially different, and that we're taking advantage of this right now. We're learning from our people. We're learning who has to be in the office. We're learning what people can do things from home. It's voluntary. It's -- we will never ask people to come back to work if they're uncomfortable. The biggest issue for coming back to work, frankly, is transportation, mass transportation. We're very cognizant of that. We're spending a great deal of work with our people, understanding the dynamics of that. But you're correct, the footprint of the agency business is going to change, period. And the actions that we've taken already, if you think about it, we've already taken 500,000 square feet out of, what, 11 million square feet? We've done that in a matter of months. So as we take a look at this closer, as we go forward, I think there's going to be more opportunities there. And it's across the world. It's not just New York. I don't want the New York people to go crazy that we took it all out of New York. This is all over the country, all over the world. And I do believe the model has changed. And we've learned from this, and we will continue to learn from it.
Michael Roth: Well, I thank you all very much for your support. I hope you realize that we're working very hard on our investor behalf, and we will continue to do that. It's a difficult time, but I can't tell you how proud I am of our people and the way they stepped up to the challenges. And I look forward to our next call. Thank you very much.
