Michael Roth: Yes. Thank you, Alexia. Well, as I indicated, we're net new business positive through the quarter, through the first half on both U.S. and worldwide. Unfortunately, the headwinds get a little worse in the second half of the year and, frankly, runs a little bit into the first quarter of next year.But what's important to note here is that, despite these headwinds, when we say we are comfortable with our 2% to 3% organic growth, that's net of the headwinds. So if you -- here I go. If it wasn't for the losses, we would continue to have extremely high organic growth. Unfortunately, we have those losses. But the fact that we're overcoming those losses with net new business wins is indicative of the strength of our offerings and frankly the economic tone that's out there.
Michael Roth: Yes. Well, frankly, it's reflective of some new business wins, notably McCann and its Opel win in Germany in Continental Europe. So that's reflected. Again, the size of our businesses in those markets are 8% to 9%, so the wins and losses have a dramatic impact on growth.We'll take it though that we were net positive and we've been net positive over the last couple of quarters. So I think it's indicative of the competitiveness of our offerings, particularly in McCann in this case, as well as Mediabrands. And we continue to believe there's strength in those markets.
Michael Roth: Yes, it's all of the above. Again, consumer goods is 8% of our business. So there again the notion of we had good client wins in consumer goods with respect to the markets in those environments. We had a little bit of cutback in some of our consumer goods businesses, but it was overtaken by the growth of our new business wins. So that accounts for the strength on consumer goods. I said this before what we're seeing is we're not raising a flag and saying all the consumer goods are back again. I think the entire industry is going to face challenges as the consumer did -- particularly in packaged goods continue to focus on margin and cutbacks.With respect to our largest CPG clients, we believe we've seen a leveling off of that spend and our goal is to grab more brands if you will from those companies. And if you couple that with the wins that we have in those markets that reflects the strength that we have in consumer goods. I might add that growth is good in both the U.S. and worldwide given where our new business wins fall out. I think there's no question in China that we're starting to see the impact of the economy there. The good news for us that the losses in China are being offset by growth in India, Japan and Singapore. But we don't see a big recovery in China on the horizon. Again, it's not our largest market. We're there to service our multinationals. We continue to invest in China in terms of our people and our brands, but I believe we don't see a big turnaround in that environment anytime soon.
Michael Roth: Well I said this before other than we're just better than they are. I'll take the liberty of saying that. Our open architecture is really a key. And when we -- I've attended a number of the top to tops, particularly in Europe. And I'm sitting in a room and we have FCB. We have McCann. We have Weber Shandwick. We have Acxiom. We have RGA all sitting in the table servicing an existing client. That's a pretty powerful group to have in a room. And when I sit in that room and I look at the leadership of our clients and I say look this is the new go-to-market strategy of IPG.You're entitled to the best IPG has to offer. You see it coming to light in the room. You probably don't even know which agencies the people who are sitting in this room are from. It's a total collaborative client-centric offering that our sole purpose is to help you move your needle and all the old silo issues that are present in our industry are our problem not yours. And it resonates with clients. I mean -- and in fact, one of our biggest clients actually called their model open architecture, which I got a kick out of.Of course, I didn't complain to them using our terminology. But it's the wave of the future. And you put Acxiom in that group, you have a very powerful offering in terms of giving clients in one place all that they need to focus on targeting the right consumer, with great creative, with the CRM capabilities, with the expertise in particular in this case health care which we have the best in the business in terms of those offerings.So I firmly believe -- we launched open architecture early in the stages of our new management team and it really resonates in the marketplace. And I think that's the right way to protect your brands, because they look to our brands as those are the people that are working on their engagement, but they include IPG as a brand. And it's up to us to make sure that our -- the collaboration of all our agencies are working the way they should. And I'll tell you something else. When it doesn't go well, I get the e-mail and says by the way we're having some problems here. Can you make sure you put the teams together and make sure they respond? And that's the way it's supposed to work and it really resonates well with our clients.
Michael Roth: Yes. Thank you. Two great questions, Ben. Let me focus on Acxiom. I think it's a mischaracterization of why we bought Acxiom, okay? We continue to say and if you listen to my prepared remarks, Acxiom its core competency is data management, first-party data management. And that's not a question of buying or renting. That's a strong core business that Acxiom has. And you see the new business wins at Acxiom relate to the first-party data management. So that's where we're seeing the growth.We haven't yet introduced the new products that we talked about in terms of the synergy opportunities on revenue using Mediabrands coupled with the Acxiom capability. So I think when people talk about us buying Acxiom and whether there's conflicts or rent or buy, they're totally misunderstanding the core competency of Acxiom.When you think of privacy when you think of first-party data management as they're cleansing and organizing data to reach the right consumer that's what Acxiom does. They have one-third of their business is using 22,000 sources so maybe two billon individuals in third-party data management.But our clients don't have to use that. They have choices in terms of who they work with, with respect to that. It just so happens a number of them use that. But that's one-third of the business. The core competency of Acxiom is being able to target and cleanse and really work with the data that clients have within their own company and the opportunities there are significant.And what's great about those companies are the long-standing relationship we have with those clients. I mean we're part of their business. So the retention on those businesses, the ability to grow with our clients it really is the key to this. And they are recognized. They're the top-rated from Forrester in terms of the quality and transparency and safety of their offerings. I mean that's a compelling story. So it's not that we bought data and that we're selling data. The core competencies are much bigger than that and that's where we see the opportunities.In terms of margin, when you have those kinds of headwinds, a number of those clients carry some good margins in with it. So at this point, I'm not going to comment on any upside on the margins. Our goal is the 40 to 50 basis points. We believe we can achieve that and that's what -- and then frankly if you -- if we achieve that or when we achieve that, I think it's another example of how we continue to focus both on top line and cost containment and that's what our goals are.And if you look at the history of our performance over the last 20 quarters I think you've seen a pretty impressive organic growth and margin expansion, which is what we say we're going to accomplish.
Michael Roth: Sure. Yeah, let me -- we don't make up the numbers. I always tell the team I don't want them to strike, so let's work from the bottom up. We just got through with most of our operating reviews and we really have our units come in and present from the bottoms-up.We see where the opportunities are. We see where the agency of record fees are coming from, where they see their pipeline. So this number is a number that's developed based on our reviews with each of our business units. And each of the CEOs of the business units sit and talk about the tone of the business. And frankly we go over the good, the bad, the ugly of their pipelines and their existing clients including the health of their clients.And when we look at the health of their clients, we look at how much of open architecture are they really utilizing, because the more you have an open architecture and collaborative base, the stickier their clients are right? So that's how we do a health test. So when you put all that together, we do a forecast by agency. We do an overlay from corporate and that's where we get the number.And I know in the past and due -- by the half year we've upped our guidance considerably in the past couple of years. Frankly I was telling -- including the team that in a way we upped our guidance by saying we're in the high end of the range because that's a real number.And as I answered one of the questions before for the rest of the year the headwinds get a little more difficult. So in order to overcome the more difficult headwinds, we actually have additional client spend.Let's not lose sight of the fact that our existing client base is the key source of our growth, so the health of our businesses how we're using all the resources within IPG to bring to bear with respect to those clients. So all of that goes into the mix and then we just make up a number and put it up. But that's where it comes from.On Acxiom, you're correct. I mean, we said that the first wave of integration with IPG was going to be on Mediabrands and that's what we've been focusing on. But in our business plan, we indicated these at the latter part of this year and certainly next year, we're going to be bringing new products to bear, utilizing for example Cadreon and Acxiom and all the data capabilities that we have within Mediabrands as well as Acxiom with respect to new products.We've already started introducing Acxiom to all of our creative capabilities and all of our agencies, both with respect to their own data analytics capabilities and how they can leverage Acxiom with respect to their own capabilities and more importantly how they can introduce Acxiom to their existing clients and how Acxiom candidly can introduce IPG assets to their existing clients. So we're in the process.But the one thing I said for this year is, we didn't want to rush out and force everything on everybody because I know a lot of comments are out there that the most difficult thing about these transactions are the ability to integrate. And it was imperative.Our commitment to our Board was that we were going to integrate these businesses on a smooth basis without breaking an asset that we paid significant dollars for, but we very much view it as the future and transformative asset within IPG. So, we didn't want to rush into it. We're very happy with the integration. We're not having any problems with respect to integration. And I think, frankly next year, it's going to be pretty exciting to see the stuff that's going to come out of this.
Michael Roth: Okay. Three questions. Let me take your margin question. We don't break out business units and give out margins on that. So, when we give you a number on margin 40 to 50 basis points, it's inclusive of all of our businesses and that's how we manage our businesses. So, I know your question, but we're not -- we just don't disclose that information.You didn't miss anything on the losses. We didn't -- first of all, there was another client in there that you didn't mention. It was FCA Media which frankly was the bigger of the three. And again, when we started the year, we started the year and we put out as a guidance 2% to 3%. That number reflect. We knew we had these losses going into the year. So, when we forecast the timing of these losses and the magnitude of those losses, it's already reflected in the 2% to 3%. So, maybe some analysts may have missed that number, we didn't.So far it's exactly where we thought it was going to be. And it -- and by the way McCann is no longer doing business for the Army. So, that's why we're saying in the second half of the year that number gets a little bit harder. But the good news is, as one of the other questions were, we hope the back door is close right now and now we just see opportunities in our pipeline.The question of the CMO, it's kind of interesting. Business is going waves in terms of centralized versus local. That's why, if you look at our global networks, McCann, FCB, MullenLowe, the distribution, the capabilities on a global basis are very relevant to what global clients are looking for because, if they're going to be using a less centralized basis, you need local presence in the markets that they want to compete in and we have to be in a position to offer the talent to help navigate through the various local markets. So that's what you get when you get -- you come to an IPG and that is the ability to reach all the markets when local markets are important.And so far we haven't seen any big impact yet on the changes of the structures from centralized to decentralize. But candidly, it pays -- it plays to our strength when they do that. Of course, now you really need a third-party arbiter to help them navigate through either the media side of the business, the local customs of the business and focusing on a centralized business plan and help our clients move the needle.So, I think the changes our clients are seeing are focusing on the efficiencies that they need in their local markets. And that's frankly what IPG can offer that many of our competitors, not the consultants and so on. They don't have that kind of capability, particularly from a creative point of view. What's creative for example in Latin America is different than what's creative in Europe. And you have to have that kind of capability and expertise that we through our global networks offer.
Michael Roth: Yes. I'd say it's a good question. We haven't yet seen a big impact and maybe because the financial services in the U.K. are not quite over-weighted for us. And so, we're seeing PR. We're seeing media. We're seeing creative capabilities continue to be strong in the U.K. So -- but all bets are off depending on how the new leadership handles this Brexit and what impact it has. But so far, we have not seen it. And again, it's 9% of our business. So, on the good side, we're doing very well. On the hedge on the downside is its 9% of our business. So, I -- yes, it's all baked into our numbers.
Michael Roth: Yes. Look I think targeted marketing is the whole purpose of the whole acquisition of Acxiom. Think of the power: instead of just buying audiences, we can buy specific consumers and their likes and dislikes. And in order to be able to do that you have to have the capability and the insights and through first-party data management is how you do that.By the way, let me just comment that someone has indicated that we're selling that first-party data. That first-party data is first-party data to our clients. What we're talking about is helping clients who have that first-party data maximize the efficiency of that data and use potential other resources to enhance those capabilities.So that's what we're doing. And yes, I think clients are amenable to us putting forward a value proposition that shows how we can target specific individuals and particularly on the digital side of the business which is why you're seeing a continuation of digital spend to reach those consumers.So, I view that all as an opportunity for us because of the Acxiom capabilities, but also because we have the creative capabilities to create that messaging that's relevant to that consumer and putting the two together is a pretty powerful voice.So I see that as growing and I see it continuing. And I think it also -- it adds to the value of our proposition in working with our clients. And frankly that's one of the key reasons we bought Acxiom.
Michael Roth: Well, I always say confusion is good for us because if clients are confused they need someone to figure it out and that's what we do. We -- our strength is in our ability to work with different technologies, all right and cleanse it and put them all together. I mean that's exactly what clients are looking for, the better mousetrap out there and it is confusing. And we have expertise that helps clients solve that. So it plays right into our strength.That's why I think the notion of putting data management creativity digital PR all together in a room focusing on what clients need, I mean that's the holy grail of our business.And we built IPG based on that premise. Creativity, talent, tools all helping our clients move the needle. And where we sit right now there isn't an offering out there that we don't have best-in-class capabilities. And frankly, I believe that's why we will continue to outperform because we put together the best talents in the business with the best tools and that's what clients are looking.
Michael Roth: Yes. Again we're excited about the opportunities. We had a little hiccup in terms of some of those headwinds, but we're working hard to overcome that. And I look forward to our next call. Thank you very much.
