Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Alexia. And boy, thanks for joining us this morning, Alexia. I don't know what time it is, but thank you. Well, first of all, obviously, we do have revenue in the second quarter from the new wins. But as we indicated, we're ramping up on the employee base and costs associated with that win. So we don't see a lot of incremental margin in the second quarter. Frankly, that's one of the reasons we have a drag on margin in the second quarter, because we've added to our employee base. Just to give you a perspective, our employee base and headcount exceeded by -- we added in this quarter a couple of hundred employees, so we won't see that impact until the third and fourth quarters. So there were some revenue, but not big margin improvements.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, if you do the math, obviously with our first half year results, we're expecting improvement in our margin in the second half as well as an increase in revenue because of our new business wins and, frankly, some new business wins we hope to announce in the third quarter. So that's how -- and the reason we were able to affirm what we said in terms of our objective of 2% to 3% organic and an increase of 50 margin points, if you will. So yes, we think the second half -- and traditionally, our second half is stronger on the revenue side, and we convert in the second half of the year. So that is the reason we're affirming, if you will. As far as Europe, as we indicated, June came in as a surprise to us in terms of its impact, particularly in Germany. Germany was positive last year, so there was a harder comp in June, if you will, for Germany. But that's still was an area that we have some concern about in terms of watching. And obviously, whenever we see a decline in revenue, we look at expense rightsizing, if you will. We don't have a lot of -- we never counted on a big recovery in Europe, as we've said in the prior calls, but this one particular impact in June was a little bit more dramatic than we were expecting. Hopefully, we'll see better recovery, but at this point, we can't comment on that.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, clearly, if you look at auto and transportation, which obviously was a very strong sector for us, most of the growth was in the United States. So that could account for some of it. If our competitors are stronger in Europe on the auto sector, that the answer to that would be yes, okay? The other thing is this business, we all have different clients in different sectors. In some quarters, we outperform our competitors. In other quarters, it's the reverse. And a lot of it has to do with where our clients come out. We have large multinational clients all over the globe, if you will. And in some cases, our clients spend differently. Unfortunately, our clients don't focus on our quarterly earnings. So therefore, how they spend is a different function. But I think you raise an interesting point on the auto sector because we are overweighted, if you will, on U.S. auto, and that actually bodes well for us for the rest of the year.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. McCann is, -- first of all, we were very pleased with its performance in Cannes. I mean, everyone -- historically, everyone looked at McCann as this strong global agency, and everyone looked to these smaller shops on the creative side. I think the performance of McCann and Draftfcb in Cannes was an indication that you could be a global network and really succeed on the creative side. So we're very pleased with the changes and the impact that both Harris and Gustavo and Luca are having in the marketplace, particularly with our multinational clients. One of the issues I've always said is we want to make sure that we keep the back door closed. And I think the entire team, they've been out there, Harris, I know, and Gustavo and Luca are all traveling and they're meeting with our clients, and I think they've done a tremendous job in settling down our multinational clients as well as focusing on new business. And I think that bodes well for us in terms of our achieving our objectives. And certainly, McCann is in a stronger position now that it's been in, and we expect it to continue. We're always looking to add talent. We just announced Chris Macdonald coming into the United States. That's a great addition to the McCann team. But we're always looking at it, but we're very pleased with our ability to recruit and the people we have right now.
Michael Isor Roth: We always -- it's an interesting question because we always say our severance number is around 1%, and we never -- we're always exceeding it. I think what that does is it shows that we are very strong in terms of matching our expense profile with our revenue. So if we're at 1% to 2 % -- 1.2% or 1.3% going forward. I think that seems to be more consistent as we go forward. And then again in Europe, it take -- the impact on Europe, it takes us a little more on severance because of the social rules out there. And if actions have to take place in Europe, those severance numbers are a little bit higher. But that's something we're going to look into as we go forward. But I think we view it -- whenever we take severance actions, we look for the payback on those actions. And obviously, we take them with a view towards improving our margin on a longer-term basis.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, with -- I'd like to get through 2013 before I give you guidance on 2014. But if we keep the back door shut and we continue to improve on the revenue side and the macro economics continue to be growth, if you will, as opposed to entering into a recession, I think 2014 should be fine. And -- but at this point, we're focused on getting through 2013. But we're very focused on keeping the back door shut and looking at our costs because what you don't want to do is get ahead of it and anticipate a lot of things that until they happen, you don't want to have a cost profile. It's not you kind of build it and they will come. And I think that's one of the fundamental differences in our business these days. And that is, even when we pitch new business, we have to ramp up. And clients are understanding that -- you don't have 100 people waiting in a room to jump on new business as soon as it comes in the door. So whenever we have a pitch and it's a big one -- take, for example, the Acura win at Mullen. We've added a significant size of a headcount to support that business, and it was well understood in the beginning that we have to ramp up to do that. And that's the way our business model operates. So that said, if we keep our back door closed, we continue to focus on our existing clients, and when new business pitches come up, hopefully we'll win our -- more of our fair share or our fair share of new business wins, then 2014 should be okay, subject to macro economics. That's not forecast for 2014, but it's a mechanical calculation.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, in June, what I said was in Europe, we saw a spike down, if you will, particularly in Germany and France actually. But that's -- I didn't say that was true for the rest of the company, I was focusing on why our European numbers were down. And July isn't over yet, so it's hard for me to comment on what impact it has on the rest of the year. But again, it's 11% of our total revenue. Not that, that's insignificant, but we didn't build in big recoveries for Europe. So that's why we're comfortable stating where we are in terms of our ability to achieve our goals.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, first of all, I think Frank answered the question on incentives. It's -- because of our long-term incentives and we have to true it up and last year we were a little bit off, that accounted for some of the diminution in our incentive expense. And we manage this business on a full year basis. And whether we were on target or not, clearly whenever you have new business and you have to ramp up, the ramp-up isn't built into your objectives for the year for the -- so if you want to look at it that way, you don't build in. Unless you know the business wins are there, you don't build it into your plan. So that's why we look at this business on a full year basis, and there'll be spikes up and down on a quarterly basis. That said, what we're saying is that our incentives are in the range of 3.5% for the full year. That's a reasonable number to use based on us achieving our goal of the 50 basis point improvement. And it's clearly one of our levers so that if we fall short, then you can expect to see our incentives reflect that we fall short. We have a pay-for-performance model in terms of our networks as well as in corporate, and -- but we don't really see that until frankly the fourth quarter.
Michael Isor Roth: Between the 2 events I called out, it was 50 basis points. I don't want to be any more granular than that.
Michael Isor Roth: What we always do is we have our agencies and our network come in and talk about pipeline. I like our pipeline where it is now. We know we have some potential wins in the third quarter, hopefully, will be announced. And a lot of our forecasting is based on to -- what we call "to be generated," which is business that we expect to win and so on. So right now, we're sticking to our -- what we said our objectives were. Obviously, the new business wins will help us in achieving our goals. And like I said, we're going to focus on revenue generation, cost containment in terms of getting our margins in line and keeping the back door closed. I mean -- and this business is just about that. Make sure you have the right talent, make sure you have the right offerings and service offerings that are competitive in the marketplace, don't let your expenses get out of line and win new business as it comes up. And right now, we're on track to do that.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, we've -- in Latin America, we've always -- all of our networks, our global networks and our media offerings always -- and our marketing services business in -- are very strong in Latin America. We've done transactions in Latin America to bolster it. For example, with McCann, the W acquisition, CUBOCC on the Mediabrand side. So we're very comfortable with our positioning in Latin America, and I think our performance reflects the fact that we are competitive across-the-board and that kind of improvement just basically proves that fact. We have a lot of exciting things going on in Latin America, particularly in Brazil with the World Cup and with the Olympics coming down. So there's nothing to indicate that Latin America is going to have a dramatic reversal. Obviously, some of the social issues that have happened in Brazil raises some concern. But frankly, right now, we're very excited about what's happening down there, and we continue to invest in our people down there. And frankly, our clients are investing there, which is why we're seeing the improvement that we're seeing. So we're very comfortable with that market. India is another area where we've invested very strongly. In fact the last quarter, we had 3 transactions pretty much close in India, whether it be in the PR side of it, on the media side of it, and on the advertising side. So India performed high single digits in the quarter, and we see India as being a strong market for us going forward. So I think on the emerging markets, I believe we're very well positioned in terms of our global offerings, and we continue to invest behind our brands in those locations.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. I mean, you're absolutely right. I mean, you've been on the other side, so you know. It's not unusual to see -- incur $1 million of expenses on a pitch. You want to put your best foot forward, and these days, it's very competitive. What's interesting is that we're chasing businesses that historically some of our global networks would have been too small for them. But right now, given the competitive nature of the landscape, we're all chasing businesses. And fortunately, the benefit as the holding company model is we have a number of offerings compete -- competing for the same business. So one of those -- take, for example, if we have 2 or 3 agencies competing on a particular client and one of them wins, the other 2 has incurred expenses that they're not going to recover. So we have to be very careful in terms of picking our battles. But yes, it's not cheap to chase these expenses -- these new businesses, and they run into millions of dollars. And that's why we say if you're going to do it, you got to win it. And so we take it very seriously. And you're right. And that certainly accounts for part of the expense profile that we build in to our forecast.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, clients are great. They say "Put your best foot forward." We go out and we incur production costs. I mean, if you look at some of the major pitches, we're actually running commercials to show our capabilities and our strategic thinking. And the economics of this is such that if you win and the strategic thinking and the creative that went into the pitch is the one that's adopted, then obviously you recoup it faster. You don't have to reshoot a lot of it. But there's a lot of mechanics here. And you're absolutely right, it costs money to win business. And I think you're seeing that in our results in the first half. But the good news is we won.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, we were thinking of a -- certainly, we've been looking at strategic changes. Carter will join us sometime in September, and we're excited about that. In the meantime, we're managing our business. And Neil Miller and the team at Draftfcb are doing a tremendous job. And in fact, we just had some positive news on some clients. And so, it's not that we're sitting around waiting, and we are doing recruiting. We are doing some recruiting along the way. Whether the timing of the recruiting will take place at the exact time Carter comes in at, we're running out of time, so it probably looks that way. But we're excited about what's on the horizon. Some of the people we've been talking to are really excited about potentially joining Draftfcb or, frankly have already signed on to join. And so I'm real excited about the team that when Carter finally arrives he'll be joining in terms of what the future of Draftfcb will hold. In the mean time, we're taking a -- over here in corporate, we're taking a close role, if you will, in the future of Draftfcb and managing it through this interim period.
Michael Isor Roth: There are no significant reviews. We do have Pizza Hut up for review. It's a high-profile client. We've had it for a number of years, and a number of IPG agencies are pitching that business. But absent that, we don't have any big clients in review. Every time I say that, I worry when I get back to the office. I get a phone call saying we have a big one in review. But right now, I'm knocking on wood here, we don't have any big clients in review.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, right now, obviously, we've used -- historically, our business has been 3% to 5% -- we're not quite there yet. Our forecast on -- from Magna is certainly for this year is 2% to 3%, maybe a little higher there. I think between 3% and 5% in terms of organic growth is something that you could use in terms of overall macro impact.
Michael Isor Roth: The bulk of the headwinds were in the U.S. And on the U.S. acquisition front, we had a shopper marketing company that we bought. We had a health care company that we purchased. And those 2 are the largest.
Michael Isor Roth: No, I think the bulk of it was in Europe, and it was Olympic-related. So that is a headwind, if you will, in terms of comparisons. We don't have another Olympic in the third quarter.
Michael Isor Roth: $25 million, yes. But on other side of it, there wasn't a lot of margin associated with that business.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, no, you don't get a -- there aren't big pitches like Cadillac lying around out there. There are a couple of media clients that are of size, and I'm fairly superstitious. So until it's signed and we can announce it, I don't like to count it as a win. But we're feeling positive about some of these on the media side and some traditional pitches as well. So again, there aren't any really big pitches out there right now. And as I said, you never know. But right now, we have some big, say, some media pitches out there. I'm reluctant to tell -- to name them because frankly, some of them may not have been announced and I don't want to jump in. But I think our pipeline is solid. Let me put it to you that way.
Michael Isor Roth: What's interesting, it was across-the-board. We were looking to see if it was one particular area so that we can call it out and say it was an anomaly. But frankly -- again, remember the size of our business there is not significant. So therefore, small impacts add up, and that's what you're seeing. So you're not seeing a $10 million reduction falling to the bottom line. It's a lot of small stuff across these different markets that have affected us. And again, that's a -- hopefully, that will be a rub of the green in terms of our clients in terms of how they look at their spend, but we can't comment on that here.
Michael Isor Roth: On the balance sheet, we -- if you recall, we had intentionally built up our cash on our balance sheet to get through the rating agencies and through the "turnaround." And we always said we had excess cash on our balance sheet. And the fact that we returned $1.2 billion to our shareholders is a pretty good indication that we felt that and it was time for us not to -- there was no need for us to carry that excess cash on our balance sheet. So right now, we have -- after we pay off -- you take out the $600 million, assume we have $1 billion or so of cash on our balance sheet, we also have $1 billion credit facility available to us and other resources, so we're very comfortable with our liquidity position. And frankly, you don't want to carry all that cash on your balance sheet. It costs you money to do that. And frankly, we'd rather give it to our shareholders. So I think what you're seeing now is a good indication of what our balance sheet should look like. And the fact that we had onetime items, for example the sale of Facebook, and we just took all of that cash and returned it to our shareholders. So we're very comfortable with our liquidity, our cash available to us to meet our needs with our balance sheet. And hopefully, the final rating agency will realize the strength of our business and our balance sheet to give us that final upgrade so that we'd have investment grade across-the-board. On the issue of terms, procurement has been around forever. They're always arguing about fees. That's the nature of the business. And on one side, our clients are correct in asking us to be more efficient in terms of how we do the work. And we do that, and we work very closely with our clients in terms of the FTE model that's developed. And we have to be more efficient. And in this environment, given the pressures of margins, both for our clients as well as us, it's incumbent upon us to be able to do that. And in terms of terms, particularly on the media side, which is the one that you're probably referring to, everyone says we're not a bank. And we're not a bank. And I think we've taken the position, as well as some of our competitors, that those type of terms historically in our industry, this is the way we pay our vendors when we get paid, and that's the way it should be. And frankly, they shouldn't be looking to us to do their financing. And frankly -- and that's the way the model should work. And we have not seen a major impact on our business model, if you will, that would affect our business going forward right now. And frankly, hopefully -- a number of the multinational clients have come out and said, "We're a partnership, and this is the way we should operate." And frankly, I agree with that. Most of our clients look at us and say, "You're entitled to make a return on your business and we're prepared." And we're prepared to say, you know what, particularly on the media side, our pay-for-performance model reflects the fact that it's a partnership. And if we do it well, we should get paid for it, and that's how we get nice margins on the media side of business. So a lot's been talked about it, but I think on that particular aspect, I think we've all been fairly consistent that this is the way -- the historical way of doing it is the way it should be. Well, I thank you all for participating. I hope you have a good rest of the summer and stay cool. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: James, on the margin expectation, it's probably tracking below where we thought for a very good reason because we've been very heavy on the new business. And for the softness in Europe, if you just take the second quarter, there's probably a 50 basis point impact on the second quarter margins for those 2 events. Just the onboarding of people behind the new business wins, which is, again, we'll see the return on it in the back half of the year. And then there's softness in Europe, where -- when you see June weaken, you can't adjust your cost base that quick so that had a negative impact.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Brian, we see it in a temp labor line. The agencies that are more active pitching, their temp labor spikes.
Frank Mergenthaler: Probably, for the third and fourth quarter, somewhere between 1.5% and 2%. And for the full year, about 1.5% negative.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, it's in the O&G line. It makes up almost all of the year -- the quarter-on-quarter, year-on-year increase.
Frank Mergenthaler: So the -- it's profit neutral. When I look at my actual cost base with O&G, they're effectively flat.
