Philippe Krakowsky: How are you and welcome? Look, I would characterize the environment overall is healthy. So I think we're seeing both, right? I think clients, clearly, for a host of reasons, want to, need to and understand the value of being active in the marketplace. And I think that's across a broad range of channels, although the focus is clearly on deepening relationships with consumers. And so I'd say that the highest area of demand, which won't surprise you, is for services and capabilities where you've got a greater digital component, data-driven component, accountability, clearly and precision are absolutely key, right? But there's still a strong need for thinking and for work that's going to bring brand to life in mass media, right? So I mean I look at what's going to happen this weekend. We've got kind of a number of clients who are going to feature and make news on the Super Bowl. It's still very effective kind of platform. And then the other place we see demand is for sort of integrated campaigns. So when you want to land, articulate and then land an idea across a full range of touch points because I think that, again, when a marketer is launching a new product, looking to differentiate their service, they see the value of all of those. Now other factors that come to mind when I kind of think about what you put out there, I'd sort of – when you think about, say, Q4 project as it were activity in Q4 was healthy. So there's also an interest in the kind of work that our marketing services and activation agencies are doing. So I think that probably tracked modestly north of overall growth in the quarter. And then if you sort of think about experiential event, a small piece of our offering, but still an important part of the overall offering. That was back to circa 85% of the level that we were seeing in Q4 of 2019. So I think all of those things tell you that what we're seeing is a combination of both. There's definitely a broader recovery going on. But I think there's also a shift to an understanding that you can – and that you have to have a voice in the marketplace given the complexity of what's going on, the speed of what's going on. And some of the other pressure points that clients are feeling in terms of their business and how they need to drive their story, their franchise forward.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Look, I mean, if you look at Q4, which I think it kind of helps to sort of think, okay, what are we seeing as we head into the new year? I think the sort of strongest areas of growth aren't going to surprise you in the lease bid. So media, data tech if you sort of pull it from a disciplined point of view. Health care, if you think about it as a sector point of view. Clearly, the U.S. is a region where there we had strength kind of across the board. I mean, Media brand is strong. McCann and FCB were strong, as to help, in particular. Acxiom had a really good quarter. So I think to my mind, it's where you've got more of those data capabilities and that ability to connect what we do on the marketing services and the kind of creative ideation side of things through the line to this data and tech layer. But in terms of the recovery, as we called out, when you look at on the experiential and events businesses, they're clearly helped by the fact that you're comparing to fairly depressed levels in 2020. I think that what's positive there is that we're clearly not going to see lockdowns of the kinds of restrictions, societal response to whatever the lingering effects of COVID seems to be kind of normalizing. And so I think we're going to – we see continued opportunity there. It's a modest part of the portfolio. It's probably sub 5% of the portfolio. But as I say, we see it as a place where we can integrate all the way through with our other assets. But I think we all see it as a place where smart marketers are going to look at some of those areas as places where they can do something that a lot of clients are very focused on, which is build their repository of first-party data. So they're interacting with consumers in live settings. And so when you think that through on a going-in basis, you can build those experiences in a way that I think is going to be really beneficial for a marketer.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, it's clearly an avenue that's available to us. And I think that having come through Acxiom now and having integrated it, I think, very effectively and having been really disciplined in moving through the deleveraging. When you think about, as I said, areas like digital consumer experience, areas like whatever the sort of breadth of commerce is because obviously, whether you call it e-commerce or connected commerce, those are definitely areas where we're going to be thoughtful, but – and we've always been of the – if we can invest in it and build it ourselves, that's clearly a preferred approach that's worked well for us over time. But the rate of change is high. And where you find an asset that brings IP and a technology capability that's distinctive, it can clearly help accelerate the business. So we're definitely going to be looking, I think, in those areas in a thoughtful way.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I'll take them kind of backwards. Look, I mean, I think that – I would frame your growth question over a multiyear period, right? And so I think if you think about it, you say, okay, we deliver on the growth target we just put out there. I assume that competitors who guided do the same and then take out some of the volatility of pandemic by, say, doing a three-year stack, do a four-year, whatever you need to do. But if you do a three-year stack and you roll that scenario out, our growth is still going to be, I'd say, 2x the industry average. And so to our mind, that says very competitive offerings. And I think more importantly, it says that's a platform for go-forward sustainable growth. It's a big business, and we're in the midst of trying to move through and assess and modernize a lot of it. And you see the places where we've been successful and gotten out ahead of that. But there's still reasonable ways to go. So that's opportunity. But that also, to my mind, doesn't then translate into sort of a hockey stick. And then on the UK question, I would put to you that we've got – in any region, the nature of our business the – sort of the size that, that represents to us all in, and it's a quarter. And what we had in the UK was quite variable performance. Oddly enough, we had a couple of marketing services assets, and we're not going to sort of call out the specifics, but we had a few marketing services and project assets there, which whether it was specific to them or to a client, didn't perform as well. We had a bunch of the assets I call that on Ben's question that did perform very well. But I think looking at a specific quarter in a region for us tends not to be, I think, all that strong an indicator of how the business is performing. And I'd sort of say, take a look at the year, whether it's international overall or for any of the regions.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I mean, to your point, I think the thinking behind adding that additional segment view is it's unlikely that we could give you line of sight into how the business is run, because in the case of many of our really large clients, it is a very integrated broad range of services that are brought to bear. And because we're continuing to try to evolve the business, right? But clearly, our thinking in going to a third segment or a three-segment view will be to give you better line of sight into precisely the question that you've asked. And then I think that the other thing that we clearly try to do is call out where the strong performers are and then be very direct with you about the fact that the places where we've seen growth over the last few years in media, in data and tech, in health care are not only our stronger growers, but they're also – they're accretive to growth, and they're also accretive to margin. So they are building, as you say, – there is clearly disciplined cost management, and we've got terrific teams in that regard. There's clearly the benefit of the restructuring. But there's also, as you say, the fact that the nature of what we do is generating more value for clients, and we're still work in progress in terms of evolving the business model as well in terms of how our commercial model, in terms of how we engage with clients, but we're going to keep trying to – as we move through this process, give you some line of sight into how that's going.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, again, just thank you all for the time. We know there's a lot to cover on this particular call because we're both recapping a quarter a year and giving you line of sight. But as we said, we're excited about what's ahead. And we're very focused on the fact that that's going to require everybody on our side to execute. So thank you, and we'll talk to you in relatively short order. We've got the call coming up.
