Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our first quarter results.  As usual, I'll start out by carving the key highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional detail on our quarter. I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and full year outlook to be followed by a Q&A.  Beginning with revenue. In the first quarter, our organic rate -- growth rate was 2.8%. Our comparison to last year was the most challenging among our peer set because of our industry-leading 9.3% organic revenue growth in Q1 a year ago.  Given this difficult hurdle, our 2.8% organic growth represents a solid result. Regionally, we were led by double-digit growth in Asia-Pac, fueled by a broad cross-section of our agencies, followed in turn by growth in Lat-Am, the U.S. and U.K.  Revenue decreased in Continental Europe where macroeconomic conditions, not surprisingly, continued to pose a challenge.  We saw growth at our IAN sector, which consists of our global advertising networks, our media operations, the U.S. integrated independents and our digital specialty agencies.  CMG's strong performance reflects the continuing growth of our marketing services specialist agencies and public relations that is Weber and Golin, experiential and sports marketing, as well as branding and identity.  Once again, digital services made a very strong contribution to our growth. This was true for the embedded capabilities at all of our global advertising networks within Mediabrands, at the U.S. integrated independent agencies and across the marketing services agencies that are part of CMG. It was also the case at our digital specialist agencies which continued to show strong growth and are making good progress in extending the service offerings and broadening the geographic reach.  Turning to our client sectors. We had double-digit growth in the auto and transportation and retail sectors, as well as growth in financial services and food and beverage.  The tone of our continuing business remains solid, but we did experience the negative revenue impact related to last year's account activity that we identified on our last call. Those headwinds were mainly felt in our consumer goods and tech and telecom sectors, both domestically and internationally.  Turning to operating expenses. Results in the quarter reflect continued careful cost management. This type of discipline is something that we trust you've come to expect from this management team.  Our Q1 seasonal operating loss was $39 million, a 13% improvement compared to a loss of $45 million a year ago.  On a trailing 12-month basis, our operating margin was 9.8%, maintaining our performance for the full year 2011, a level of profitability that Interpublic had not achieved in over a decade. Other Q1 highlights saw continued progress in decreasing outstanding shares and reducing our debt.  During the quarter, we repurchased a further 5 million shares using $53 million along with our quarterly common stock dividend of $26 million.  Given the seasonality of our cash flows, we chose to moderate the pace of our repurchase activity in the year's first quarter.  For the 12 months ending March 31, we have returned over $550 million to our shareholders via common dividends and the repurchase of 46 million shares. This is an accomplishment of which we are proud and one that speaks to our confidence that we can continue to build on the strong performance and positive momentum of recent years, another area in which we've taken significant strides in strengthening our balance sheet and overall financial position. In late March, we took another positive step in this regard by retiring our $400 million 4.25% convertible notes, which eliminates 33 million shares from our diluted share count. Concurrently, we issued $250 million of new 10-year senior notes with a 4% coupon, thereby, lowering our total debt by $150 million as a result of these 2 transactions.  With the first quarter behind us, we remain solidly on track to deliver on our 2012 targets as we continue to drive value for our key stakeholders going forward.  I'll turn things over to Frank now for some additional color and join you after his remarks.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Frank. As you can see our first quarter performance represents a solid beginning for 2012. Organic revenue growth on top of the very strong Q1 last year, demonstrates that our agencies continue to be highly competitive in the marketplace and contributions came from across our portfolio. The companies within CMG continue to win market share and we are leading the industry in areas such as PR, experiential and sports marketing.  Of the growth -- other growth drivers in the quarter included our U.S. integrated independents, Mediabrands and Lowe. Across the group, digital services were strong.  During our recent calendar view meetings with our major operators, one of the recurrent themes has been [Audio Gap] continue to adapt our various offerings to meet the demands of marketing in a digital world. Whether it be at Mullen or Deutsche, Weber Shandwick or UM, at least half, and as many 3 and 4 new hires coming on stream, are individuals who bring digital expertise into our agencies.  We continue to see the benefits of our digital strategy in which the primary pillar is embedding digital talent at all of our agencies. Of course, having best-in-class digital specialists like R/GA, HUGE and MRM, as well as leading-edge offerings such as Cadreon and the audience platform, further enhances our digital capabilities and our overall performance.  Since the beginning of the year, we've begun to build new business momentums and we are net new business positive for the first quarter.  The commonwealth win at McCann will see us add meaningful incremental GM markets and revenue internationally. Worldgroup has also added a number of wins in its healthcare group. Draftfcb made good strides in replacing its SCJ revenue domestically with digital and CRM wins on Cox Communications and Discover Card, and also had significant assignments on the healthcare front.  Our U.S. independents and Mediabrands had strong new business in the quarter. The new business pipeline is solid. At this time, last year, we had a number of major clients in review. That is not currently the case. Instead of defending, we are involved in a number of new business opportunities in which there is significant upside. It also bears mention that our performance in the emerging economies remains strong. Coming off combined organic revenue growth greater than 25% in Brazil, India and China in Q1 of 2011, we saw additional double-digit growth in this group during the first quarter.  This result was led by China where our CMG agencies, McCann and Mediabrands led the way. Draftfcb also won a number of important new clients in the market.  In Brazil, performance was led by Lowe, CMG and R/GA. McCann also performed well in Lat-Am.  In India, we've had a very significant market presence overall, with Draftfcb, Lowe and McCann, all having outstanding agencies.  As you saw last year, we've begun to be more active on the M&A front. We do not see any area of vulnerability in our portfolio, but we are committed to investing in targeted transactions that enhance our agency brands, particularly in high-growth capabilities such as digital and marketing services, as well as high-growth geographic markets.  There's never been a greater need for informed advice as companies in every industry and all regions of the world seek to navigate an increasingly complex digital, media and consumer ecosystem. We are well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities.  In summary, we are pleased with the Q1 results. We know that Q1 is our smallest revenue period seasonally and while the headwinds we are facing will be less pronounced in the second half of the year, we have consistently cautioned against putting too much weight on a single quarter's results.  That said, we remain comfortable with the full year 2012 goals of 3% organic revenue growth and at least 50 basis points of operating margin improvement that we shared with you on our last call.  We are solidly on track to deliver on those targets. The significant deleveraging we've undergone and the strength of our balance sheet provide additional powerful leverage that should allow us to continue to support the needs of our business, return capital to our owners and drive shareholder value. The challenge for our management teams and for our people is to remain focused on the needs of our clients and building their businesses, which in turn will allow us to build on our success and create sustained value going forward.  I would now like to open the floor for Q&A.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. Thank you, Alexia. Well, we had indicated they actually -- and we started seeing the loss of SC Johnson in December of last year. So it didn't wait until January before we saw any impact. What we said in our call that we expected about 2% to 3% of headwinds for the full year and while we indicated it was over-weighted, if you will, in the first half of the year. So we will continue to see those headwinds certainly through the first 6 months, but we will continue to see some headwinds through the balance of the year. If you -- what's interesting about the headwinds is that it's somewhat overweighted in the U.S., Lat-Am and Continental Europe, which explains some of the lower organic growth numbers that we're putting out there with respect to those markets. So if we use the first half of the year, if we use anywhere from 3% to say 3.5% in terms of headwinds, that should give you a good idea and that should start trailing off towards the end of the year.
Michael I. Roth: Obviously, that was a big factor. Of course, we had the Microsoft media and we did have the Home Depot media flowing through. But again, Alexia, if we look at it from a full-year perspective, when we say we're comfortable with 3% organic, that takes into account the headwinds and basically how we see the flow-through impact of that throughout the year.
Michael I. Roth: It only took you a few minutes before you ask already about the second quarter, Alexia. But look, we again -- we don't give quarterly results forecast. We look at it from a full year. Obviously, there's some new -- there's some opportunities into -- new business wins that will factor into our results. So all we can say is that you see the existing headwinds that we have. We are comfortable with our overall objective. I hope to see some good positive announcements on some of the new business opportunities we are seeing and all of that will impact our second quarter results.
Michael I. Roth: McCann, obviously, we've made continuing investments in new talent in McCann. And just recently, I met with the senior management team there. I'm feeling real good about our leadership at McCann and where that's heading. They have terrific plans in terms of opportunities that are out there. Of course, once in a while, you see some losses, and I'll anticipate the question before it comes. We just recently saw movement of some business out of McCann, L.A. Not significant in terms of dollars, but it is with Nestlé. On the other side, you'll see an announcement recently of McCann U.S. winning a new project with Nestlé Waters. So that's the nature of our business. We win some business, we lose some business. When we give you a full year forecast, it factors in all the business opportunities and potential [indiscernible] we see.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, let me talk about the first. This is the first quarter, so it's hard to pinpoint exactly how much is new business versus not, but the fact is in the first quarter, the growth that we're seeing is from our existing clients, okay? The roll off of our losses we know and how that's going to impact us and that's why we give you the numbers that we've given you, but we won't see new business wins impact until later on in the year. We're starting to see some of it in the second quarter but it should be through the rest of the year. The other thing to keep in mind is that if you look at the organic changes in our first quarter last year, we had some -- a very impressive organic growth in the quarter. For example, in the U.S., we had an 8.8% organic growth in the first quarter. So that's a very difficult hurdle with some headwinds to overcome so we're pleased with the changes that we're seeing in the United States facing that kind of organic growth. The same when you go to Lat-Am. Lat-Am, we had almost 14% organic growth in the fourth -- in the first quarter last year, so to show growth on top of that is fairly impressive. So that's exactly why when we give guidance, if you will, we talk about it from a full-year perspective, because we look and anticipate some loss business, we know what our existing client base, we've already stated that our strength is in our existing client base. We win some, we lose some. And the bulk of our organic growth from our existing clients is what drives our business. And that's how we operate our businesses.
Michael I. Roth: Last year, we had about 2% headwinds. So to put one on top of the other, if every year we're going in with 2%, and last year, we had terrific organic performance versus our sector so we were able to, on a full year basis, overcome 2% headwinds. Obviously, we're driving to do the same for this year, it is only the first quarter. We'll be announcing some positive wins. We have a whole year ahead of us and so that is, if you want to keep that in mind, we've been able to overcome those kind of headwinds before. And still show very strong performance.
Michael I. Roth: I wish I knew the answer to the question, whether we -- I hope we bottomed in Europe. Look, we had good results in the U.K. That's a positive sign, but, obviously, the rest of Continental Europe is challenging and there are pockets of light and there are still issues. Our multinational clients are focused on emerging markets, period. That's not news and frankly, they go where the money is and where the opportunities are. So that's why it's so important for us to have very strong offerings in those markets whether it would be Lat-Am, whether it be Asia-Pac and the rest of China and India, but also in markets like Indonesia and Africa and Turkey. These are markets that our clients are looking at to invest money and gain market share, and that's where we're going to see significant growth in the years to come. So it's not a question of just taking money and cutting back here and investing there. They are investing in growth, period. And if there's an opportunity to invest in growth, they will spend those dollars.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I mean, you're absolutely right. The CMG business tends to be more of a project-based business. We're trying to get that to a model of recurring revenue stream. We're making some success there, but clearly, it's always interesting when we do forecasting for those businesses. Because it's a project-based business, most of their business is to be generated, as we say. But they consistently outperformed, so we're very comfortable with those numbers. We've had a very strong market in particularly in the PR side. Weber Shandwick and GolinHarris continue to be best in class. They win awards that reflect that, but the results -- more importantly, their results reflect that. Our sports marketing group: Octagon is having a very good year; as well as Jack Morton, which is our experiential marketing. So although Weber Shandwick and PR and Golin are the biggest piece of CMG, we are seeing good performance across all the businesses within CMG.
Michael I. Roth: Well, I wouldn't say that we're solidly on track to deliver on these targets if I wasn't comfortable with those numbers. I hate to do this because all the accountants are going to look at me funny. But take a look at our incentive comp as an example, okay? We base our incentive comp on a full year basis, okay? And then, we have to amortize it through the year. So that is one line, if you want to look at I don't particularly like looking at it, but I know you're going to ask for example. So I'll use that went. Our incentive comp is in line frankly it's a little higher but it's in line with what we forecast for the full year. In order for us to do that, we have to be comfortable with the full year and we have to show that where our plans are coming out are consistent with that. That's the simplest way I can tell you that we're comfortable with the full year. Look, we want to drive to beat that. That's our objective, all right? We set targets that we think are a bit of a stretch but are attainable and that all our business units put together plans on where they think they can do better. So we're comfortable where we are right now for the first quarter. Certainly, we've got a lot of time left in the year, but the tone of our business all indicates that we should be able to deliver on these results and hopefully we'll do a little better.
Michael I. Roth: A good example of our approach to the balance sheet is look at our debt offering. We borrowed 250, we were very pleased with our ability and our reaction in the marketplace. It was oversubscribed many times over. And frankly, we could have loaded up on debt there at a very attractive rate and we chose not to. And so we chose to take that $150 million and reduce our debt. So I think that should give you a good indication, one, of our confidence in our ability to perform in the future, and 2, where we look to see where we put our capital. And so we can -- the Board authorized the new share buyback program of $300 million, which we are now starting to eat into, so we finished the $450 million authorization. And from a balance sheet point of view, we're very comfortable, but as Frank said, we're going to be very opportunistic in terms of the marketplace and where do we use our capital and what are the right objectives. Our objectives are to grow our business and enhance shareholder value. And that's the analysis we go through every time we see an opportunity.
Michael I. Roth: Well, we don't give out specific numbers by country. We do -- Asia-Pac, we do give out numbers. It's -- obviously, Asia-Pac is becoming a bigger piece of our business. Overall, let's assume Asia-Pac is 11% or so. And clearly, China is an important part of that, although, it's certainly not the largest part of Asia-Pac.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. We are -- the first thing you have to do in China is to make sure you have new talent and good talent. And if you look at, for example, we just beefed-up our talent in McCann in China with the addition of Jesse and some other people. CMG has repositioned its offerings in China and so talent is what drives the business in China. It's kind of a illusory to go out and buy businesses in China that frankly a year from now, they're not even going to be there. So we will be strategic if we see some attractive bolt-ons, if you will, to any transactions in China. We will look at them. We'll try to get comfortable with retention of the people and the book of business. But our primary focus in China is to grow organically through getting great talent and working with our multinationals as well as focusing on local clients. For example, some of our businesses, because of our multinationals, have a good core agency and they're growing locally, which is I think, eventually, as we go out beyond the key cities, we have to be able to have talent to focus on that growth locally. And that's how we're going to grow it.
Michael I. Roth: The same kind of conversation we had on whether we do share buybacks versus dividends. And frankly, one of the issues that we have to address is whether the tax law is going to change and what impact that will be. So we want to make sure we are flexible in terms of our cash and basically to meet the objectives of our shareholders. I mean, certainly, there's an argument, aside from not tapping the debt market at all, there's an argument that giving rates, being so low, we should have borrowed as much as we could and be opportunistic and then figure out what to do with the money in terms of whether it be share buyback or whatever. We don't want to be knee-jerk reaction to that, but we want to make sure we're participating. So I think the message you should take away from what we did in the debt offering is we were opportunistic, we saw some good rates and we took advantage of it. We were conscious of our investment grade rating and we still have one more to go. And we want to make sure by the end of the year, we're positioned, so that we finally get them to move on that, and we're hopeful that they will. And so all of our various constituencies are affected by whatever decision we make and by our dividend policy, by our share buyback policy, by deleveraging. All of that rolls up into how we enhance shareholder value and we will continue to make those calls as they come up and as we see opportunities. I think that's what you want us to do in terms of our management team.
Michael I. Roth: The shifting is the ongoing question. Every year, everyone says TV is dead. Everything is going online and yet you see organic growth in TV. So here I go, I mean, I'm just going to tell you and I said it in my remarks, advice in terms of way you spend your money right now is critical. Analytics, in terms of where you spend your money are critical, which is why we're investing our money in talent and resources and tools to make that decision. Clearly, online spending and video and the web are all significant growth opportunities and we have the resources and talents to work it, but traditional TV hasn't gone away. Now you can look at the forecast and say that the rate that it's going, eventually, Internet is going to overtake it, who knows. But right now, we have to be able to be responsive to all of that, and in some cases, traditional TV works. In some cases, it doesn't. And we do see a considerable amount of our client dollars focusing on digital and web-based video. And certainly, the issue of the over-the-top and all these things are issues that we have to be able to address. And frankly, that confusion is good for us because that's where we earn our stripes in terms of advising our clients.
Michael I. Roth: The reference I made to the people we are hiring have digital expertise goes to that issue. What you have is an employee base that some of whom haven't gotten the experience or really bought onto to the new digital environment. And when you bring in talent that is, it makes it much more efficient. And by the way, our staff cost ratios are going up, but organic is going up more, it's not the same. So that's a good sign when that happens, okay. Because that's where you see the leverage drawn on our people, and to the extent we're able to see talent in the marketplace and bring them onboard, that's how we become more efficient going forward.
Michael I. Roth: No, absolutely. I mean, that's the holy grail. I mean, if they can start shifting that and we can provide the tools and resources and content, right, because you need content to be able to do that, then that is certainly a key objective. And frankly, if we're a part of making that happen, that's what our tools and resources are supposed to be able to do.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I mean and look, that's the game on the social media and -- but you still need content. You still need things that measure it. You still need access to the consumer and that relationship and what else are they looking for, and how do you build that platform. And that's what we do.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. When we modeled out and we had our Investor Day, when we showed our glide pass, if you will, to achieving competitive margins, if we use a 30% conversion rate, that's how we're going to get there. So if we do better, we'll get there sooner.
Michael I. Roth: The 2 biggest pictures out there frankly are opportunities for us. One is Unilever Media. As you may know, right now, the bulk of our Unilever media is in Latin America and we are very comfortable with where we stand on that and we view our opportunities with respect to inroads on the global media pitch. Hopefully, will be positive and we're actively engaged in that discussion as we speak. So the downside on that one is not significant. The upside we think could be very beneficial to us. The other one is the Bank of America. There, Hill Holliday is leading our pitch there. We have an existing relationship with Hill Holliday and Bank of America, which is outstanding. We certainly are comfortable and we believe our existing business is solid and we view that as an opportunity as well. We don't have any other big pitches. We have the post office with respect to Campbell Ewald and Draftfcb that, as you may know, has been extended. So that will play out towards the end of the year. The other 2 pitches we would hope to see in the first half of the year resolved. But we don't have any other big clients up for review, and frankly, which is why my comment was I think our opportunities on the upside in terms of new business.
Michael I. Roth: Well, thank you very much for joining us. We look forward to our call with respect to our second quarter results. And thanks for joining us. Good bye.
Frank Mergenthaler: John, there was no onetime items. We've seen progress on that line for multiple quarters. I think our centralized real estate team does a terrific job. We're constantly trying to co-locate agencies and markets, take advantage of scale, drive competitive pricing in markets on lease terms and we've been seeing that benefit consistently. So there's not a real estate transaction that can get executed anywhere in the globe that doesn't go through that group. And the group's doing a terrific job, and we expect it to continue to do a terrific job.
Frank Mergenthaler: I don't expect to see. Again, we want to see consistent progress, John, but if you go back and track it, there's a magnitude of the progress over the past 8, 10 quarters, we're starting to hit a ceiling specially as the global real estate markets starts to turn and pick up.
Frank Mergenthaler: Without getting specific numbers, Peter, it's small. The distribution is smaller in Europe. But they've actually invested in our growing especially in the U.K.
Frank Mergenthaler: I mean, Matt, you can expect to see further deleveraging for us, I don't want to put a number on it, and we've got material opportunity a year from now when we've got some more converts out there, depending on what share price is. And we also have some expensive securities that mature in 2017 with a coupon of 10% that we can buy in or refinance at a slight premium. So those are things you can expect this management team to be aggressive in looking at options and driving the cost of our funding down plus probably deleveraging along with it.
Frank Mergenthaler: Second quarter of next year, we can go at them with a locked-in premium, which is manageable, because right now they're trading at a very expensive premium. So we probably won't touch them until that strike price is locked in. And you can expect actual gross debt to come down somewhat.
Frank Mergenthaler: As Michael pointed out in his comments earlier. There are a bunch of cash calls around trying to drive shareholder value. So we're trying to manage our way through where we put our money against M&A, where we put our money with respect to share repurchase, where we put our money in dividends. So we're looking at multiple uses for our cash. When we evaluated our options, the 2 things we concluded on was, one, we wanted to deleverage and we will continue to delever and we wanted to do it in a way that was thoughtful and take advantage of very, very attractive markets. So I think the transactions we did, delevering by $150 million and also tapping a very attractive debt market, I think, was a very well balanced, thought-out strategy. And I think going forward, you'll continue to see us in a similar path. We look at all options that I think will be fairly thoughtful around what we're going to do with respect to delevering further and also tapping a very attractive capital markets.
Frank Mergenthaler: And, Tim, on the cost profile as we close the difference between where we are and competitive margins, we hope to continue to see progress against the O&G performance although we're starting to bottom out. So the real leverage is going to be around staff costs. And when you look at a fully loaded staff cost ratio, that number has got to be less than 60%. And right now, it's -- we've made significant progress but we need -- there's still room to grow. When we look at the various components, it's getting greater operating leverage out of our base salaries and being very aggressive in things like temporary labor. And it's an area that all of our operating groups have been extremely focused on for years, have invested aggressively against technology and tools to allow them better visibility into things like staff utilization. And it's the metric quite frankly every time Michael and I meet with our operating folks we spend the most time on other than revenue. So that's the area that if we are going to close the gap or when we close the gap, that's the area we need to see the greatest leverage.
Frank Mergenthaler: Sure. I mean, and again the real estate discussion or the comments we made earlier is a good case in point.
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, we had said going into '11, incremental margin on growth of 30% was a reasonable assumption. We reiterated that on our last call. When you look at trailing 12 months, incremental margin as of 3/31, it's north of 30%. So if we in fact exceed the 3%, is there an opportunity to expand that 50 basis points margin...
Frank Mergenthaler: James on severance. For the first quarter, the majority of the severance was in Europe. For the full year, we historically guided people to 1% . We've trended over that for the last few years, probably 1.5% of revenues is a reasonable number and I think that the variable in that discussion again is Europe.
