Michael Roth: Yes. As you know, our fourth quarter is typically when we see an increase in projects and, in fact, we saw that. That was evidenced then by the strong fourth quarter result. For example, at Weber Shandwick and Golin, as well as Octagon. So, I don’t consider necessarily a flush of spending. I think it’s pretty difficult to have these projects operate in the fourth quarter. But what it does signal is the tone and the fact that our clients continue to value our marketing services in terms of their ability to do events and project to reach their consumers.
Michael Roth: All of that. First of all, the strength in UK, yes, as we – as you summarized in the fourth quarter, we have 9.6% and for 12 months, we’re up 9.7%. So those are pretty good results. A lot of it – and what’s impressive about that is, it’s across the Board. It’s media, it’s PR, it’s advertising. So a lot of that has to do with new client wins and the competitive positioning of us in the UK. We have yet to see any big pullbacks from Brexit, and I know that question comes up all the time. I mean, eventually, depending on what that outcome is, it may be impact, but right now, we’re just not seeing that. So we’re very pleased with the results. And just for a comparison, I believe the UK represents about 8% or 9% of our business and we’re pleased with these results. The incentive comp follows our performance, so frank why don’t you comment on it.
Michael Roth: We always say it’s a variable costs model and that’s what you do when you have – when you lose a client and unfortunately, we did. The adjustment to that is unfortunately in terms of layoffs and right-sizing the business. And the other side of that is, as we bring new business on, we’re going to see an increase sometimes in temporary labor until we get the full-time employees embedded in the organization. So it goes both ways. When we win a client, it takes a while for the revenue and we have the expenses. On the other side, we have to take express actions when we lose and – but the business continues to run off.
Michael Roth: Yes. Well, on the revenue synergies, we said that the Acxiom transaction will be accretive. In fact, in the fourth quarter, when we added Acxiom, it was, in fact, accretive and we expect it to continue to be accretive for the full-year 2019. So we’re very pleased with how that’s going in. The synergies won’t really be taking effect probably towards the latter part of the year. Right now, we’re busy integrating the businesses. And the integration of the businesses is – frankly, has given rise to additional revenue synergies versus what our base case was. But it will take sometime to implement some of the things that have to be done to make sure that the integration is correct and then whatever products we bring to market are being brought at the right time with the right people in place. But the good news is that we’re seeing greater potential revenue on synergy than we anticipated. In the meantime, the base business of Acxiom continues to be solid. Remember, the key aspect of Acxiom was data management, and 65% to 70% of their business is data management and they continue to do an outstanding job there. In terms of our priorities, the – our markets are changing. So, therefore, it’s important for us to invest in talent. I mean, clearly, it goes without saying digital capabilities, which incidentally we embedded in all of our agencies long-time ago. So every one of our agencies, whether they’d be creative, media, experiential, PR, all have very strong digital capabilities. And then, of course, we have the Huge, R/GA, Profero, MRM, which are our unique digital capabilities within themselves. But we continue to have to invest in the talent. The other is business transformation. We’re finding that, that given our relationship with our clients and the work that we’re doing, we are seeing opportunities for business transformation. So we have been bringing onboard consultants, experts and business transformation, particularly in our digital agencies like R/GA, Huge, MRM and Profero. These business transformation projects are very well received. They’re dealing with C-suite executives. And, of course, our goal is not only to win the project part of that, but to expand our relationship as a result of that. So one of the emphasis will be to continue to expand our expertise in business transformation. As well as in terms of data, data covers a lot of ground. I do believe we’re going to see an increase in privacy issues across the country. Acxiom has expertise certainly with GDPR. We have expertise that we’ve already brought to the market. In the United States, we see it in California. We’re going to see it expanding all of the United States. We hope that we’ll see a federal answer to the question of data privacy in the U.S. and that’ll give us a great opportunity to leverage the expertise of Acxiom as being the leading provider of these services that have an element of trust, confidentiality and capabilities that are necessary in that environment.
Michael Roth: Yes, I think that’s fair to say, but I do believe it’ll start to pick up. I don’t think it’s going to stand still. But a good part of our revenue is coming from our existing clients. And our expertise in terms of working those clients bringing in the additional resources under our open architecture model is the opportunity that we have. I mean, that’s the bread-and-butter of our business. And you win – hopefully, you win more than you lose in new reviews and hopefully, there are the other competitors’ clients that are in review. Unfortunately, we had some bad result in December, but we don’t have anything under review now. I don’t want to jinx it. And we’re opportunistic and we’re feeling good about our ability to compete as they come up in 2019.
Michael Roth: Okay. Well, look, when we originally did the forecasting of Acxiom, we used a 5% growth number that was out there.
Michael Roth: Suffice it to say, what I said, we delivered at least a 5% growth as expected in the fourth quarter. And given all the opportunities and what we believe the market is looking for from Acxiom, obviously, there’s a growth participation in our growth through 2019. We also commented that the Acxiom business was on the higher side of margins, and we expect that to continue throughout the year and no, we’re not going to break out the margins for Acxiom, as you asked. But we do – we – as I said, we do believe it will be accretive to us for the full year.
Michael Roth: Well, I always look to John as being the wise man in our industry, and I thought we’ll always take his guidance. The fact is, yes, I think, what happens is any company that’s – that has some issues, the best way to show the strength of their business is to win business. And needless to say, this business is a very competitive business right now. Actually, it always. Ever since I’ve been in this business, it’s been competitive, and pricing is an important aspect of it. But let’s not forget, you don’t get the pricing unless you have the capabilities to get there, okay? So when it comes down to pricing, I don’t – there are circumstances, where for strategic reasons, some of the competitors may view this as an opportunity to gain market share or put a win on the Board. And sure, to the extent that some of our competitors are lacking revenue as reflected in their results, that’s the way of doing it. I think we’ll see on their future performance in terms of how their growth goes and how their margin expansion flows through. And I think you’ll be able to tell which of the businesses are doing it and which aren’t. I mean, on a long-term basis, the rub is going to hit the road. You can win a quick business by buying it, but it’s [Audio Interruption] in the margins. So the fact that we’re forecasting an expansion of margin for 2019 and organic revenue and we believe in the product that we serve and how we deal with our clients. And in the end, you get what you pay for, and that’s how we view our competitiveness in the marketplace.
Michael Roth: Well, look, the way -- it’s still unclear how these businesses in terms of losses are going to roll out. First of all, the losses didn’t affect 2018, it’s principally a 2019 event in terms of the impact, and it’ll cycle through probably the second quarter and thereafter, if you want to do your modeling on it. And as far as our wins, the losses came in, in December of 2018. That’s why it takes a while for it affect our results in 2019. On the other side of it, we had business wins in 2018 that start to impact a little bit in the fourth quarter, but the bulk of the wins will impact starting in the first quarter of 2019.
Michael Roth: Yes. I think it’s pretty clear that healthcare was a major vertical for us, we’ve been saying it all year. And for the full-year, it continued to be our largest growth and healthcare is 25% of our business. So that’s a strength and we see that continuing into 2019. We did have a pickup in consumer goods. And I was surprised. Everybody would talk about consumer goods. I was expecting the first question to be how come you guys are up on a global basis of consumer goods. Consumer goods is 8% of our business and we had some client wins. So we’re fortunate in our clients in the consumer goods space, which frankly accounted for a good growth for us on a year-to-year basis. Financial services continue to be solid for us. We saw our auto and transportation growth in that area. Earlier in the year, it was not quite as growing, and we saw an improvement in auto and transportation. Tech and telecom, we had some strain in the first part of the year. We saw some recovery in the second-half of the year. And frankly, food and beverage is probably our weakest sector. But overall, we’re very pleased with the fact that our business is disbursed versus sectors, and we’re performing well in most of them.
Michael Roth: Yes. No, we don’t. And there’s so much that goes into our rating, the tone of the business, the integration of Acxiom and obviously, our cash flow. So what I said in my remarks is how we have to look at it. And that is, as we perform, as we take, we don’t have share buyback. So we hopefully delever in terms of paying down debt. And when we reach the right levels, we’ll know it when we see it and we’ll implement buying back shares. We think it’s important that there’d be a balance between returning of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks. I’m very pleased with the support the Board has with us with respect to the increase of the dividend, showing that their confidence in the business in the future and how important it is to return capital to our shareholders. So we chose the dividend vehicle this time. And as we delever, we’ll see us getting back into buyback business.
Michael Roth: Well, again, if you look at the size of our businesses, I think LatAm is a great example of the effect that we have in terms of business wins and losses. We went for a period in time, where LatAm, the business – we were negative because of losses. Fortunately, whether it be McCann or Mediabrands and FCB and MullenLowe, we picked up new business. So we saw a strength in Brazil, which is great to see as a result of some of the new business. Argentina, Mexico are very strong for us. So it’s across the Board in Latin America, but the good news is Brazil and that’s principally driven by new business wins, or actually a new business win or client come back, which is great. With respect to the other markets, the same is true in Continental Europe. The fact that we’re stronger in Continental Europe. We were up 4.1% in the fourth quarter and 5.3% for the year. That too was very much a new client business-related. And again, it’s 8% of our business. So a client win here or there gives rise to a nice increase. So I think the answer to your question is, we want to win business in those markets and we’ll see the growth coming from that.
Michael Roth: Yes. I mean, that’s the key part of the integration and we didn’t want to break it. We do it well. We bought them because of their strength. So we have teams. We have great oversight in terms of how we work together. And I got to tell you the relationship between them and IPG is fantastic. And not only we’re looking at revenue synergies from IPG clients using Acxiom, we’re seeing a lot of action coming from Acxiom, bringing in IPG businesses. So we’re really excited about that opportunity.
Michael Roth: Well, I’m getting the high sign here. So I thank you all for your participation. I know we’ve got to do it again, but we’re quite proud of the results for 2018, and we look forward to great results for 2019. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: And lastly, the model is working. We did a very good job of managing our base benefits and tax, both in the quarter and the year, which led us to generate 80 basis point leverage of the entire SRS line, and we’re able to overcome the increase in incentives and temporarily labor, which are more variable. incentive, as Michael pointed out, is based on performance. temporary labor was around growth. As it relates to 2019, the actions that we’re taking as relates to the the account losses are what you would have expected, we’re gradually trying to manage our base benefit in tax. And unfortunately, when you have account losses like that, there’s going to be actions around people. We’re still servicing those clients as we work through the transition. But we wanted to make sure, we let the investment community know that we recognize there will be some pressure on our SRS lines with that revenue decline and we’ve got actions underway more to come when we release our first quarter on that specifics.
Frank Mergenthaler: Michael, we don’t have that information today. We’ll disclose more on the first quarter call. We’re still looking at the specifics, which are both people and real estate. So we’ll get more granularity on the first quarter call. We just want to rage out for new folks the general size of the charge we’re looking to take.
Frank Mergenthaler: I think that we’re very supportive of the AMS management team and their margins are very strong. And we’re looking for opportunities to drive incremental margin, but we haven’t changed anything materially how they run their business.
