Philippe Krakowsky: Jason, look, I think quarter-to-quarter, there’s a lot of sort of volatility at any given point in time. So you can have the impact in the case of MD&E in Q1, there was a very sharp ramp in headcount to keep up with growth that we saw last year. So I think looking at anything on a quarter-to-quarter basis there can obviously be a client win or not something we clearly look forward to, but the opposite. So I think that the macro trend is definitely the one that you want to focus on. So whether that’s an annual or clearly a multiyear trend. I think that you’re right to assume that you’re going to see higher growth in certain segments. You’re obviously going to see that the segments that have kind of embedded tech and data I think we also believe represent an opportunity from a margin perspective. But then I think what is heartening as well is you’ve heard us talk a lot about both how we go to market as an integrated company. And so what’s interesting is the segments reflect. There’s been such acceleration and there’s really the need to manage these businesses in a way that’s consistent with kind of the underlying dynamics of each segment. But when we go-to-market with a client, we bring all of this together. And so what I think that – and you’ve heard us talk about the fact that, for example, the Acxiom offering is increasingly helping to power through behavioral science, the way in which some of the advertising agencies go to clients with audience-led solutions and insights that actually inform the creative work. So we think it will help increase growth and it will definitely, as we incorporate more of that and more of the accountable solutions into the rest of the portfolio, there’s upside on both. It will help fuel growth elsewhere. And I think we definitely see opportunity on the margin side. Consistent with what you’re seeing there. So I can’t tell you that on a quarter-to-quarter basis, the ins and outs or to your point, there are comps at play on what we would sort of refer to as segment three on the SC&E segment. Clearly, that’s a segment that got meaningfully impacted by the pandemic. So 2020 to 2021 was improvement 2021 to 2022 is improvement. And we have underlying strong assets there, but there’s also a benefit to the comp in that segment. So I think it’s a fair question, but yes.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I mean, I think there are a lot of moving parts. So as we shared with you, we’ve recently come through a process that’s pretty much one we go through every year, but we spent time with all of our operators, and we’ve spent time with clients and our sense is that the tone of the business remains positive. The moving parts component into it is I think we’ve talked about the fact that the pandemic itself, there was that initial three to six months, which clearly had an impact, but then clients began to find their footing. And then they started to really lean into digital channels, and we started to see much more active discussions around implementing e-com, going through their own business transformation journeys. So I think as we’ve seen subsequent waves of the pandemic itself, they’ve really been less and less disruptive to marketing activity, right? And so you look at our trailing 12-month growth in the 14% to 15% range, you look at for us, a MAGNA forecast for 2022, and that’s directional. I mean as you know, it speaks to an adjacent industry, which at least reflects client investment. The way we trade in media, it’s not we’re clearly much more consultative in our approach to media. But all of those things say to you that the environment for the moment with the caveat that there are some uncertainties out there, is still very active. And then you get to what you said, which is that I think clients don’t want to step out of a complex process. So if you’ve got a client who has a 360 campaign where they are integrated in their approach and they’re thinking about all of the ways in which along the consumer journey. I’m going to need to understand who you are as an audience, figure out where and how to intersect with you. To pull out of that, it’s not something that you can necessarily easily restart. So with the larger national, multinational clients, I think that, that means that there continues to be commitment. And there is concern to your point, that if you pull back you see ground. And so if that means somebody else jumps the line and gets into that conversation or if that means that you begin to lose share at a time when, obviously, you want to in essence, use the leverage that your brand and your position in the marketplace provide to you to take price, right, to offset some of these pressures that you’re feeling that every business is feeling. So I can’t tell you – and again, we’ve got a very, very broad portfolio of clients. So the specifics of client category and geography and marketing mix are different each time out. But at the moment, we are definitely seeing that commitment to stay invested hold.
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean that’s such a broad-based question in that I’m not sure that an opinion about what might or might not be impacting all of them. So could it be what we’ve seen with iOS Absolutely. Could it be a dawning that you’re seeing consumers more focused on. I talked a bit about what we’ve done in Acxiom with extending CCPA to – I mean, we believe that in the long term, the idea that you invest behind having the benefits of data. The precision that it gives you the ability to be kind of much more accountable to what that investment is yielding. And yet to do it in a way that is much more sort of future-proofed and built for a world in which you’re not necessarily assuming this extremely asymmetrical relationship between the platform and the individual consumer. So I mean it could be that. It could be that they’re dealing with clients for whom brand safety and the responsible deployment of media is an issue. I mean it could clearly be that there’s probably some share shift going on over there. And you definitely at least one or two, I mean TikTok is clearly showing up and making a really big impact. And then you’ve got some nascent categories be it a sports betting, be it a crypto that I think are looking at the space with a much cleaner, with fewer preconceived notions. So they might be much more democratic in their use of digital media, right? So that’s the question that I think you were asking at least in part. The question about us and the agency space, I think it’s the same thesis that we’ve had for some time, right? So the thesis has been, the complexity is going to continue to increase. So the ways in which fragmentation is both potentially there’s a challenge there as a marketer, there’s also an opportunity there as a marketer. Then there is the get more digital in the way in which you engage. So put more time and thought and then ultimately invest more money behind those kinds of channels and then ultimately kind of build one-to-one connections and relationships with individuals. And you do that with kind of the right both marketing technology suite and skill sets and then definitively with the right data infrastructure. So I mean, we see that all of what’s going on in the space that you noted is being, at least, I don’t know if they’re being disrupted, they’re clearly going through some changes. We see that as continued opportunity because clearly, marketers are saying, okay, what do we do about that? What are the implications of that? How do we make sure we’re making the right decisions? And we’re well positioned to help them as their adviser as a consultant who shows up and is able to help them with those kinds of opportunities and challenges.
Philippe Krakowsky: So the initial question is a great question. And I think to my mind, it’s definitely a place I would like to see us go. I mean I think it is factored into the planning and the thinking around here because as you say, the client universe that has been able to work with us has been significant, but ultimately reach limits. If and as we build more services that have a technology layer or component capabilities that you can, in essence, plug in off the shelf, whether that’s dashboards, whether that’s kind of IP that you can license from us so that you can then do a certain kind of analytic work or a certain kind of segmentation work or put data to work in midsized businesses, that’s definitely a place we want to go. I don’t know that, I can tell you that we’ve sort that out to the point where it will go from our current 5,000 clients to two times that or three times that. I think it’s sort of too early to it’s sort of premature to put that out there. But I think that what you suggest about how these capabilities and the way these capabilities are delivered do mean that we can sort of think about an addressable market and think about a middle market of clients with whom we can engage is absolutely consistent with kind of our thinking. And then I’ll pass things over to Ellen for the interesting question on the CFO side of things.
Philippe Krakowsky: That’s a question that I’m trying to sort of pull it apart as because to your point, it pulls in so much of what we’ve been talking about earlier. So I think larger clients clearly have a number of benefits. So to your point, the complexity of the work they do, the fact that they’ve got the full range of capabilities at their disposal. And then the fact that if they’ve invested in and many of them are further along that curve than others, but to the extent that they are thinking about and working to sort of incorporate more of the digital channels that intersect with consumers. The digital channels or the sort of ways to do D2C, whether that’s in the e-comm space or whether that’s through ad tech. So clearly, I do think that you’re right that at this point, they do have an advantage. It’s difficult for me to say whether or not – I don’t think it disqualifies. I mean we see a lot of well-funded, sophisticated D2C companies that are young companies coming into market, and they’re looking to us for services once they get to a certain point in their maturation process, but it’s still fairly early on for them, right? And then when I think about health care, which as you know, is a big part of our mix. And really what we continue to see is a very robust area with some real promise. We work with the majors. We work with the vast majority of the really large players in that space. But we’re also bringing a lot of biotech companies into the fold, right? So when we win, we’re looking for a balanced mix. So I would say, yes, what you say definitely holds true. Do we have a perfect lens to that? No, because our client Roster does skew pretty heavily to the folks that you pointed out likely or advantaged. But there are definitely a lot of new entrants into the space who show up with a pretty sophisticated view and the ability to take on board a pretty broad range of our services and put them to use.
Philippe Krakowsky: And I understand that, I guess, yes, we are at the hour. Look, again, we appreciate the time. We appreciate the continued support. We will get back to it. I don’t know if I can do perfection again even anytime the next week, but thanks for that. But as I said, look, the focus on execution here is very clear. And as always, we’ll keep you posted, and we look forward to our next conversation.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Thank you for the question. As Philippe mentioned, we just finished a bottoms-up process of meeting with all the operators. So our outlook reflects that, both on the revised up in growth and the maintain of the margin. It is 16.6% margin. If you look at the progress we’ve made over the last several years is pretty substantial, and we think will be a great result. As we said earlier this year, there’s just a lot of ins and outs coming out of the period of time that we just did.
Ellen Johnson: Yes. So our financial community, yes, it’s CFOs, but it’s broader than that, too. And it’s really a team sport, if I can use that analogy. And it’s not different now, but we always do talk and communicate and stay very close to our operators to make sure that we are very close to what’s happening in the business and on the clients. So it’s continuous. And this year is no different than the previous years. It’s just the way we do things. And we’re constantly speaking. We get together as a community; regularly share ideas, best practices and information.
Ellen Johnson: And as far as FX, in general, our revenue and expenses are very well matched by currency. So impact on margin is de minimis from FX changes.
