Philippe Krakowsky: I think, it's the shifting. I think it's just -- as I said, it's being prepared and having both line of sight into, how you're going to prioritize and where you're going to invest in order to drive performance. Given the macro, I think that on the project side it is -- I think it's a fourth quarter comment more than anything else. I think, what you are seeing is that it's wanting to retain some optionality. So my sense I think is that, we won't necessarily have clarity or full commitment on some of those projects until a bit deeper into the quarter than we usually would. And so, yes, I don't think we're talking about something that is -- it's a long-term trend. It's just a function of the current uncertainty.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I think it's everything that you said, and it really depends on where in our world we're having the discussion, right? But, it's -- flexibility is a very big part of it at this point. And then, understanding the implications of the decisions you make and ultimately as I said, if it's a client where we're the adviser and the consultant on the media side of things then it does focus on where and how they're going to redeploy. If it's an Open Architecture client where we're working with them in a really broad macro sense then we might dial up certain capabilities knowing that we're heading into this moment in time. So, it's very kind of case dependent. And within some client categories are feeling it to a greater degree than others. I mean, I'd sort of point out that where the macro is impacting is, clients who are particularly exposed to the changes that we're seeing. So, if high interest rates impact your business, if commodity input costs impact your business then you're thinking this through. So there isn't one answer, but I think it's around that set of conversations just making the most informed decisions and getting the mix between brand and performance and up and down the funnel, and actually linking those two increasingly and keeping some optionality, as I said earlier.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. I mean in health, I'd sort of point out a couple of things. So, we're fortunate in that, we are very, very well represented among the largest players in the space. IPG Health clearly is - been a focus by the nature of what we've just done a year ago and how we've put that together. But it's been a long-term investment that has led to that growth for us, right? And then, there are trends -- underlying trends that are clearly tailwinds to all of that. We have some biotech, but we've got a very balanced portfolio. I'd say that specific to biotech have we seen the market dislocation have some impact on funding there? Sure. But is that something that's having a significant impact from where we sit given the breadth of what we do? Not really. And then beyond IPG Health, there's sizable health business inside of Mediabrands, inside of marketing services, PR is very strong in that regard DXTRA Health, where we're bringing a lot of the marketing services agencies together. So that continues to feel to us like it's an area that's going to be pretty resilient.
Philippe Krakowsky: The impact definitely is not only disparate when you think about client sectors but you can see it in our results where we've got a really strong LatAm, Asia Pac, other markets, although everything does grow, every region was up. So there isn't a holistic answer that tells you what happens in each of those markets. Although clearly economically you have to assume that that's a region that's going to be heading into something before the rest of the world or maybe heading into something that other parts of the world don't experience. On the cost side we are very clear and we've been really consistent as to all of the ways in, which we can address those issues. So, whether you think about the fact that the model is flexible and that's clearly beneficial. Whether you think about the fact that you do approach some of those markets with the understanding that the underlying -- the ways in which you bring people on, and the ways in which you think about staffing are different in those markets just based on the local laws. And so we're very, very focused and disciplined around open reqs as we see change or more uncertainty in the macro and that's consistent across the board anywhere we operate. We look very hard at discretionary expenses. And clearly some of that has come back into the business in a way that I think is beneficial, because travel has meant seeing clients and getting together with colleagues. And some of those costs have also been around teams being together, which is important as we develop new capabilities. So we'll look at those. Freelance is another place we'll look. Our incentive plan by its nature is going to be a governor on some of that. But it definitely has our attention and it's just going to require execution. So there isn't a one size fits all, but Europe is definitely an area of focus for us.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. And I think commerce is an interesting one. I mean, you said software and obviously there's a technology layer at Acxiom, and then there's what we're doing with data and tech with media. So it's not by any means the only place where we've got businesses that are services plus a service -- a software layer of some kind. But on commerce I guess, I mean just breaking it down there's D2C part where clients need our help with everything from the design of a site, the build of a site, the content creation, the CRM piece and then business processes, because you often really have all the way down to payment transactional stuff. And for us the leader in that space has been MRM. So they excel in those areas. And so to our mind RafterOne meaningfully bolsters that offering. Then there's the marketplace side and so that's where we optimize media. We do SEO. We leverage social commerce and you're doing a lot of message amplification and you're finding places where you intersect with the consumer. And then that for us sits inside of Reprise Commerce. So that's a big part of the story for us there. So those are two sizable places where we've housed a lot of that capability. And it all comes together on this umbrella of IPG Commerce. And then what we do is we activate a company like ChaseDesign for in-store campaigns, or as you said a momentum for promotions and activations. But we also have specialist agencies and influencer management. For example, you have paid placements. And another big piece of it is going to be retail media. And so we're very active. You saw MAGNA put out a -- how big is this? How big is it going to get? And I think it's net going to be a growth area for brands and therefore for people who provide advisory services. So we kind of draw that from a number of our agencies. And then that's kind of the martech side of it. But when you follow the consumer along the purchase journey and you're going awareness purchase, but you're also going loyalty lifetime customer value then you wanted to play into Acxiom and the data that's there and you want to decide where and how you get martech and ad tech working together. So that's why I said we see it as a really big opportunity for us. And then on the experiential piece, when the pandemic hit, we scoped that for you all to say circa maybe a little bit shy of 5% of our revenue. And the world closed. So that was clearly a very difficult time for them. But we see that as something that is a differentiator for us collectively those assets. And the question for us is to get them more focused on where clients are going which is ROI and accountability and the digital component building out digital into -- and with those organizations, we think is going to make the nature of what they do more precise and more accountable. It's also a really interesting place to talk to clients about using all of that activity as a way to onboard first-party data about your customers in a way that's very, very transparent and therefore very, very compliant. So we do think that that's an area where there's the opportunity for growth for us.
Philippe Krakowsky: The bigger question, as I said in the prepared comments, it is a conversation that's ongoing with the vast majority of our clients. There is an understanding and an acknowledgment that there's a meaningful benefit to staying the course. We don't break this out for you, but our top 20 -- or say our top 40 clients have been growing consistent with the overall growth of the company, although there are lots of ins and outs, because as I said if you've got certain factors that are impacting your business or your business model disproportionately. And it's interesting because even supply chain we were talking about at the very beginning of the year with all of you and we said we don't see it -- we don't think it's in the conversations with clients. It might be later in the year and there are one or two categories where it's come into the conversation with clients. So I do believe that clients understand it and so it will be a function of where they sit, if their company has the wherewithal to move through the period and stay invested. And then the other thing that we've also talked about is the tools available to clients and the ways in which we and some of our competitors have capabilities that can move much further down into the funnel or can do -- as the question earlier alluded to can do work that connect brand and performance. So it really is dependent on how significant a downturn would we be looking at and whether people are in a position to do something that they know will benefit them in the long-term or whether they might have to take some action -- kind of corrective action to get through a period that might be more challenging for them.
Philippe Krakowsky: I'm not sure that I can quantitatively assess. I mean I can point to some of the things we've been talking about. Health care likely a place that is more resilient, e-commerce and areas where you have line of sight to ROI and much more either clarity on that or ability to go directly to the consumer. I think those feel like they're going to be areas that are going to be less cyclical. Acxiom as you said, if you think about the fact that two-thirds of their revenue is long-term fixed fee contracts. And so those are all areas which we believe will stand up better when 2020 hit areas where we had a more consultative business model areas where we had more clarity around accountability and outcomes which also includes our media business. All of those fared better. And it's a big diversified portfolio. So -- that does mean to your point that you wouldn't, I think be looking at what we saw in 2008, 2009 independent of whatever, 2020 was which to your point is sort of super anomalous and still kind of having impacts all through …
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, I mean that's a place where there have been times when folks in our sector said our digital revenue is x-percent, y-percent. And our point of view on that was always that it's so embedded into everything we do, because we try to go to market when we engage with clients with something that's integrated and something that solves for them and is right for their business that we then don't spend the time trying to unpick it. And so I can't give you a kind of a GAAP-compliant measure that gives you that number. But it is a substantial part of our business, but our deal is that's what drives growth. So if our organic growth is strong then you've got to assume that all of those things are a pretty big chunk of what we do.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you. I think we are out of time. So thanks again all for your time and interest. We are back at it. And we look forward to sharing with you how we can close the year.
Ellen Johnson: Good morning Thank you for the question. We believe in our equity before the sell-off. So -- but we are very disciplined. We have a program that we execute against. We actively manage it, but it's a program. And so, I think we'll stick with it, but definitely believe in the value of our shares.
Ellen Johnson: So I will start and thank you for the question. Good morning. Yes. As someone pointed out earlier, we do have a very strong balance sheet and lots of liquidity and we do sit with cash. We actively manage our cash maximizing interest income. We also have a very nice maturity profile with all fixed rate debt. So yes, I do believe it's a benefit. We can follow back up with you with some quantification, but it's something that all items on our balance sheet and liquidity we put a lot of time and energy and manage it very carefully.
Ellen Johnson: Hi, Craig. Sure. If revenues were flat given that scenario it clearly would be our objective to be able to maintain our margins. The things that I would point to that give us line of sight is we're an experienced managed team that has navigated together through many economic environments. As Philippe has pointed out we have a flexible cost structure right between open reqs attrition temp help and incentive comp which vary closely with performance. All those things will help. And then ultimately it will depend upon the revenue mix the cost of that right? But it's something that it would clearly be in our objective and we think we have line of sight to.
