Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional detail, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of our business, to be followed by our Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of solid revenue and profit increases. Our third quarter organic revenue growth was 4.3%, on top of a very strong 7.1% in Q3 '15. Acquisitions had a positive impact of 40 basis-points, while FX was a negative 1.7%. As a result, total revenue growth was 3%. We continue to see positive momentum in the quarter from a broad range of our creative, marketing services and media offerings. Our digital capabilities also continue to be very significant drivers of growth for us. As you remember, as of some years ago, we committed to organic rebuilding digital talent and expertise within every agency across our organization, so as to effectively migrate to new competencies and serve the evolving needs of marketers. Our results demonstrate that this strategy continues to pay-off. In terms of geography, we grew organically in every world region with the exception of Asia-Pac. Our international organic growth was 8.1%, driven by Continental Europe, the UK and LatAm. U.S. organic growth was 1.8 % for the three months, against extremely strong comparables in the quarter with two consecutive years. Globally, we continue to see growth from nearly every client industry, and were led by the tech and telecom and food and beverage sectors. Turning to Q3 operating expenses and margins, operating expenses increased 2.5% compared with recorded revenue growth of 3%. And as a result, operating margin expanded 50 basis-points from last year’s third quarter to 10.8%, reflecting leverage on our salaries and related expenses. For the first nine months of the year, organic growth was 4.8%. This is very well balanced with 4.8% growth in the U.S. and 4.9% internationally. It’s worth noting that the charge in pass-through services added 90 basis-points to our organic growth in the quarter, and added 10 basis-points through nine months. Operating profit year-to-date is up 9%, and operating margin in the same period expanded 40 basis-points, reaching a level of 11.7% for the trailing 12 month period, which is the highest level our Company has achieved in well over a decade. Adjusted diluted EPS was $0.64 this year through the third quarter compared to $0.55 in 2015, an increase of 16%. Turning to our update on share repurchases, during Q3, we use $81 million to repurchase 3.5 million shares. Year-to-date, we utilized approximately $193 million, repurchasing 8.5 million common shares. Since instituting our return of capital programs in 2011, we've returned $2.9 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, as well as reduced our diluted share count by 27%. At the end of the third quarter, we had $265 million remaining on our current authorization. Overall, our performance continues to underscore the strong competitive position of our agencies, around the world and across the full spectrum of advertising and marketing disciplines. The strength and growth of digital activity is also notable. We continue to manage expenses effectively in order to deliver on our margin objectives, which has been a key priority for us. As we head into our always important fourth quarter, economic and political conditions continue to present macro uncertainties. Nonetheless, the overall tone of business remained solid. We’ve also posted another good year in new business front. And while the tailwinds from recent wins were relatively slight this past quarter due to timing, we expect the impact to be more evident in Q4. We had previously increased our full-year 2016 organic growth target to the high end of 3% to 4% range that we shared with you coming in to the year. In light of the strength of our offerings and our strong organic revenue performance through nine months, we believe it's appropriate to raise our organic growth target to a range of 4% to 5%. Given the higher levels of profit contributions, we have historically seen on our growth in the fourth quarter, we continue to feel that we remain well positioned to achieve 50 basis-points or more of operating margin expansion for the full-year 2016. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for additional details of our results, and join you after his remarks for an update on our operating units to be followed by Q&A. Frank.
Michael Roth: Let me just say, for the nine months, our growth was 4.8% in the U.S., which still is a solid performance, given where our forecast for the full year and what the industry is saying in terms of the macro growth of our industry. And, yes, you’ve pointed out correctly that in the third quarter we were a little bit light in the U.S. compared to what we’ve been delivering. We’ve grown organically 15% in the last two years in the U.S. And obviously as we grow it gets a little more difficult. That said, the tailwinds that we referred to, we’ve indicated we were light in the third quarter, coming-in in the fourth quarter. I can’t say -- again it’s a function of the fourth quarter a lot of our revenue comes in, a lot of our operating margin comes-in in the fourth quarter. I’d like to tell you that all of that tailwind comes-in at the U.S., and we’re back to levels of organic growth that you’ve seen. But I can’t say that. We do think there’ll be improvement in the U.S. in the fourth quarter. But I think the healthcare item that Frank pointed out. We had a tough comp in the healthcare side, and we did have a little bit slowing down, in particular, in one of our agencies, in terms of healthcare and that contributed to it. But again, I’m very comfortable with the performance we have in the U.S. It continues to be a key driver for us going forward. What I like about our U.S. performance for the year is that it's across all of our agencies. We see MullenLowe. We see McCann, Mediabrand, CMG, our independent agencies. All of our agencies are strong in the U.S. And I believe we will continue to see improvement in those markets.
Michael Roth: Yes, let me focus on the UK. I don’t believe we have it. It was a one big event and we saw that at Jack Morton. And but other than that, we still had a solid performance in the UK of 4.8% growth in the UK. I think that's the right number. So we’re still pleased. We continue to have strong offerings across the CMG portfolio, as well as our agencies in the UK. So we're pleased. The R/GA, in particular, is very strong in the UK. Management is there and the offerings we see in R/GA is particularly strong and growing nicely. So we don’t -- and as far as Brexit goes, as we said, we haven’t seen any impacts on Brexit yet. Obviously, sometimes down the around, we’ll see some impact where we haven’t seen it. Continental Europe is the different story in that. As you know it's 8% of our revenue, at least for the nine months. And new wins and clients spend in that particular region has a nice effect, which is what you’ve seen in this quarter with the results for Continental Europe. We set for on a full year basis, we've always said we'd see 1% up or 1% down. It's encouraging that we're seeing that improvement. We saw a good flow through in terms of new business at McCann as well as Mediabrands, as they on-boarded some new client wins that we had in those markets, particularly in Germany and Spain. So, we're excited to see some improvement in the Continental Europe. Again, we’re not raising a flag of total victory in Continental Europe. They still have many challenges. But our client mix, if you will, is producing those kind of results.
Michael Roth: And let me just quickly on the pass-through. In terms of margin, it was -- the effect in the margin was only 10 basis-points this quarter, if you will. And for the full year, we expect that to be neutral. It would does stand out if you will. And I think what you are referring to is last year in the fourth quarter. We did have an impact on margins that was higher than that. But we don’t see that in the fourth quarter. As far as the timing goes, we did see and as we said the tailwinds was not as robust in the third quarter. And we will see that tailwind coming-in in the fourth quarter. But it's not all U.S. And so, I wish I could tell you that all of it was U.S. and we backup in terms of the high numbers for U.S. But the good news is we do have the tailwinds. They will hit us in the fourth quarter. But I couldn’t tell you that the majority of that in pass- through was coming in the U.S. And that's how I responded before to the question.
Michael Roth: No, we haven’t seen it. In fact first of all from a business perspective we don’t play in that arena, so it didn’t affect us. It did affect us a bit on the media side because we have to place local media, and obviously that was being crowded out by elections. So, we have to find new ways of reaching consumers in those markets we’re more efficient. That helps us to bit, okay in terms of consulting with our clients. But we haven’t seen a big political impact. As far as the tone of business, particularly in Europe, I think they are nervous. But I can't particularly point to a particular client pullback as a result it. I think they are watching this very carefully. And frankly they should be concerned about it. But I think we will be okay and our clients are very sophisticated in terms of where they allocate their dollars, and the tones of business. And we are rightly with them focusing on that. But I have not seen as much of a dramatic impact that some of our competitor said on the call. And I think the U.S. issue that showed up frankly so far in all three of our results indicate that a lot of this is client and sector specific, and we’re seeing that. But I continue to believe that 61% of our business is in the U.S., and I like that positioning right now given the terms of business.
Michael Roth: Yes, I have said this before. And if I didn’t believe this we would have changed our strategy. Conversations with our clients and the pictures that we’ve been involved in, although I can't say specifically it was the reason that we either win businesses or not, our transparency reputation and the fact that we are media agnostic makes a difference with our clients. And the more you see in the price about questions on that, the more it becomes relevant in our conversations. And yes I do believe it enhances our opportunity to expand our media offerings. And I think, as I said, I think, rather than us changing to what our competitors are doing, I think, we are going to see a slowing down of that on the other side. Because I think clients deserves the transparency that we give them, and I think they are entitled to realize and know where their profitability is coming at their expense. And I think that’s the right way to approach this environment.
Michael Roth: Yes, that’s a fair question Peter. We had said before. We didn’t see a big impact on the Olympics. We did have some. Obviously, our marketing services businesses, Octagon and Jack Morton, obviously, had some events in the Olympics which affected our results, not materially. But no, actually that’s real growth which is what you were kind in your question. We did on-boarded some new clients in Latin America in terms of LatAm Airways and Bradesco. And we see some client spend increasing there. So that’s what you’re seeing the reason for our growth in Brazil. So it's client specific. It’s on-boarding. And frankly what I like about it across the regions in Latin America, it’s not all Brazil. We’re seeing strengths in the other market. We’re seeing our digital offerings do very well in South America. R/GA and HUGE are doing very well down there, because the digital environment is right for growth. And frankly, we use those markets for production facilities, given the talent base that we have in Latin America and the effect in this that we’ve been able to utilize that talent on a worldwide basis. R/GA, in particular, as well as HUGE use that as a base to service global clients, if you will, in the connected world, as I’ll quote, Bob Greenberg. And we’re seeing that come to fruition using those resources in Latin America.
Michael Roth: Well, I appreciate your question. Right now, we’re really focused and getting through 2016. We haven’t started our 2017 forecasting models yet in terms of our business reviews. I think the only way to look at this is that 61% of our business continues to be in the U.S. The tone of the business is solid. If you look at MAGNA, in terms of their forecast of U.S. advertising, roughly 4% is the growth expectations. I think, if you use that as a guideline, we should be plus or minus that. And we’ll talk to you more about 2017 when we give you our full results for 2016.
Michael Roth: Yes, I had said, I don’t think 2016 was going to be as manic as 2015. And I think that was true, except for certain Holding Companies had particular items in review. Fortunately, that wasn’t us. And I do think that whole spectrum of transparency raises legitimate questions for clients to look at their service providers. We’re doing very strong and effective communication with our clients in terms of our transparency. Frankly, some of our clients have audits out there in terms of what we’re doing. And fortunately, we’re coming through those audits pretty well. That's good. And I think from a tone point of view, clients will continue to look at this. Whether it gives rise to pictures and reviews, I can’t say. But I would expect we’ll see a fair amount of reviews coming into ’17. And that's at least of which is these goals and cycles and we are heading into what third of a third year of cycles and clients as three year contracts. And has an order of business practices they put a number of their businesses in review every two or three years. So I expect to see, I would call that normal. It's not normal way it used to be, but it seems to be normal what's happening in our industry.
Michael Roth: Look analytics data and analytics is a fortune product. We historically -- we’ve done strategic acquisitions. We see most of our growth coming organically, for example, in Cadreon we’ve seen -- we’ve expanded it internationally. We've coordinated their offerings among all resources and agencies within U.S. and we will continue to do that. So I think the bulk of the growth will come organically. However, we are looking at strategic acquisitions in that space. We also are looking at a more coordinated basis in terms of our data base, if you will, in terms of the DMP. And that will be a key focus for us in 2017. To make sure that all the agencies within IPG have a consistent offerings and utilizing the unique capabilities we have at Mediabrands, I see that as an important growth vehicle for us. Clients are looking for it. That's the area where we're seeing a lot of competitors, if you will, trying to get have in-roads in our clients. So that's when I talk about investments and data analytics, and we’re going to be stepping up our efforts in those parts. And frankly if we don’t have it organically and we don’t have those capabilities internally, we will look to add-on. So, look, with Mediabrands we added two very nice agencies this past year; one in the SCO space; and one is the mobile space. Those are growth vehicles for us. Mobile clearly it's going to be a key driver for business going forward. Our Ansible offering we have consolidated a number of businesses with the new acquisitions to make sure that we are fully integrated mobile offering across our various brands. So this is the value of the holding company across all of our networks. And we continue to focus our Mediabrands as a key source of providing those unique competencies utilizing these data.
Michael Roth: We’ve got an hour and half, Frank. Let me start. 10 years ago we started open architecture. And it was our belief that clients -- in a client centric environment that we should be focusing on the needs of clients, not our particular silos. And when we look at open architecture the issue is do we in essence mould all of our agencies together and say bye away, here is our best people, and irrespective for the silos. Obviously, there’re conflict issues. There’re cultural issues. There’re different go-to-market strategies. And frankly that serves us well in the marketplace. We don’t believe that we need to restructure our entire Company to make open architecture work. We’ve been doing open architecture for 10 years. And frankly some of our most profitable and growing clients utilize an open architecture model. And the reason it works is because we have made it part of DNA of our organization. People within the quote silos know that if they don’t have the capabilities within their agencies they could raise their hand and we can bring in an expertise that we’ll work closely with them on a collaborative basis and meet the needs of our clients. You don’t need to restructure entire company to do that. And the reason we are comfortable with that is we hold our agencies responsible for collaborative work. So, when we do compensation and incentive compensation, we look at the degree of open architecture and collaboration. And on many of engagements, there are multiple agencies serving one client. And they don’t have to worry about whose silos it belongs, because frankly we do that. We work closely with the agencies and we determine what the proper allocation. Clients shouldn’t be involved in it. We think that the better way of doing this, because when you have one single purpose of agency doing this, we have number of those. But most of the time, when you have a single purpose agencies, it's harder to recruit talent. It's harder to keep talent. It's harder to get a sustainability of the quality of the people within those agencies. And open architecture is serving us very well. We get the highest grades of our reviews when we have open architecture model. Because the clients realize that we’re putting them to first. And by the way, our definition of open architecture includes third-party providers. So, if our clients come to us and say we like it work with X, Y, Z, in addition to your resources, sometimes we work better with third parties, unfortunately, than our own. But that’s part of the model, if you collaborate everyone and put them all into one silo, you will never get that. So I think the notion of providing all the resources IPG has to the client is the correct one, which is why frankly we started it 10 years ago. But I don’t believe you have to restructure the company to do that. You lose a lot of the culture. You lose a lot of the accountability. And you lose the focus that our core agencies have within those particular agencies.
Michael Roth: No, of course now. We saw in the first year, we came in. We got rid of 50 agencies all over the world. I’ve said this. We’ve got rid of Uzbekistan. We didn’t need agencies in those markets, and because the world doesn’t operate that way anymore. So, yes, we constantly are looking at that and ensure that disposition that we’ve made are consistent with getting rid of non-producing agencies that don’t cost -- that are costing us money and aren’t adding any value. So that’s what we’ve being doing. On the question of Cadreon and Mediabrands and whether we’re centralizing, it doesn’t make sense to invest all of that money in one particular offering, and not have it available for all of the other agencies. When I first came to this business, I used to walk around, travel to our different agencies, and they would all wheel out what they believed is best-in-class to offering, in particular, on the media side. And we were spending a lot of money and a lot of things that we didn’t have to duplicate, it’s everyone we’re able to raise their hand and work closely with the competencies. For example, Mediabrands, whether the UM initiatives or Mediabrand as a holding company, if you will, of media. And I think that’s the right way to do it. And we’ve done a traffic job on that. For example, if you look at MullenLowe and Mediabrands and MediaHub and MullenLowe working with Mediabrands on the Western Union pitch. I mean that was a great example of competencies within an agency, as well as tapping into particular resources we have in Mediabrands. The same thing is Harley-Davidson. The same thing in all of our open architecture wins. So, I think that is the most efficient way use our expertise, and the most efficient way to meet the needs of our clients. And more and more of our agencies are realizing that as if can do it that way, they get a better offering and it’s much more efficient and clients realized that they’re looking out for their behalf instead of their own silo.
Michael Roth: Yes, let me just add one other point to that, Barry. New clients tend to have less margin than more mature clients, and that's a fact in our business. And so what -- I'm tampering a little bit the expectation frankly that as we on-board all this new business that we have, it's coming in at very high margins. And the margin number of expectation should be a lot higher than, frankly, as this business matures as we go through it. That said, we do have some revenue coming-in in the fourth quarter that we've already incurred a significant amount of expenses. And obviously that revenue comes with a higher margin. So, this is not an exact science. The timing of how we get our revenue and how our expenses is fluid, if you will because we have to manage to make sure we have the right people on-boarding new, as Frank said. But we also have to realize that expectations of new clients takes a period of time for it to mature, it just doesn’t happen overnight. Which is why, even when we started the year, everyone said well, why are you being so conservative in terms of your organic growth and margin. And the answer to that is staffing and on-boarding new clients and macroeconomics are all coming into play at one-time, is a tricky thing to model. And that's why we like to look at this on a full-year basis as opposed to quarter-to-quarter. So, we manage it as best as we can. But if 50% of our margin comes-in in the fourth quarter, we can't, with a high degree of accuracy, tell exactly where that's going to come.
Michael Roth: Yes, those are two great questions. Shopper marketing, it's important to FCB to have a great competency in it. I would say it's not big overall. I wouldn’t say it’s a major part of our business as a IPG as a whole. That said, opportunities for those agencies that operate on a very effective basis and we will continue to invest behind when we see opportunities. But I wouldn’t call it out as one of the major growth vehicles around the world, if you will. But it is very important to FCB and they do a great job at it. In fact, that’s one of the agencies we pull out when we have RFPs that call for shopper marketing expertise, because they do it so well. The more broader question on the convergence is really how we have to look at the transformation of our industry. I do believe we are seeing new competitors entering our business. And they are bringing with them CRM expertise. They are basically system integrators. And because they are already in our clients, they view it as an opportunity to bring in CRM expertise, as well as creative. Which is another reason why I think what we compete against those, the fact that we have standalone agencies with strong creative talent, it's very hard for these other parties to compete against what McCann or in FCB, or MullenLowe or our independent agencies, the firepower we can bring in on creative work. There is no way that there new competitor, if you will, could compete with that. And then the results show that, even though these outliers are coming into our business, are trying get there. I think if you look across all the holding companies which have been pretty successful when it comes to those integrated offerings that we provide versus what they are providing. That said, we have to watch it very carefully. And clearly, they are going to be coming out pretty strongly. So we have to be well suited. And I believe the open architecture integrated offering is a very compelling argument against them trying to get into our business.
Michael Roth: Thank you. Operator, thank you. We’ll conclude the call now. Thank you all very much for participating. We look forward to giving you the results for the full year.
