Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. And I will take the one you gave me and then a little bit of the one that you sent to Ellen, if I may. I don't know that we can quantify the tailwinds for ‘24, because we're not through to the end of the year. So we're clearly from a net new business perspective, as we sit here this year, positive. And there are still a few fairly sizable opportunities out there for us to go get. But we do think that we'll be heading into ‘24 with the benefits of the wins from this year. And then unfortunately some of the benefits of the fact that there's been a little bit of a slowdown in terms of onboarding them. But I don't think we can give you a quantified number for that quite yet. And then I think that, you know, as I mentioned in passing when you think about third quarter there was an expectation on our part that on just the kind of work that you pick up. Course of business, not the sizeable opportunities out there, that isn't converting at the rate at which we're used to seeing. So that's something we're just going to have to monitor through the end of the year, so that we can then give you line of sight into how we are going into ‘24. And then I'll hand over to Ellen, but I'll obviously point out that when there's growth, we do grow margins. So as we return to growth, I'm not sure that the cost question should be a concern.
Philippe Krakowsky: I'll take them in reverse order if I may. So health, as you know, a very, very strong performer for us over a long period of time. So I think it was a period in which it was probably 14% or 15% of our overall revenue and it's now likely twice that. And long-term we see it as a sector that still sets up wealth or growth. So that's a strength in terms of our asset and business mix. What it didn't do this quarter is what I was actually just referring to in Adrien’s question, which is some of the TBG conversion in the non-high profile opportunities was not at the rate at which we expect from them. And yet, as we look at fourth quarter and what has been brought in, we think it will get back to the levels that we see from a strong performer in the group. And in terms of healthcare, anything else, I guess there were one or two, but you know it's a course of business where you have a drug that you know has a lot of expectancy attached to it where there is going to be a meaningful budget where it fails late in an approval process, but that's something we do factor in. We did happen to see one or two of those in the quarter. Now relative to your first question, I do think it bears going into a bit more detail. So how I would frame it up for you is this. The comment is specific to parts of the portfolio that have been underperforming and have been taxing overall performance this year. And if you think about the long-term history of those digital specialty assets, it's one where they've successfully gone through cycles of transformation every four or five years. So as we head into the year to us that meant there was a reason to be supportive as they look to make the necessary adaptation. But sitting where we are now, if you look at the weighting to technology clients that they have, and then the speed of change in the operating environment, this has made it an especially difficult time both for what they do and for them to essentially reboot or reinvest. And then when it comes to tech specifically, I don't know that any of us have seen it retrench to the degree we've experienced or for this prolonged a period of time. So we clearly have to ramp up the urgency on this front and be open to a broader range of solutions. And of course, those are conversations that involve the leaders of those operations as you would expect and that are ongoing. It's not something that we're in a position where I can say to you right now, here's what we're going to do or not. But if you wanted sort of a broad guideline. If you look at our strongest performers across the portfolio, so the framework for what success should look like, and I think that could be helpful, whether it's healthcare or media brands, you have a coordinated approach to how you go to market, you benefit from scale, you're looking for ways to share complementary skillsets and identify very clearly where the centers of excellence sit across multiple units. And I think it's all in the service of making it simpler for clients to engage with us. So I think that those are the guidelines for us. I think we're going to look to define a way forward in terms of putting something into effect with a number of those assets as we head into ‘24. So, I hope that frames it up for you David, but I mean I can't give you a definitive answer.
Philippe Krakowsky: On your first question, I think that across the industry over the last year or more, in fact, you've seen folks call out that the more "the traditional consumer advertising” portion of all of our businesses is under some stress as you put it. So within IAC, you've got our health care business, which we spoke about. You got FCB, which again, I think we did speak to how they've leaned into incorporating data and precision thinking, sort of, an audience-led approach and married it up to a very, very creative offering. And so for us, the rest of what is in that grouping is a McCann, which is on that same path. And then a group of kind of a portfolio of U.S. independent agencies where we do, again, I think, need to look a bit as sort of part of the answer that I shared with David around what does scale look like? How are we clear about centers of excellence? How do we get complementary skill sets working together? And what's a simpler way for clients to engage there and for us just to be kind of have a flying formation for that grouping? So I think IAC definitely needs -- not unique to us, right? As you called it out, that's a part of the business where I think everybody is thinking about what the right way to integrate that. When you take creativity and is part of an integrated offering, it's definitely much more powerful. And then on the AI question, it is an investment priority. It has been for some time, as I said to you, because whether it's inside of Mediabrands or at Acxiom, there's quite a bit we've been doing there and ways in which AI is going to make it possible for us to get more done for clients or work smarter and take a lot of processes we have. So from an efficiency point of view, it's clearly going to be a boon. But we also think it's going to open up opportunities to -- there's so much demand for content at this point, given how many channels there are and how complex the consumer journey is across this incredibly fragmented tech ecosystem that we still see opportunities to also have it be a revenue generator. So as I said, we've got a task force that has a handful of the top leaders from across the group. And that's probably going to then become something that gets leadership at the center here, and we prioritize investment that way.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I mean, we've got a terrific media offer to your point, and I think that's been clear, both in what we keep saying about the performance there and the new business performance year-to-date if you sort of consider major pitches from GEICO at the early part of the year all the way through General Mills, which was yesterday. That said, I will -- I think you're clear you have a point of view, and it could very well be that we are missing out an additional source of growth there, right? So I think the question's come up before. It's a very valid question. And we clearly have to be open to exploring every avenue for delivering value to our clients. And that includes our trading model, by which I mean how we buy media on their behalf, right? So clients value product and results. We're very strong in that regard. They also value efficiency, and we have to deliver on both sides of that equation on both fronts. So I think that like you said, it's been a conversation we've had on a call like this one and then just when we've met independent of this. And we're looking very hard at our model within the media component of this for that reason because you're right. I mean, there's no upside in leaving growth on the table.
Philippe Krakowsky: All right. Let me unpack that because I think most of the pieces are out there to your point. So the tech, telco and the specific entities within our world that, as I said, are taxing our performance is not new news. Over the normal course of business, there's always revenue to be generated. And I think your budget, your existing book and then that TBG and the operators are accountable for both creating those opportunities and converting those opportunities with existing clients, as well as winning ones with new clients. And I think that the incremental drag in Q3 was really there and to a much lesser extent, that some of the larger new business did not ramp at the pace that we anticipated. I'd sort of say that we don't like to see the delta, because we've obviously been on the other side of that for some time. But I don't see that the delta to our key competitors has changed over the course of this year. And so there is some of what's been on this call, which is things we talked about, what I just mentioned to you and then potentially the question Michael asked around media, a client mix question or perhaps to some degree, asset mix positive to us over time. Now clearly, there's one competitor who, credit to them, is benefiting from asset mix. But I don't know that there's anything even outside of those that gets me to a dramatically different perspective.
Philippe Krakowsky: I think on the large headline wins, that's the onboarding of those at a modestly lower -- a slower pace is not the key driver. It's what Steven was just asking about around, I think that it's the TBG conversion that I would really point to in Q3. And then in terms of scale, I think we've got quite a few. I mean, so from GEICO at the -- I think General Mills is at the scale of a GEICO. Bristol-Myers Squibb is maybe modestly smaller than that. Constellation Brands is sizable. They do cluster into the media sector. And then Pfizer is very large and is probably different in that clearly, it was integrated across creative, the health and medical communications and expertise in public relations. And some are global one like that or General Mills, whereas a GEICO or a -- I mean, a Constellation Brands, domestic. But I do think that, as I said, it's not the scale. We have one of the larger wins that is onboarding a bit more slowly than anticipated. But broadly speaking, it's TBG conversion.
Philippe Krakowsky: I mean, Ellen can -- at some point, we can break down for you kind of given as she said, it's a lot of businesses inside a business, and a lot of them are project businesses. So where we drive new business is still significantly in the day-to-day converting of work at a much more local level.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, I mean, I think tech specifically, we would have been largely through it. But as I did call out, we had a significant loss at McCann in the telco space, which is then going to extend that into next year. And then I don't think health falls into the same category. I think health is really just -- we expected more from that sector this quarter than we've seen, but that's not a long-term hedge into next year drag.
Philippe Krakowsky: I don't know that we would break out the by unit employee numbers. I think the second question is a good question. And to Ellen's point earlier, I mean, we are running a portfolio of businesses. And as you could see, a number of them, quite a few of them, whether it's media, health, a lot of the experiential PR businesses are performing well for us. And others are going through some challenges. So I don't know that you approach the comp component of it similarly across the board, and we have it for quite a few years. So we've been finding talent in the growth businesses, which means that we're able to compensate them appropriately. And when you look at the model as it is now, you see a number for us which is an all-in number, and it averages out. But what you're seeing in there are a range of outcomes or a range of realities and making sure that we are rewarding and investing the folks who are driving the performance and who are the strong performers shouldn't be an issue. And there's very -- there's clarity across our group and all of our operators in terms of how their incentives are very, very directly aligned to our results and what we're accountable to you all for. People understand where and how they're earning the compensation. So I don't see that as a meaningful concern.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Sue. Again, thank you all for the time. And we look forward to sharing better news with you in February.
Ellen Johnson: No, just to add to Philippe’s comments, I mean, we've been very disciplined about not hiring ahead of revenue, as well as being able to really, as you've seen, you know, this year included, really manage a flexible cost structure. So we do see the ability to continue to increase our margins.
Ellen Johnson: Those billable expenses are predominantly associated with that segment, and that segment grew nicely. So...
Ellen Johnson: And then looking at our workforce, if you're looking for broad-based trends based upon your question, if I go back post the pandemic, labor was tight, attrition was high. Those trends have attenuated. But we're not one business, as you know. We are many businesses, and we recruit many different types of talent. So where the skill sets are more scarce, there is that supply and demand mix. But we have a truly great labor force and our talent. And so we are very competitive in that regard. But the broad-based trends that were called out post the pandemic, those have attenuated a bit.
