Michael Roth: Thank you Jerry and good morning, we'd like to thank you for joining us as we review our results for the quarter. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide details and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by the Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong performance, organic revenue grew 5.7% in Q1 on top of 6.6% a year ago. Our growth was driven by increases in all major disciplines in most geographic regions. It's worth noting that in the quarter acquisitions added 1.1% to growth and currency translation was a 4.4% drag on revenue. Given the further strengthening of the dollar during Q1 currency translation would be a full year headwind of 5.1% at recent exchange rates. It's also important to note that because our revenue and expenses are evenly matched at current exchange rates we expect currency would be neutral to our percentage operating margin for the year. Operating profit was $8 million compared to a loss of $12 million a year ago, as you all know our first quarter is seasonally small in terms of revenue while costs are distributed fairly evenly throughout the year. Our first positive Q1 result in terms of profit in over a decade is therefore yet another milestone that points to the continued progress at Interpublic.  During the quarter we achieved leverage on both our principal expense categories, driving breakeven earnings per share compared to a loss of $0.05 per share in the same period a year ago.  Turning to more color on revenue, our growth reflects both increases with existing clients as well as new business wins. We were led by increases in the healthcare, food and beverage, tech and telecom and retail sectors. In the U.S., organic growth was 6.1% with outstanding performance across a broad range of agencies and disciplines. International organic growth was also strong at 5.1% with nearly all major regions contributing. We had increases in Asia-PAC, the UK and the Middle East as well as a welcome return to growth in continental Europe. LatAm decreased less than 1% on an organic basis.  Turning to expenses and margin, total operating expenses increased 1.2% compared with our reported revenue growth of 2.4%, as a result Q1 operating margin improved by a 120 basis points. Cost discipline and margin enhancement remain a top priority and we were able to execute against that objective again during the quarter.  Our capital structure also continued to be a source of value creation. Earlier this month S&P raised our credit rating to investment grade, this is the culmination of an extended process and reflects significant positive developments at IPG in recent years. We are now rated investment grade by all three major credit rating agencies, according to us an important recognition of financial strength and fulfilling a long standing management objective. As previously announced in February, our board approved a 26% increase to our quarterly dividend and authorized an additional 300 million share repurchase program.  During Q1 we repurchased 2.5 million shares using $51 million, since the inception of the repurchase programs in February 2011 we've repurchased a 124 million shares at an average cost of $12.63 per share. We are encouraged that our performance in the quarter continues to reflect the competitiveness of our agencies, the quality of our offerings of course the full spectrum of digital services within our advertising, marketing services as well as media agencies was once again a key contributor to our strong results.  Our strategic focus remains on delivering outstanding creativity, top tier digital capabilities embedded across the portfolio and on crafting integrated solutions for our clients. This combination will ensure that we continue to be called upon by clients for higher value services thereby allowing us to grow and win in today's world of dynamic technology enabled consumer marketing. Given the strength of our offerings and our first quarter performance, we believe that we remain well positioned to achieve our financial targets for the full year.  At this stage I'll turn things over to Frank with some additional details on our results, after his remarks I'll be back to provide an update on our agencies and the tone of the business to be followed by the Q&A. 
Michael Roth: Alexia, I'm sorry, we missed the first part of your question was it basically about our net new business positive. 
Michael Roth: Well, we continue to be net new business positive, and as what we said at the end of last year we have tailwinds going into this year of approximately 1%, and going into the second half we seem to flatten out. But we don't break out our revenue by net new business. I will tell you that we see a good organic growth from our existing top 20 clients.
Michael Roth: Look as we've always said thank you for recognizing that, this has certainly been one of our key objectives and we're pleased to see S&P move the way they did. Look, now that we're investment grade from all three rating agencies what it does give us is additional flexibility on liquidity. It should open up an opportunity for us to utilize commercial paper. That will add to our existing lines of credit that we have which are almost $1 billion. So clearly that gives us financial flexibility as we go forward. We can’t tell you when but we are looking at all opportunities on commercial paper and that frees up cash on our balance sheet that will be factored into our needs for the business in terms of acquisitions and certainly dividends and buybacks will be reflective of our balance sheet strength and excess cash we have. So I think that it gives us an additional cushion if you will as we move forward. We still have a significant amount of authorized buyback from our board, 390 some odd million dollars and obviously at this point that's sufficient and we will continue to monitor that as we go forward. We are committed to returning cash to our shareholders in both dividends as well as buyback methodology.
Michael Roth: Yes, when we put out 80 to a 100 basis point improvement as Frank says the big opportunity for us is in SRS and with the pass throughs how it reflects our ONG. So we’ve got three more quarters to go and within that period we expect to see leverage with respect to the SRS. It's clearly a key priority, it's in our management objectives and that’s how we come up with our forecasted margin expansion. 
Michael Roth: Let me talk about the rebate first. Now the total issue of ABBs and rebate is not new to IPG and some 10 years ago you may recall that we made that as an important issue as we became Sarbanes compliant at that point in time you recall we set up the significant amount of liability to pay back to our clients and we embarked on a full transparency program with IPG to make sure that there is transparency and then any rebate will be properly reflected in our contracts and given to our clients.  So consistent with that in those markets first of all in the U.S. we have no rebate and therefore it's not an issue for us in the U.S. And in those markets where there are rebates were in fact encouraged by our clients to get as much volume rebates as possible, and our contracts are clear that those rebates belong to our clients or how they instruct us to treat those rebates. So we’re extremely comfortable with the notion that we don't have any issues with respect to that. And in fact all of our contracts are fully transparent and consistent with that notion that we established 10 years-ago. So we’re comfortable there.  On issue of Brazil of course we’re disappointed in what happened in Brazil. I might point out that we in fact investigated that’s review of prior to what news that you saw in the media and in fact we had an extensive review of what was going on in Brazil we took action internally in the fact that we dismissed one or two employees within that organization and based on the review that we seen this is been an isolated case of those one or two individuals. We have cooperating with all the authorities with respect to that. We do not see a systemic issue here with respect to that this is the action of one or two individuals from a financial point of view. The numbers that are involved are not material to both IPG and our revenue numbers and our profitability. And we are following up on this very carefully and cooperating. We do not believe that this is a systemic issue for us in Brazil and we’re cooperating as best we can.  By the way part of your question might be that we did see a decline in Brazil in this year, that had nothing to do with this particular issue. This was a -- with a decline in two fold, one is we had a very strong company versus last year well in double-digits, and two the macroeconomic environment in Brazil is difficult at the current time. 
Michael Roth: We can spend an hour talking about that, David and we probably will. It's interesting I just addressed [Harris] had a global meeting of McCann grow well group of 500 people down in Florida. It was a great meeting. And I was addressing the very issues that you are talking about.  First of all we don't settle in. This business as you know is very difficult and if you settle in anything you lose. So we are continually focusing on as you pointed out keeping the backdoor closed. And if you look at as I answered the question before of our top-20 clients we had very nice organic revenue growth from [indiscernible], and clearly the fact that we were keeping the backdoor closed is one of those reasons and we do not take clients for granted.  We frankly -- the mantra around here is that we treat existing client as if we are pitching them for new business because that’s the way we should treat existing clients. And settling in is hardly a thing to do when we had this large fragmented media environment, very competitive from our clients in terms of prices and so on. And what our main mantra is going to be we have to be client centric. And that means we have to continue to focus on the needs of our clients and in order to do that we have to invest in talent, we have to invest in all the technology that’s out there, we have to provide integrated offerings that clients are looking for one place or places that give them the edge of on the competitive situation and clearly media, digital talent, creative all come together finally in this business. For years it’s always been solid and now as we don’t provide an integrated offering clients will look for it elsewhere so we are not taking anything for granted. Obviously we’re very pleased with both the last year’s results and the first quarter but we are constantly focusing on how to be better. We don’t have to bigger but we have to be best in class in terms of meeting the needs of our clients and that is what our operators are focused on and the results of that you’re seeing in the organic growth that we’re having and the margin improvement because we are still focused on narrowing that gap. So I think the key to the future of IPG is not being the biggest we have to be client centric, we have to be the place where talent wants to go. One of the things that I really am pleased about is the fact that we’ve been able to recruit high caliber talent across all of our networks and frankly we like the fact that IPG is viewed as a good place to be within our peers groups because of the fact that we are client centric and we are focused on meeting the needs of the clients directly. Other than that we don’t pay attention to it David. 
Michael Roth: Let me talk about your comment about media. We have historically been different than our competitors certainly more recently on the issue of taking inventory the reason that there is gross versus net with respect to some of our competitors is that they take inventory on their own behalf and then in essence sell that inventory to their clients. We act as in essence agents for our clients we do not take inventory. And as a result when you see our gross versus net the only item that affects our gross versus net is our experiential and pass through type expenses. And by the way those expenses do not carry margin along with it. So we do not have a gross up in our organic revenue that reflects media owned and it is our stated policy and frankly we believe that being agnostic in the marketplace is a competitive advantage to us versus our competitors because it’s hard to be an advisor when on one hand you’re giving them advices to where they should place their media dollars and on the other hand you have an inventory component that you are -- equity interest in getting rid of it at a profit so we believe that is a distinction that we will maintain in the marketplace. Now if as some of our competitors say it makes no differences as long as the net of buying and effectiveness is there if we see the marketplace develop over a period of time where in fact that is recognized and not giving us advantage in terms of meeting the needs of our clients then we will rethink it but right now as recently as this month we looked at that again and we believe as you will see in some of the pitches that taking that inventory position is not consistent with our overall model on as being agnostic in the marketplace. And frankly if I were a consumer that’s the way I would look at it, so that’s our strategy. And the accounting follows your business practice and therefore our accounting does not require us to gross anything other than the pass-throughs that we have. As far as CMG, I’ll let Frank talk about.
Michael Roth: There is one other point and I think I have to bring up we have stated we do have a business called ORION which is the [barter] business. Frankly all of our competitors or most of them have [a barter] business. In that particular niche we do take inventory position, but it's not an inventory position, it’s acting on behalf of our client with respect to that inventory which is why we don’t gross that up either. So, yes, there is a part of our business that does have some -- it’s not an equity but we do take inventory but it’s on behalf of our client for a specific reason, so our [barter] business is a little bit different than the rest of our business and in fact it's a separate and distinct business, so I have to clarify that point.
Michael Roth: Yes, well it’s -- when you say small, it’s a profitable part of our business but its small compared to the overall media business. Thank for the clarification both of you.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Tim. We never said that 50% was going to be programmatic, it may be over a period of time but when we said 50% was going to be automation, and that's a little bit different than putting everything under the programmatic.  Frankly our media business we're using cables and faxes so our main objective was moving towards automation. We do see a significant rise in programmatic but it is not at the levels of 50%. And we have been rolling that out on a global basis, because we think it is a very efficient and effective way to handle video certainly on the digital side of the business.  So we are committed to it, Cadreon was one of the leaders in the business, we keep investing in Cadreon and talent and tools and as you point out we enter into all these agreements with various cable operators in fact radio now and our investment in Samba TV all of these things are related about having the right data to place the media dollars in the right place to reach the right people at an efficient way. And we believe that it should be -- automation should play an important part of it and programmatic falls within that automation.
Michael Roth: Well you know, what I did say and you're correct in remembering this I did say it's going to be difficult for TV, premium content on TV to be put into that fold because of you know the control of it and maybe arguably is not there and therefore it's hard for them to negotiate premiums. You know what the marketplace will determine whether that happens. And as it grows and as it becomes more efficient and as clients and media owners become more comfortable with it we may see it but we're not seeing it right now.
Michael Roth: I wish I can solve all of those problems. Let me take Brazil and Russia and comment a little bit about our balance sheet. First of all Russia, obviously the Russian markets are not the strongest right now, but recently -- I've actually had some direct conversations with our clients because frankly for years now we've been talking to our partner in Russia and in fact we've got some approval in Russia for us to do a transaction with respect to our partner on some of their properties there -- enabling us to have better control over the quality of the product with respect to our multinational clients in Russia and we’re planning on going forward with that, that transaction.  So you might say, gee in this environment why are you doing that in Russia, and the answer is our client still believes that Russia is an important market and consistent with that it's important for us to have the top talent and resources servicing those clients in Russia, so we're going forward with our transaction with ADV, I have to say it, it's at a cheaper price obviously in terms of both the movement of the currency as well as the economics in Russia and we took advantage of that but we are still moving forward and believe Russia is an important market and frankly it’s a place that we still believe we have to be there to service our multinational clients.  Brazil everyone knows is going to a difficult time right and there was a pullback and we saw it in our multinational larger global agencies down there. It was partially offset by other areas in Latin America that were positive, Mexico for example. But Brazil we’re watching very carefully, we hope to return to growth in Brazil throughout the year but the benefit of being a multinational and global service provider that we are where one region becomes little difficult fortunately there are other regions that are strong, when I am particularly pleased to see the growth in India. We went through a period in India where the growth wasn't there during the elections and now that Modi is in place and things are happening we had double-digit growth almost double-digit growth in India. So I think that’s a positive sign. And obviously China continues to grow for us at a double-digit rate. And of course we’re very strong in U.S.  So we’re watching Brazil carefully, we still have top tier talent and our agencies down there are best-in-class, and as Brazil we will get through this. Look the growth of the middle-class in Brazil is a real and I think eventually and with all the event the Olympics and so on I think will see a snapback in Brazil once this all happens.  On our balance sheet we've always said we wanted to be strong, have a strong balance sheet maybe that’s part of the DNA of our company given the difficulties we had many years ago. And there might be a little room in our leverage right now and frankly [we were that] way to make sure that we get we finally get F&B over the finish line. And we will take a hard look in terms of our leverage and use as I said at the commercial paper market. And then maybe some opportunity for us in terms of buybacks, but if we make a business decision in terms of what we do with our cash, and that cash is decided either it goes to a reinvesting in our business whether it would be strategic acquisitions investments in talent or just overall investment in our businesses versus returning it to our shareholders and if we return it to our shareholders we will take a look at the mix between dividends and buybacks. And obviously we’re very sensitive to the needs of our investors and in fact every investor meeting we have we ask them what their preference versus dividend versus buybacks and we listen to our investors and we respond accordingly.  The good news is we will have the financial flexibility to do both, and what that mix is will be decided by the marketplace and the needs of our businesses. 
Michael Roth: All of the above. This is a very competitive environment right now. Now you did see the announcement of PNG for example they are anticipating cutting an agency fees if you will by a significant amount, clients overall and it's not new to the industry our clients are always looking for more for less and what we have to be able to do is twofold, one the most important thing is we have to show that we’re adding value to what we are delivering, and therefore we have to be responsive to the effectiveness -- the creativity and effectiveness of the work we do. And then we have to be able to measure it and be accountable for it.  So I think the pressure is much greater now given that these tools are out there for measurement to prove the return on investment with respect to marketing dollars. And we’re in a position to be able to do that, and clients appropriately are asking to see that return on investment. And at the same time they are looking to have savings and be able to show that the effectiveness of what they are spending is greater and spending less also gives them a similar response rate. And frankly that’s where we add value.  If we can show that if you spend dollars in one place versus another and the one that’s cheaper is as effective if not better then it's a win-win. We add value, we get paid for the value that we’re adding, clients show effectiveness and market share and they spend less and that is going to be a dialog between us and our clients forever. And as these tools become sharper, as media plays more and more an important in terms of the integrated offering we have to have the best talent tools and resources and scale in order to be able to make that happen. And that’s the dialog that’s going on every day with our clients and frankly when I was a client that’s what I would do and that’s what’s happening. And we’re being responsive for it and if you look at our organic growth that’s a good indication that we’re able to overcome and be able to have those conversations. As far as pitches I think the big pitches that are out there are principally media. In every couple of years every multinational client looks at their media agencies and puts it through a pitch and a lot of these pitches are focusing on efficiencies which is exactly what I just said. And so you see Coca-Cola having a media pitch. You have Unilever having a media pitch. These are global clients L'Oreal is having a media pitch. These are global clients that not necessarily unhappy with the services that they’re getting but they want to make sure they’re optimizing the use of their media dollars in an efficient way and moving the needle and we’re responsive, we have a good track record in those pitches and we expect to see that continue. On the creative side, we do have a couple of big pitches coming up particularly contractual pitches, for example the army which is a mandatory review and the navy has a mandatory review both of which we’ve been successful in retaining and obviously we hope to do the same moving forward. And on the other side, there are pitches out there of what we call opportunities because we aren’t in those pitches, we aren’t existing client relationships and this is an opportunity. For example Chrysler has a digital pitch out there and we’re participating in that one. So yes the marketplace is -- and by the way there are fair amount of pitches out there that aren’t public and those are the ones where we have existing relationships where we’re looking for a larger share of the wallet. So I think that bodes well for us frankly in the industry in that there are these opportunities where we can get to go head to head with our competitors and show where we add value. So it’s a pretty exciting time.
Michael Roth: The key to our existing client relationships being important here because if you do look at our top 20 clients we do have a nice organic growth within those 20 clients and that tells us that the relationships are good, the products and services we’re providing to those clients are working and they are viewed as partners to those clients.
Michael Roth: I’ll let Frank talk about working capital. No one is raising a flag on Europe. We have -- obviously it’s nice to have positive growth in Continental Europe. Certainly the number seems to indicate that from a growth perspective there seems to be some light at the end of the tunnel here and anecdotally seems to be stronger. I love what’s happening in the UK is very strong market for us now and hopefully that will still over to the rest of Continental Europe. But for our planning purposes for the rest of the year, we haven’t built into it a big recovery in Continental Europe. So to the extent that we continue to be successful in growth in Continental Europe that will bode well for us for the full year, but we’re basically counting on to being flat up or down 1% and we’ll see how that develops.
Michael Roth: At this point, I’d like to thank you all for participating. As we said, we’re very pleased with the quarter but we have three more quarters to go. Look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Alexia Quadrani: On new business wins which continue to look very-very strong and just trying to get a sense of how much that contributed to organic growth in the quarter and I guess sort of any further color on how you see the recent new business wins sort of in terms of is it a tailwind for the rest of the year and then I have a quick follow up.
Alexia Quadrani: Yes, the net new business being so strong how much of it contributed to your growth and how do you see it, is it a tailwind for the rest of the year.
Alexia Quadrani: And then on the-- what I would qualify as sort of a long overdue upgrade by the last rating agency the S&P, I guess how is -- does that at all change I guess your cost to capital and sort of your outlook in terms of capital returns to shareholders.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John it works real with a 120 basis point of margin improvement and we're fairly disclosive on those key metrics and the pass through [indiscernible] clouded a bit. But we're coming off a very strong fourth quarter growth wise, a very good quarter growth wise in the first quarter and we got to bring those people on to do the work and sometimes the revenue and the hiring doesn’t align in the quarterly timeframe, but we still need to get leverage out of SRS to meet our overall targets, it’s an area of focus for the entire management team.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the CMG side Peter the PR firms grew high single digits. The overall segment was relatively flat because we had a fairly large project in the UK from our experiential business that didn’t repeat this year, it happens every three years. And that’s a good example as Mike pointed out a lot of that was pass through revenue so when you look at the overall segment on a net basis growth was in the mid-single digits so it did very well in ’14 and we’re very confident that it did very well in ’15.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the margin question the key thing around that is growth and converting that growth at an efficient rate. And that’s the challenge for us because as Michael pointed out the growth has been driven by investment talent. We all focus on SRS so we need to invest and this is aligned with John’s earlier question, we need to invest and that drives the growth and then we’ve got to convert that at efficient rate and that’ll improve the margin.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Brian on the working capital it’s normal to seasonal flows you look at we have significant working capital cash generation in the fourth quarter and then we have outflows in the first quarter. And you look at the outflows this first quarter and take a look at Q4 ’14 that correlation is pretty consistent with prior years, none of it relates to changing in terms, terms have been pretty consistent.
Frank Mergenthaler: No if you look at Q1 versus the previous Q4 and they trade pretty much in a band if you look back over the past five or six years.
