Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you, all, for joining us as we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2010. I'll begin by covering the headlines of our performance. Frank will then take us through the financial results. After his remarks, I'll return with specific observations relating to the agencies and closing comments before we move on to the Q&A.  Overall, it's fair to say that we're quite pleased with second quarter performance that was strong on both the top and bottom line. As reported, revenue increased 9.7% in the quarter, and revenue was up 8.5% organically. The improvement relative to last year is significant, as is the sequential change from the first quarter. As was the case in the first quarter, we saw results strengthen month-to-month during Q2. We also saw contributions pretty much across the board in terms of geography, client sectors and across our portfolio of agencies. Of course, it should be noted that the severity of the downturn last year means we had the benefit of favorable comps this quarter. Nonetheless, organic revenue increase of 13.6% in the U.S. clearly shows that the signs of economic recovery are giving clients greater opportunities to engage in marketing spend.  Activity in developing regions are continue to pick up, and we experienced double-digit organic growth in Brazil, China and India during the second quarter. While Europe showed sequential improvement, we remain cautious about the situation in that region, and the European recovery is not factored into our budgets or operating plans for 2010.  In terms of client sectors, growth in the quarter and year-to-date has been very strong in the Auto, Retail and Financial Services sector. With the major challenges that we all faced in 2009 seemingly behind us, companies in every industry are increasingly looking forward. They are asking our agencies for innovative new programs and integrated, multi-agency solutions that can help them win market share by fully engaging consumers in today's complex media landscape. In fact, all of the major client sectors we track are up for both the quarter and the first half, except for the Tech and Telecom sector, in which, as we previously mentioned, lost assignments with some large clients in 2009 will weigh on our results for the balance of the year by approximately 1%.  Our pipeline is solid at the regional and local level and at all our major agencies. On a trailing 12-month basis, we remained net new business positive through the end of the second quarter. All told, our top line performance is ahead of where we had experienced it to be at this point in time. That's a reflection of the strength of our offerings and our people, as well as the broader-economic stabilization and recovery in a number of major world markets.  And speaking to clients and our operating unit leadership, we're consistently hearing that the tone of the business is improving. But there is still a high degree of macro uncertainty as well as concerns domestically about jobs and consumer confidence. So we remain very conservative in how we manage the business and highly focused on our cost discipline.  The work we've already done in that regard was evident in the second quarter's very strong profitability. Our operating income of $177 million was significantly improved from $97 million a year ago. Q2 operating margin of 11% was well above last year's 6.6% in the comparable period. Earnings per share were $0.15 compared to $0.04 in the second quarter of 2009. From 2006 to 2008 we put into public on a path of dramatically improved margin performance. During the first half of this year, as we emerge from the recession and return to a more normal business environment, we are demonstrating the capacity to get back on that positive margin trajectory.  Another area in which our focus and hard work is bearing fruit is our long-standing commitment to conservative balance sheet management. Financial strength and flexibility have been key to our success, initially, as we retooled our company and more recently, as we moved through last year's severe economic problems. This approach has once again been validated, as we've seen upgrades from major credit rating agencies during the past few months.  We also successfully negotiated an amended revolving credit facility that provides greater latitude for us to put cash on the balance sheet to work directly in the service of our shareholders. We recently completed the buyback of a majority of our convertible preferreds. As we continue to see improvements in the broader economy and in our operating performance, we will remain focused on opportunities that allow us to use the strength of our balance sheet to enhance shareholder value.  At this point, let me hand over things to Frank for an in-depth look at our first half performance.
Michael Roth: First of all, our business is very seasonal. And obviously, July is not as a strong month, historically, as June. We had a very strong June. So although we don't have final results for July, I would suspect it's not going to be as strong as June. But that's not a surprise for us, and it's not inconsistent with our history in terms of our business. As far as the Auto sector, we’ve had strength. I mean, the strength in our Auto sector for the year and for the quarter reflects our wins at VW as well as increased spend at Hyundai and General Motors, in general, including MRM. As I indicated in the first quarter, the significance of it is not just Campbell-Ewald and Chevy. And as we indicated, the loss of that business is not a significant number to us. But we haven't seen any significant reductions in Campbell-Ewald to date.
Michael Roth: Well, as Frank indicated, we had a onetime event last year in the quarter in the U.K. But even with that said, we’re still not as strong over there as we are in the United States. And, obviously, the comps will get a little bit better with respect to the event. In the United States, they had a very good quarter.
Michael Roth: Well, what we said in the first quarter, I mean, the three sectors that are driving this are Auto, Retail and Financial Services. Those are significant improvements. And frankly, last year they sort of slowed down more than others. So the reason that you can see this, is obviously in those sectors, we're participating in a significant increase in spend. So that's reflected in the numbers. The sustainability of this kind of growth, obviously, we're cautious in terms of the rest of the year. We still, nonetheless, if you recall, we had previously said, we thought on a flat-to-slightly positive organic for the year, we can deliver at least 8% margin. What we're saying now is we believe we will certainly be positive for the full year on organic, which means it's better than slightly positive. And we say our margins should be 8% or better. So we are cautious in the rest of the year. And I don't think you should assume that what we achieved in the second quarter is going to continue throughout the full year. There is cyclicality in our business, and we will experience that. But nonetheless, we believe this should be a very good year for us.
Michael Roth: We will continue to invest in terms of people in the growth markets, which is why we've added, if you look at R/GA, if you look at HUGE, you look at MRM, you look at PR businesses, these are our -- these -- and some parts of Draftfcb, domestically, these are our growth areas that we will continue to invest behind. And that's going to reflect, obviously, in the cost structure. But what we're looking at is making sure that when we do add these people, they’re revenue-facing and they're consistent with margin targets we set out with respect to our business units. Let me also add that the other part of -- the encouraging factor is, we used to get criticized for being too heavily weighted in Packaged Goods and Health and Personal Care. And we've seen in the second quarter those two sectors perform nicely as well. So on your question of sustainability, I think it bodes well for us on the Package Goods and Health and Personal Care that we're seeing spending in those sectors as well.
Michael Roth: We'll probably get three different ways of asking the same question, in terms of what our margin expectations are for the year. Look, I think if you factor in what Frank was just talking about, if you factor in the cost discipline, if you factor in growth in our various sectors, obviously, we're going to manage our business to maximize margins for the rest of the year, which is why we say they're going to be 8% or better. It would be silly for us to put numbers out there, but needless to say, we're very pleased with the performance for the first half.
Michael Roth: I don't agree with the premise that you said. We added significantly in terms of our headcount in the quarter. In fact, I think we were up over 500 people. So it's not that we weren’t spending to recruit in the quarter and then we’re all of a sudden going to get a huge rush of recruiting in July. I think what we’ve said is that our recruiting will follow the revenue, okay? So -- and then that's exactly what we've done. So I don't think you're going to see a huge bump in July since we didn't hire them in June, if that's what your question is.
Michael Roth: Yes, look, I think the Worldgroup, it's a global network, it's fully integrated, it has all the disciplines. There are markets that, obviously-- which is consistent with the overall economic environment, for example, Europe. That's an area that we’ve already indicated we have to focus on. We've made some personnel changes over there. We added to the talent. And frankly, we're encouraged by the recovery in the U.K. As Frank indicated, absent events, we were positive in the U.K. So we're looking for improvement, certainly in the Worldgroup over in Europe. And that's an opportunity for us. In the United States, it continues to be a very strong force. And obviously, if you look at our major clients and spending is up, a significant amount of those major clients are with the Worldgroup. And that's what the Worldgroup does best, and that is global clients with full integrated offerings.
Michael Roth: Yes, a fair question, and let's look at this way. If you recall, before the recession hit, our target was to be competitive from a revenue point of view and achieve double-digit margins. Okay? That was our goal. We were tracking towards that, and in that context, we were looking at a 4% to 5%, maybe 6% organic growth to achieve double-digit margins and competitive margins thereafter. That is still true for us. So if we achieve competitive margins in the range of 4% to 5%, our goal is to manage our profitability to achieve competitive margins. Now your next question, was it going to be about what time frame? And obviously, that will be subject to the overall macroeconomic environment. But that has been our goal, it will continue to be our goal and we’re comforted by the results that we’re showing both from a leverage point of view on the cost side as well as the competitiveness of our offerings. As far as pricing goes, we haven't seen a huge release in terms of the activity of procurement or of clients focusing on getting more for less. That will continue. It's continued and will continue. But the other side of it is we've managed to be much more efficient in how we deliver our results. Clients are demanding the efficiencies. And frankly, clients are looking for performance, and I think that's part of what you're seeing. If we can prove performance relating to our offerings, then, I think we'll see not a total relaxing of pricing but certainly a value-oriented competitive offering.
Michael Roth: Yes, and that’s -- the next question that normally follows from that, are there any structural reasons why you can’t achieve that number? And the answer is, no. It's a journey and, obviously, we’re pleased to be back on that journey.
Michael Roth: Well, our business is a GDP-type of business. So if you could put a number out for GDP, we should fairly track, and slightly behind, but we'll track it. So if those numbers are 3% to 4%, obviously, that would not be a crazy number, but again we're not giving out any targets to that. But certainly, at 3.5% for the first six months, you don't need a huge growth in the rest of the year to accomplish that.
Michael Roth: Look, I mean, 50% is, if we could take 50% conversion, we’ll take it all day long. Okay? So I think that's an attractive number to deliver. If we deliver conversions at 30% to 40%, I think that's a good number. So if you want to build in whatever organic growth you have, then we should be trying to deliver those type of conversions. And I think if you run the math, it's consistent with the numbers we're saying.
Michael Roth: Yes, and the other, it's the mix of our business. Remember, all our businesses aren’t operating at the same margins, so part of it will be, where does the growth come from? Both regionally as well as by discipline. So...
Michael Roth: Well, certainly, the key objectives for Lowe were in New York and the U.K. And we’re very pleased with the solutions that we’ve already implemented. Clearly, the growth hubs for Lowe are in China, India and South America. We’ve already built up our investments in India, and that will continue. Obviously, we want to focus on some digital offerings in India and Latin America. And China is the place, I mean, and that's where we would hope to grow, frankly, all of our offerings, not just Lowe. So that’ll be a key focus for us going forward.
Michael Roth: The other part of that answer is, do we see using that to do any large acquisitions? Right? I mean, that's the other part of it. And as we've said, we don't have any big holds on our offerings. So we'll be very strategic in both discipline as well as geographic area. And I think what you saw in the U.K. is an of example that. We've used about $150 million as an objective in terms of acquisitions, and we're consistent with that in our overall plan. So there isn't a need for us to take that cash and go out and buy a huge traditional agency or a digital, whatever. We will use our cash to invest in our businesses, do strategic acquisitions and, as Frank indicated, focus on our ratings and our balance sheet.
Michael Roth: At the end of ‘08, the Events business, I mean, it just -- and the Project business just stopped. I think the tone in the Events business right now is positive, and our second quarter results reflect that. So that's encouraging, and again, our pipeline is solid. So I wouldn't suspect that we have a major fall-off unless there is a severe cutback in the overall economic situation.
Michael Roth: Yes, and let me just add to that. The rating agencies, the key factor for rating agencies in terms of upticks for us going forward are going to be the sustainability and margin improvement. I mean, that’s -- it's the same as our shareholders, and that is looking to make sure that there's sustainability and the targets that we're setting out are achievable. So as we move towards that, we would expect to see rating agencies take actions in support of that. And that, obviously, will flow into what we do with our balance sheet and so on. So we're encouraged by it. Obviously, we're all driving to the same thing that is, we want to enhance shareholder value. We want to be competitive in the marketplace. And obviously, we're very pleased with the results that we've been able to deliver. And we've been having our operating reviews with all of our networks, and I'm really encouraged by our talent and our opportunity to recruit and develop our people. And even with -- and with our client meetings as well, I'm getting positive feedback that we’ve really stepped up in terms of our offerings and our people. And that makes, obviously, us feel a lot better in terms of our ability to deliver against our objectives. And so I'm really encouraged by it. This quarter, obviously, gives us great impetus in moving forward, and we look forward to talking to you in the third quarter. So thank you, all, for your support and we'll be back at you. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Matt, on the O&G, the various components of that, we would like to think that most of that is permanent. We’ve become very disciplined across the board in the line items that drive the aggregate O&G. And we’ve been out there saying that the key metric we look to is O&G as a percentage of revenue. And it wasn’t that long ago, it was north of 30%. Now it's sub 30%, and we're chipping away at it, but I think our expectation is that we’ll continue to manage that aggressively. The real key is on the salary line. We saw great leverage when growth came back into the equation this quarter on our base salaries. And while you're going to have to invest behind that growth, and you will see the salary line move to track that growth, we do believe a lot of the progress we made in reducing that cost base, we'll see it in greater conversion when the revenue comes back on stream. But for profitability, that's going to be the key area that we need to continue to manage very aggressively.
Frank Mergenthaler: And David, it's worth remembering, it's not as if we started at 8% and now we’ve incremental growth and we’re going to some other number. We started the year coming off 5.7% margins. So we've had significant margin improvement we've committed to. And we're pleased that the revenue is a better story than we anticipated. We're going to continue to aggressively manage our cost base. But to Michael's point, our goal is not what we're going to deliver in 2010. Our goal is to get to competitive margins. And it's a fair question to say, when are you willing to commit a time frame? Well, we're not ready to commit to that time frame yet.
Frank Mergenthaler: And James, you saw when revenue was declining at a rapid pace in 2009, it was very difficult to reduce your work force at that commensurate rate. And the same thing happens in reverse. When you see the pace of growth we saw in the second quarter, especially with such a strong June, it’s -- our folks around the world have been working some overtime. So eventually, that's going to have to normalize as we staff up to support that growth.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Dan, on the balance sheet, we're pleased with where we are as of the end of June. We were pleased at the strong cash position we ended, even taking into account the redemption of the preferreds. We've got a maturity coming at us in the third quarter, which we'll deal with, with cash on hand. And I think as we demonstrated with our move on the converts, we're constantly evaluating ways to use our balance sheet to generate shareholder value. And we weigh that with working with our colleagues at the ratings agencies to ensure that -- investment grade is still an objective of ours, and we're managing our way towards it. So a lot of options, and you can expect that we’ll continue to evaluate what's the right answer for driving shareholder value.
Frank Mergenthaler: They should be, but Matthew, it’s worth noting, the Events business, it’s not as if there was a systemic decline in the U.K. These events, there were two of them actually, large, one was government and one was private sector. We knew they weren't going to repeat. That's the nature of the Events Business. It does create volatility. Every year, an awful lot of their revenue book they've got to go out and sell again. So it's a volatile business, but it's for us, it's very strategic, and it's profitable. And it's one that we're pleased to be in.
Frank Mergenthaler: And on the rest of Europe, you’re right, the back half of the year was very challenged and we've seen sequential improvement Q1 to Q2. But I think it would be premature on our part to look to the back half of the year and anticipate anything other than there's still risk in that market.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, I mean, we're not going to start disclosing the ins and outs of projected events. We'll call out, as we have, when an event drives a trend line like it did in the U.K. this quarter. We called it out, and we disclosed what the normalized revenue line was. And we've done it when it goes the other way as well.
Frank Mergenthaler: Ben, on occupancy, we've had an IPG-led real estate team in place for six years. And every real estate transaction in the world goes through that group. And they're very, very effective in their ability to negotiate and manage both growth and decline. And I think what we're seeing here is through the downturn, they were very effective in downsizing our footprint. And as growth comes back in, what you see is on the revenue metric, that there’s significant improvement. So I think we've been very proactive in managing our real estate footprint around the world, and will continue to be. But as you pointed out, it's something that -- it's predicated on when leases mature and what market values are in cities. But we've been very effective in taking larger pieces of property, putting more agencies in there, leveraging our scale in certain markets. And that work is never done. So we'll continue to press it.
Frank Mergenthaler: The comment on bases, we've had growth in it from the beginning of the year to now. It's difficult to look at Q2 '09, Q2 '10. Probably a more effective look is, is how you have done Q2 2010 or Q1 2010. And it's clear, we've been hiring against growth businesses, and we've been doing it throughout the first quarter and into the second quarter. And I think that what we're seeing in getting the base leverage is, Michael's point, the hiring we’re doing is against revenue, and we're being very, very efficient in managing our headcount outside of the revenue line.
Frank Mergenthaler: But we don’t have a -- we’re not that precise. As to Michael's comment earlier, the first allocation of our capital is against high-growth acquisition opportunities, and then we'll tier back from there, depending on what we think will drive the most incremental shareholder value.
