Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning. As we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2015. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional detail and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of business to be followed by a Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong organic revenue, as well as profit growth. Organic revenue growth in the quarter was 6.7%. Net acquisitions had a positive impact of 30 basis points, while FX was a negative 5.7%. Notably, FX had essentially no impact on our percentage margin. Total revenue growth was 1.3%. We saw positive contributions to our top-line performance by a broad range of our creative, marketing services and media offerings. Our digital capabilities, which are embedded across the portfolio and consistently among the best in the industry, were significant drivers of growth for us again this past quarter. Regionally, our largest markets were standouts, as the U.S., Asia-Pac and UK showed very good growth with healthcare and tech and telecom, the leading client sectors. Our operating profit in the quarter increased to $216 million, up 10% from a year ago. Operating margin expanded 90 basis points to 11.5%, reflecting leverage on base payroll, benefits in tax and all O&G expenses. Diluted EPS was $0.29 a share, an increase of 16% compared to last year's adjusted Q2. Moving to the first half of the year, organic revenue growth was 6.2% on top of a strong 5.6% a year ago. For the six months, we posted a 21% increase to operating profit and a 45% increase in diluted earnings per share. This performance continues to lead our industry and builds on a record of accomplishments in which our people can take great pride. Turning back to additional color on the quarter. In the U.S., organic growth was 7.7% in Q2, an outstanding result. We had notable growth at most of our agencies including McCann, FCB, R/GA, Huge, Mediabrands, Deutsche, Mullen, Weber Shandwick, and Golin. Our international organic growth was also very solid at 5.3%, once again driven by a full range of services. By region, we were led by 11.8% growth in Asia-Pac highlighted by continued double-digit increase in India and China. We again saw a strong performance in the UK, which was up 7.9% organically. In Continental Europe, organic growth was 3.6% in the quarter and 3.6% for the six months as well. LatAm decreased 1.6% organically in the quarter, chiefly due to challenging macro conditions in Brazil, which we had called out for you during our first quarter call. For the first half of the year, our 6.2% organic growth reflected contributions across all major disciplines as well as all regions of the world with the exception being a small decrease in the LatAm. First half operating margin growth was 100 basis points, with leverage on our base payroll, benefits in tax, and on office and general expenses. As we said previously, cost discipline and margin enhancement continue to be a top priority and we continue to successfully execute against that objective. With respect to share repurchase during Q2, we used $51 million to repurchase 2.4 million shares while over the trailing 12 months, we had utilized approximately $280 million for share repurchases. We had $342 million remaining on our authorization at the end of the quarter. Since, instituting our return of capital programs in 2011, we have returned over $2 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, as well as reduced our diluted share count by 25%. In sum, our performance in the quarter and the first half continues to underscore the strong competitive position of our agencies across the full spectrum of advertising and marketing disciplines, in terms of our digital expertise and in many of the world's key advertising and media markets. While economic conditions in some areas of the world present macro headwinds and uncertainties, the overall tone of business remains solid, and we are effectively managing expenses. At the midway point of the year, we believe we are very well positioned to exceed our targeted organic growth for 2015. We are therefore upping that target from the previous 3% to 4% organic growth to a new range of 4% to 5% for the full year. Consistent with that, we will look to deliver toward the upper end of our full range operating margin target of 80 basis points to 100 basis points improvement over 2014. At this stage, I'll turn things over to Frank for additional detail on our results and join you after his remarks for an update on our operating units to be followed by Q&A.
Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Alexia. It only took us two minutes to get to the question of what our forecast was, (29:02) Look, obviously, all of the above, there's a degree of conservancy in there. But as we had said on our previous calls, we expected tailwinds in the first half of the year. And frankly, we see that leveling off in the second half of the year, partially because our comps are a little different in the second half of the year and the on-boarding of new clients that we had, starts to level off in terms of those comps, plus we had a little bit of headwinds in terms of some of the client losses. So, obviously, the second half of the year, we're targeting a little bit pullback on the growth as a result of that impact. Nonetheless, we're still confident in our forecast in the 4% to 5% that we moved – that's why we moved it in that direction. We always try to do better, but, I think that's a realistic number for us to take into account both the uncertainty that's out there... Let me just comment on the media reviews. Most of these media reviews that are taking place, the impact of that won't be in effect until really 2016. So, to answer your other question, we don't expect to see an impact on the media side of the business as a result of these reviews until 2016, and hopefully we'll see positive impact as a result of that.
Michael I. Roth: We're always focusing on improvement, as you know, we had taken a reserve against repositioning Europe to realign the cost with the organic expectations. We never stop looking for margin improvement in Europe, it's nice to have some organic revenue but, I think we're being very cautious. We don't have built into our plan a recovery in Continental Europe, and along with that, we're managing our costs very carefully. And we hope to see some margin improvement, but Europe continues to be a difficult market for us to expand margins, and we still view it as a very important market for us. So we're continuing to invest in new people and talent in there, and frankly we've done a few acquisitions there, and we're seeing positive results. But, margin improvement is a little bit harder to get in Europe than we're seeing elsewhere in the world.
Michael I. Roth: All of that. Okay, look June, as – you're right. You're correct. June is a big month for us and the industry, and we're encouraged by what we saw in June across the board, and obviously that's why we're more comfortable in moving the organic revenue up to 4% to 5%, but June doesn't make a year. And so, we still have some cautionary issues out there, particularly in terms of Europe and South America. So therefore, we have some level of conservancy in those numbers. Our margin numbers, we look at it on a full-year basis, okay. So when you look at the six months and what our conversion ratio in the six months. As you know, we look to convert at a 30% ratio and frankly, for this quarter, we didn't quite make 30%, but we're comfortable in our range of 80 basis points to 100 basis points, because the rest of the year, we expect to see the impact of the onboarding of the talent that we had in the first half of the year, and the revenue coming in in the second half of the year. We never give up trying to expand our margin, and I think it's a 30% continues to be a reasonable objective for us to – and for you to assume in the conversion as we go forward and frankly, using the 80 basis points to 100 basis point margin improvement, that's where we get to the targets that we're driving against, okay. And I think that's a conservative way for us to look at it. We wrestled with the issue of what we do with that margin expectation. And we felt that by at least saying we think we'll be on the high side of that is an indication to you that we believe we have cost under control, in terms of managing it. We still have more work to do. And given the levels of revenue that we see, we're comfortable with that, and we'll deal with future margin expansion as we put this year behind us.
Michael I. Roth: I think that's a fair question, John, and I've talk about it a lot, as you noted. One thing is, you can see the difference in terms of the announced gross versus net that our competitors are putting out there, or soon to put out there, in terms of their future releases. Our only issue of gross versus net reflects the pass-throughs that we see in some of our marketing service businesses. So, you will not see an inflated organic growth number from us, as a result of taking inventory into our ownership, in terms of selling it to our clients. So, we believe that continues to be a market distinction for us, when we're dealing with our clients. Now, whether that makes a big difference or not, I think that it's still something to be seen, in terms of the reviews that are going on. But I can tell you anecdotally and specifically, when we have conversations with our clients about that, that all of them indicate that they believe the way we're approaching this, is an appropriate way to deal with it and they're pleased to see the transparency, and the positions we're taking. That said, there's no question that some of our competitors are having success going a different way, and that's something we're going to consider and we always will consider, as we move into 2016. And frankly, if the marketplace doesn't put a benefit to us, in terms of taking that position versus our competitors, then it's something we have to look at, in terms of our go-to-market strategy. But right now, we believe frankly, one, it's the right thing to do, in terms of dealing with an agnostic position with respect to our clients. We are an advisor and as an advisor, we find it inherently difficult to be in a conflict position when we are advising them on where they should place their media dollars. And we believe that, that is the right go-to-market strategy. If clients, however, feel that as long as they're getting a savings and they're getting a benefit in terms of where their media dollars are being spent and that doesn't make a difference, then we'll take a look at it, but right now we believe, it's making a difference in the marketplace. I cannot tell you that we won this particular pitch, which is what your question is, because of that – because these pitches that are going on right now, I know a lot of ink is being spent in terms of making a point that this issue of transparency and rebates is why these reviews are taking place. But actually these reviews are taking place because clients want to make sure that their media dollars are being spent appropriately in terms of efficiently, in the right place and using all the tools and resources that are out there, and they want to make sure that they're getting best-in-class services. And frankly, if I were a client, I'd be asking the same questions. So, it's not down to a pure question of taking inventory or not taking inventory or transparency or not transparency. It's everything being considered at one time, and we're very comfortable with our position and we lead with that in terms of our go-to-market strategy.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah. Let me just add in terms of our acquisition strategy, and I kind of referred to in my remarks, we don't look to do big transactions and we feel that they're, a) difficult to integrate, b) the price that you pay for that in terms of using your balance sheet, as well as the risk associated with integration, make it a difficult thing to do. That said, some of them are successful and some aren't. Our approach has been quite successful, I mean, I use Huge as an example. When we acquired Huge, they had 80 people to 100 people. Now, they have 800 people to 1,000 people on a worldwide basis. There aren't many of those transactions, but those are the kind of transactions that we look at, we look at small to medium acquisitions that are in the sweet spot of the areas that we need the expertise, whether it would be digital, which obviously is what everybody is looking at right now, or a geographic area or it's a discipline. So, we've done a number of transactions in our PR business. Obviously, our PR business is very successful and we're certainly gaining market share against our competitors. So, therefore when we look at opportunities and acquisitions if we can bolster their go to market strategy, that's a good thing and we find transactions that it's appropriate in. So, don't expect us to announce a huge transaction on the M&A side. But we are looking on a very careful basis to be within the range, we always say we spend between $100 million and $150 million. We can go up above that a little bit obviously if the right transaction comes along, but we're very careful and disciplined in terms of our acquisitions.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah, that's a fair question, Peter. Yeah, it's out there. My favorite slide that I show when I make presentations is a headline in the Wall Street Journal that declares the demise of the advertising industry because of all these new technologies and so on. And then of course, my next slide is that quote was 25 years ago. Look we have to be on our toes, we have to continue to invest in what works and what clients are looking for and as long as we can add that value to clients, there's no need for them to take it in-house or use other services. I think what we're seeing actually now, because of the distribution of media outlets right now, most of our clients are looking for solutions, because it's very difficult for them on their own to really go through all of these different outlets on an integrated basis. So, I think the value proposition that we have now is as strong as it's ever been. And as long as we have the type whether it would be programmatic buying, whether it would be content, whether it would be PR, whether it would be content creation, all of it and distribution on a global basis, and we are the only place and I say we, as an industry, we are the only place where we could bring all of this together. And hopefully on an agnostic basis, to advise our clients where to put their money. So, I think our value proposition right now is as strong as it's ever been. And yeah, clients are going to look to make sure that we're doing it efficiently and it's no different than when we look at acquisitions, do we choose to grow it organically or buy it, so the buy versus rent argument is out there and it always is an analysis and it's incumbent upon us to show that we have the tools and resources to help our clients. And if we don't, they're either going to do it themselves or use some of the other providers. So do I think it's challenging? Yes. Do I think we've stepped up to the plate? Yes. Do I think we have to do more? Of course. And that's really what's driving a lot of these media pitches right now. They want to make sure that they're getting the best. And so, that they can make decisions with respect to how they move their business going forward and they're looking to us to provide a solution. And if we can't do that, they'll look for other solutions and that's no different than it's been 25 years ago. And we just have to stay ahead of the curve. And I know, our competitors whether it be the tech companies or consulting companies, are trying to have inroads in there, in addition to clients taking it in-house, but if you – I talked about this in Cannes, the creativity part of this is something that I think we can't lose sight of. And that is we do have that secret sauce as I put it, in terms of bringing that creative aspect, for all of these different tools and resources and we're the ones who are going to provide that, because this is where the talent wants to be. To work with these clients, whether they be global clients or domestic clients, these creative people are looking to do that, and we provide that, it's very difficult for these tech companies or consulting companies to recruit and retain the talent that we have in the organization. If you just look at McCann and FCB in terms of – as well as the rest of our businesses, but when you look at a Rob Reilly or a Susan Credle or any of the other creative people we have within our organization, those talented people are looking to our industry to use their talent and it's tough to get those kind of people and keep them engaged the way we do. So, I think that the demise of our business is not something that's going to happen and it's just, we just have to remain on our toes to make sure that we continue to invest in people, leverage our creativity expertise, and make sure we have the tools and resources to help our clients.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah, in general, we use 3.5%. And in this quarter, you're right, we had to catch up, and the reason we had to catch up is not so much is the forecast, but our results indicate an improvement that requires us – of course, a lot of – our incentive comp is based on – a significant part is based on performance, which is what – is where it should be. So, there's a correlation between our performance and our incentive accrual, right.
Michael I. Roth: You know, the right leverage is always a function of the macroeconomics. We want to make sure that we're well positioned for any surprises that may be out there. Frankly, we learned this the hard way 10 years ago, and we've worked very hard, and thank you for acknowledging, to get the investment grade. I guess on a pure numbers basis, you can look at our leverage and see that we're probably under-levered. And, especially with the investment grade, I know the next part of your question is, are we going to be putting in a commercial paper program and use some of our excess cash? We're managing our cash flow, our treasury department, financial – Frank and his organization, we look at this very carefully. And frankly, if the opportunity is out there for us to put in a commercial paper program and it's beneficial to us, we will do that. And that should free up some opportunity for us to look at return to shareholders, whether it be in the form of dividends or buybacks. We still have plenty left in our buyback authorization, we have over $300 million left, and we intend to use that. And so, I like the position we're in right now from a financial order (50:27) position. And as we get stronger on the macroeconomic environment, then we'll look at the appropriate leverage, and I think that's what we've done for years, and that's the way it should be right now. A knee jerk reaction to put on a large amount of debt to buy back shares, for example, which a number of people would argue, I think is a short-term play versus a long-term play. But we do look at this, and it's incumbent upon us to review those transactions with our board, which we do, and we'll make a call between buybacks, using our leverage, and dividend distribution. I mean, that's what we owe to our shareholders, and that's how we view it.
Michael I. Roth: I thought you would have noticed that much of my script was focusing on our digital capability. Frankly, I don't think we get credit for the strength of our digital offering. So that's why we spent so much time in our comments to show our strength in digital. You're asking me, which of my children do I like better? I think what our results show, is that we have strong offerings across the board. And our global networks, McCann obviously, is on the front foot and doing very well. FCB, Mullen Lowe, these are very powerful networks on a global basis. And we're seeing the results of investments we've made, restructurings that we've done, particularly, for example, Mullen Lowe, we brought in new talent at McCann and FCB. And I think- I don't think, I know we're seeing the results of that. I think McCann is a perfect example, in terms of Harris and his entire team, and the people that he'd been able to bring in to McCann, we're seeing results. And so, that is a very competitive offering in the marketplace, and that's certainly, along with FCB and Lowe – Mullen Lowe, excuse me – contributing to the growth that we're seeing and yeah, in a way, we're taking market share. That doesn't mean that our digital offerings, the R/GAs, the Huge, the Profero, the MRMs, all these – we have some silo digital offerings that are, frankly, double-digit growth. So they're helping us a lot. Our marketing services, Weber Shandwick or Golin, are taking market share. I don't think there's any question that we're seeing that, and media is a strong performer for us, and we're very comfortable – we made some personnel changes in media. I think Henry's putting together a great team. He has extensive experience in media, and it's helping us in these pitches that we're involved in now. I'm feeling pretty positive about where we stand in these pitches that are out there. As I said, we're defending clients that we have the long-standing relationship, I'm comfortable with that. And in those situations, where we're new to the block, we hope to pick up some additional revenue. So, I think it's all of the above is why we're performing, and frankly, that's why investors should be looking at us. It's not just one trick pony, it's not an overweight in one particular area, whether it be media or , and on a global basis, we're well distributed in terms of our sources of revenue. So, if you put it altogether, you'll end up with an organic growth that we have and that's what makes a competitive organization, and frankly, that's why we're feeling good about this particular result that we're showing, because it's across the board, it's not just one particular network or organization or discipline that's contributing to it.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah I mean last year, I think last quarter we were up 7% and before that we were up double digits, so – there is a relative strong comp in Brazil in particular but – look there's no question that there's a pullback in Brazil. I mean the huge growth that we've seen across the board is just not there, so, we're concerned about it. Of course, we had a particular issue in Brazil, that we had to deal with, so I'm not going to bury your head to it, and frankly, we will be able to put that behind us and we feel we have – we certainly have that fenced it right now, but it's a market that is going through a lot of changes down there. And so, we're cautious about it. Fortunately, in LatAm, we're seeing strength in Mexico, and Argentina, so that offsetting some of the weakness we're seeing in Brazil and so for the full year – although, we're down in the quarter, we're relatively flat. We hope for the full year. And I think that really reflects what we're seeing in the macroeconomic environment. Of course coming into next year we hope to see a pickup in Brazil, because we do have events coming there. And hopefully particularly with our marketing service businesses, we can provide some kick to the organic side of the business, but it's a concern. The other side of it is of course, it's not a major part of our business, and that's one of the benefits of our global footprint.
Michael I. Roth: Well, I thank you all for your support. All you can tell, we're delighted with our results, but we're certainly not raising any flags. We have a lot of work ahead of us, and we'll now go back to putting our heads down and delivering. Thank you very much for your support.
Peter C. Stabler: An industry question for Michael, as you're no doubt aware there's a narrative out there around intermediation, it's been out there for 20 years, right.
Peter C. Stabler: If you were a company (41:59) 10 years ago, we're going to take all your business, five years ago...
Peter C. Stabler: ...it was going to be crowdsourcing and YouTube videos and today's flavor seems to be technology and in-housing of programmatic and other activities enabling marketers to more cheaply and efficiently produce assets and promote those assets without the help of the agencies. So I guess, I'm just wondering if you step back and think broadly about the share of marketing services that is going to agency holding companies. Do you think it is materially different today than it was five years or 10 years ago and if you look out over the next couple years, are there things that concern you in terms of looming threats or new competitors et cetera. Thanks very much.
