Alexia Quadrani: Hi. Thank you. Thank you. So you gave some great color in terms of where you're really standing out at IPG in terms of seeing this outsize revenue growth, and obviously the revenue growth has been sort of industry leading for a while. I guess, my question really is when you look at the overall growth that you've been seeing as a company, how much of this sort of outperformance do you think is due to the fact that you have leaned into areas and made investments in like Acxiom, which clearly and examples you gave made a difference in terms of winning incremental business, or how much do you think, again, sort of high level is just you're just positioned very well for the recovery, given your exposure to healthcare and such. Thank you.
Alexia Quadrani: I guess, put a different way. Do you think your sort of elevated growth rates that you been seeing to a certain degree it's sustainable. Maybe not to this level, given the where you're on the recovery, but you do sort of envision it's possible that IPG has an elevated growth rate, organic growth versus what it did sort of pre-pandemic, given all the changes in your positioning. And maybe that's a better way to ask the question.
Alexia Quadrani: And then maybe just a quick follow-up for Ellen on profitability. Any high-level comments you can give us in terms of how we should think about next year? I know you've mentioned that the costs haven't kept up with the revenue growth. So I assume that you could potentially see some contraction next year as things normalize, but any other sort of puts and takes we should be thinking about for profitability in 2022.
Philippe Krakowsky: No worries. Good morning, Alexia. Look, I think it's obviously difficult to tell you the fact what is behind some of the performance that our competitors are posting. And I also don't know that I would separate healthcare, given that there was a moment in time when it was not the scale business that it is for us. And that a lot of what drives success in that business is analogous to what we've been doing across the portfolio, which is to say, can you help clients with a broader range of problems? Can you give them more accountability and more clarity around when they're making investments or when they're putting a message out into the marketplace, who it is that you're trying to reach and how precisely it is that you're trying to impact that potential consumer or that audience. So, I think it's hard for me to pull it apart at a break it out for you. I mean, I think it's fair to say that we do consistently call out for you that whether it's media, data and technology, whether it is the healthcare space, our digital agencies, those are all clearly areas of strength for us and drivers of that multiyear. Now, if you look at the compounded change, we're clearly feeling like we are leaning into where there's demand and where there's opportunity in the space. The other thing that I think makes it difficult to answer the question is that we think of it as an integrated home. And so, obviously, you can make the case to a client and you can prove the case to a client far more effectively. If you've got a solution that encompasses, as much of the ecosystem as possible, so that you're able to help them at every level in the funnel at every level, in the process, whether you're using that data to come up with the insights that will then inform the messaging or the plans that inform the distribution of that message, or then picking up on those signals, pulling them back in and having them continue to sort of feed that loop. So, I think to our mind, clearly the performance is indicative of the fact that some of the decisions we've made going back now strategically were the right ones, but it's still very much work in progress. And to my mind, there's a lot of opportunity ahead, but I think we could do better in both pulling that together and continuing to demonstrate that it works. But I can't tell you -- I can only tell you that in our world, that's what we're seeing get traction.
Philippe Krakowsky: No. No. That's a very fair question. It's very fair question as well. I think that to our mind, the industry is clearly undergoing transformation. There's an evolution that's taking place here. It's probably challenging to tell you again, given how much of people there's been both last year and this year, when or at what that level that will be established, but that's clearly the aspiration, whether it's by doing what we've done, which is to build out these incremental capabilities to combine them in a way where you've got the marketing services component and then the data and technology component, which inform one another. And then ultimately, as you also know, we're thinking that this approach should open new revenue streams and new commercial models to us, which again, we believe would go to the point that you're asking. So that's definitely where we're looking to get to.
Philippe Krakowsky: Alexia, I would just add one thing, which is, I think we closed if I recall correctly, our last call on a question that was actually pretty much on this very topic. So I think I'd say we're pleased that we're making it necessary for the question to be asked again. And as Ellen says, I think we're comfortable that we see continued upside margin opportunity for the business going forward on a multiyear basis.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, it's a very broad question. Well, look, I mean, I think that the kinds of questions and issues that need to be solved if you're running a business today and you’re looking to achieve whatever your goals are imply that you're looking for partners that can help you address kind of a range of things that are sort of digital economy related. So whether that is your own business transformation, whether that is your data strategy at the enterprise level, and then ultimately how you're going to take increasingly your own first party data and put it to use so that you are either I think increasingly being more effective with your investment, but also more efficient. And then lastly, how you show up and how you go kind of direct to the consumer and therefore, e-commerce very, very broadly construed, right? Because I think that so much of what's happening now and e-commerce is happening in -- on owned platforms and channels that companies and marketers own, it's clearly going to be happening in areas that go sort of from the ad tech world where we've generally or largely been focused as an industry for a number of years MarTech. But it'll -- whether it's in the app world and the gaming world, et cetera. So I think that, it's both a fairly broad playing field. You've got some -- maybe smaller entities with deep specialization in some of those areas. It's interesting from where we sit, because we think it creates a broader kind of addressable marketplace. And if you look at our immediate competitive set, I mean, I think they're clearly looking at and thinking about sitting where they are in with a portfolio they have, how do they approach these things. In terms of the bigger or the broader competitive set, you see some activity, but I think the headlines are ahead of the reality there. And then I think you need to figure out ways to partner up, particularly kind of in the data and the tech world, because I think that as everything changes there, there's going to need to be -- universal identifiers is going to need to be kind of ways to -- privacy compliant way, engage with consumers and help again clients go to market. And so that will clearly imply being able to work with the folks who are solving for that, whether it's from a measurement point of view or from an activation point of view. So, I don't know that I'm seeing anything that we think is unexpected. I think probably if anything, the pandemic has probably moved us forward faster along this track. But it's a direction or an avenue that we were heading down anyway.
Philippe Krakowsky: All right. Am I going first? Okay. I think we're pleased with the way that the three years have gone. I think that the integration went exceptionally well, and that was clearly a focus of ours and particularly important when you consider that what Acxiom brought to us, was a level of credibility and trust when it comes to sizable marketing and client organizations saying, okay, as a -- as a holder of our first party data, you can do that in a way that we know scaled is secure, et cetera. So I think that that was clearly an important area of focus. I think that you then heard from us and we have leaned into ensuring that the connectivity there with media, which was the most obvious adjacency in the place where we'd been building, whether it was our own stack, pre-Acxiom, with Acxiom as a foundational piece of it, or whether it was the activation piece cadre on, which is now Matterkind addressable across all channels. But now we're definitely seeing Acxiom pretty consistently across the board. We're focused on what we can do there in the healthcare space. We think there's a lot of opportunity there. We definitely have it baked into, as you know, we've called out, anything that involves a scale opportunity that is complex or multi-agency with a client, a lot of -- anything that's a top 20 IPG client. I think if anything, the thing that's been holding us back is likely that during the pandemic virtual has, I think, been a bit of a break on not specific or only in this space, but I think that innovation internally is harder to do when people are not together. And so, it's definitely the case that I think that whatever the next-generation product-wise is, or the ways in which we can be even tighter and quicker on the integration is a place that I think we'll be focused on. But I think it'll unlock in large part because our teams are going to be able to be together. We had a product roadmap offsite with Acxiom/Kinesso leadership for a day and a half. And that was much more productive. It was about a month and a half ago that we would have been otherwise. So, I think, all-in, plenty to do and still lots of upside, but I think that we're pleased with where we are on that.
Philippe Krakowsky: Yeah. Based marketing would clearly be something that would call to clients if we get to a point where they're thinking hard about where and how to invest.
Philippe Krakowsky: That is a big question. I think it's an interesting question, but I think that we don't look at the year on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So I would ask that you then let me give us some broader context in answering it, right? I think that the variability that we see in the business on a quarter-to-quarter basis reflects the flack that client activity has to do with their needs and their competitive situation, and then also with a macro. And so, we've always framed up our expectations and we manage the business in terms of the full year, right? So, if I look at the full year with organic growth, as we've said in the range of 11%, on top of what are definitely the most challenging comps in the sector, that's a very strong result. And if I look at a two-year compound stack, if that 11% comes in that still has us at just under six, when -- without us in the mix, the industry is probably flat. I think if you get under that quarterly number and you think about the fluctuations, I think the point that you raised feels to me like it's about timing from where I sit, right? And so, Q4 last year, timing clearly favors Q4. Whether that's, as you know, obscured somewhat by the recessionary environment that we were navigating at that point. So, you had pullbacks early in the pandemic, then our clients get their bearings. They figure out how to go virtual. They lean into a lot of what we've been talking about digital e-comm. And so there's pent-up demand that clearly benefited Q4 from where we were sitting. We saw it in digital media spend very strong, spend in the retail category. There was a lot of COVID related government communications work, which thankfully is going -- hopefully be a little less necessary now, and this year we've seen this marked acceleration in Q2 and Q3. And I think that reflects, at the macro level, the progress that's been made broadly on public health and the fact that economic activity is up, but also the acceleration of the digital behaviors, which IPG has been anticipating for many years with strategic actions. And so those two quarters have been very, very strong. And so going into Q4, I'd say to you that what we're seeing is, tone of the business is solid, where net new business positive, but delta has definitely created some uncertainty at the macro level. The pent-up demand, that was a plus in Q4, isn't necessarily there. And so, that's where -- as I said to you, we look at the year, we feel very comfortable with a year. We look at the two-year stack, we think that that is very strong as well. And so, to my mind, I don't see it -- as you, I don't read it the way that you do. I think that when you then -- when we have a discussion about what 2022 looks like, then we have the question that you put out there.
Philippe Krakowsky: We're giving you our best line of sight into where the business is today and how we think we're going to finish the year. If what you just suggest is conceivable, then I think you will see further margin upside, but I don't know that it's constructive to sort of speculate on what that could be. And again, to Alexia's question at the outset, we feel good about our long-term margin expansion case and we've proven it, and we think it will prove out. But I don't know that I can speculate on that one. I don't think -- I don't know that it -- it's -- as I said, I don't see it as constructive.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Su. Well, again, just we appreciate the time and the interest and the continued support, and we will get back to work and focus on the fourth quarter. Thank you. And I hope everybody's staying safe and well.
Ellen Johnson: Good morning Alexia and thank you for the question. As far as the margin goes, I mean, I would -- for 2022, as we typically do, we'll give you our view in February, but I think it's really important to look at the fact that we have been able to expand our margin, as well as we have to date. And we believe that we have long-term margin expansion capability. I mean, I go back to 2019 pre-pandemic and if you look at our margin, then it was about 14%. Last year we -- was our intention to emerge a stronger company. As everyone knows, we did a restructuring and committed to $160 million of savings or about 180, 190 basis points of 2019 revenue. We're seeing that savings, which makes us feel really good. Also I point to we've had a consistent algorithm of being able to convert revenue growth to profitability, and we expect that will continue. As you pointed out this year and as I mentioned in my remarks, hiring is lagging revenue growth and that's not unusual in a period of time like this. But also our temp comp as a result is running high. And because of our very strong performance and targets that we set in the very beginning of the year, incentive comp is also running at very high levels, which will reset at the end of this year, in the beginning of next year. So despite whether or not we have a difficult comp in the short term in 2022, we fully believe we have more room to expand our margins going forward in the long-term.
Ellen Johnson: Good morning. We're tracking well. I think you see it coming through our numbers. I think you see the leverage that we're getting from. So, we're absolutely on target and on plan with that. We have a lot of them already subleased and a few more to come, but we're feeling really good about it.
Ellen Johnson: Okay. As far as inflation, we're not seeing materially higher broad-based inflation in our numbers to-date. But we're seeing what everyone else is seeing. The talent market clearly has become more competitive and attrition is higher post the pandemic. We went through a period of time or no one left. So you're seeing, I think, a two year attrition rate this year. And as a result, specifically because we're growing so fast, our hiring is not kept up. So what we're focused on is really innovating our recruitment techniques. We're doing all kinds of different things on that front, including talent referral bonuses, looking for different places for our workforce, including bringing working moms maybe back into the workforce. We're also trying to create opportunities for our people by creating promotion opportunities. And it's not all about the compensation, although we do pay people competitively. It's also really about the quality of the work environment that you provide, training and development, your values that you stand for as a company, including DE&I and ESG. So we're really focused on all of those things. One other thing I would point out is that our company typically, or industry benefits from higher level of economic activity. So that could actually turn out to be a positive from a revenue perspective. And I think it's also important to note that we aren't investing in some of these more innovative ways of solving higher order client problems for our clients. So whether it's digital transformation or getting, as Philippe said, direct to consumer e-commerce, we think all those things will do well in this environment as well.
Julien Roch: My first question is on the full year guidance and the two-year stack. So if I look at your full year guidance where you guiding to 11% for the full year versus 2020, that is 8% in Q4. So that means that on a two-year stack, you would grow an 11% growth in Q3 to a 3% growth in Q4, which is an eight point slowdown. If you look at Omnicom guidance, their guidance lead them to go from minus two to minus five, a three point slowdown and Publicis guidance is them to go from plus five to plus two, a three point slowdown, again all against 2019. So you, eight point slowdown, Omnicom and Publicis three points slowdown. Why are you the most conservative when you are the best-in-class? Should you slow less than them? Is my first question.
Julien Roch: No. I -- thank you for that. I understand your answer, but at the same time, both Omnicom and Publicis must feel the same thing as you in terms of the phasing and client going back early in Q2 and Q3 being strong. It's just that you have a far bigger slowdown than they accounting for, but fair enough.
Julien Roch: Yeah. No. Sure. And then, the next one, because I know we're running out of time, is on margin. So you went from initial 15.5 to 16 to now 16.8. So what's -- what is the best margin you could do this if organic is better than expected in Q4. So, for instance, if Omnicom and Publicis are right and you're wrong. And so the slowdown is three points, not eight points. And instead of doing 8% in Q4, you do 13%, what's the maximum margin we can dream about this year. Can we -- 17% for sure. But 17.5%. I mean, what's the best outcome.
Julien Roch: Okay. Fair enough. Well, thank you very much for your answers and looking forward to you beating guidance when you report Q4.
