Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the first quarter. As usual, I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance, and Frank will then provide additional details and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to followed by our Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of strong financial performance. The organic growth of net revenue was 6.4% in the quarter that's on top of 3.6% a year ago, and brings organic growth over the trailing 12 months to 6.2%. These continue to be outstanding results, especially when compared to our peers. In the U.S. organic growth was 5.7% and international growth was 7.7%. We again grew organically in every region of the world propelled by very broad participation across disciplines and client sectors. In our integrated agency network segment, we achieved 7.4% organic growth in the quarter, with outstanding performance at Mediabrands, and FCBHealth along with notable contributions from the McCann Worldgroup, Deutsch and MullenLowe. Our CMG segment grew 1.9% organically, which was led by another very strong advance in public relations and Weber Shandwick. Among clients sectors globally, we saw strong growth across healthcare, industrials, consumer goods, financial services and retail. The total growth of our net revenue was 13% in the quarter. That reflects our strong organic increase, as well as the revenue of Acxiom, which is not yet included in our calculation of organic growth. We continue to be pleased with Acxiom performance, which is on track with our expectations. Total net revenue growth also reflects some year-over-year drag from the impact of currency changes. And apart from Acxiom, the net disposition of certain small businesses. Turning to adjusted EBITDA and operating income, first quarter adjusted EBITDA was $103.6 million, which excludes the restructuring charge of approximately $32 million that we mentioned to you we'd be taking during February's conference call. While operating income was $50.2 million. Our adjusted EBITDA margin as a percent of net revenue increased 270 basis points to 5.2% compared with 2.5% in Q1 2018. First quarter diluted loss per share was $0.02, and was positive $0.11 as adjusted for the charge. The amortization of acquired intangibles and below EBITDA net losses from the disposition of small, non-strategic agencies in the quarter. Adjusted EPS of $0.11 compares to $0.04 a year ago. During the quarter and as we announced in February, we increased our common share dividend by 12% to $0.235 per share, marking our seventh consecutive year of higher dividends. While Q1 is our smallest seasonal quarter, our year is off to a very solid start. The results we're reporting this morning continue to demonstrate the many strengths of our company led by our client centric integrated offerings and the quality of our people. It's another quarter of organic growth atop our industry, the position we've held now for some time. As such, this first quarter continues to underscore the quality of our talent and the successful evolution of our offerings, amid significant change in the environment in which we operate. All of our people can take pride in these accomplishments. The great work they do every day on behalf of our clients is what drives such winning results for clients and for our shareholders. With these results, we continue to be comfortable with the financial targets for the full year that we recently shared with you, 2% to 3% organic growth, and 40 to 50 basis points of improvement to adjusted EBITDA margin. As always, we will update our outlook as the year progresses in our second quarter call. On that note, it is my pleasure to turn things over to Frank, for additional detail on our performance, and I'll return with an update and highlights of our business.
Michael Roth: Well, there's nothing wrong with having new business tailwinds. And certainly the fact that we came into the year with new business on the box and we've actually had a good first quarter in terms of new business add that helps. And that's the solid sign of our tone. I think, we said this now we've outperformed now for like five years, something like that. And I think it really goes through our strategy and our core competencies, we really - the notion of open architecture, the notion of having strong brands that we bring to the table to focus on the client's needs, and we have the resources and talent to meet those needs. I think we're seeing that in our results. I've attended a number of these top to top meetings with the senior management CEOs of our clients and we're sitting in a room with media, with FCB and McCann with Weber, we're all sitting in the same room focusing on client's needs. I mean, that that is what clients want to see from us. And if you look at our new business wins, you see that cross collaboration of our agencies coming to life. And I think clients realize that we have the resources to meet their needs. And frankly, if the agency of record is not the agency that is bringing it to them, they can look to the rest of IPG to solve their solutions. And I strongly believe that the fact that we have the talent, we have a solid organization that is stable. We continue to outperform, which is an indication that we continue to have a strong retention of our key people and we continue to invest. I think the Acxiom investment that we made is proving out, I mean, a lot of the meetings that we're having include Acxiom sitting at the table. And frankly, we really even haven't rolled out these opportunities we see with Acxiom as we said, we're going to do that later in this year. So the integration of Acxiom is going along very nicely, and it's evident in the new business and servicing our clients. So I think when you put it all together and the fact that we still maintain those brands and clients like to be dealing with brands and we continue to invest it, we didn't reposition all of our assets to do what we should be able to do just by bringing in the best of IPG and the tone reflects that.
Michael Roth: Yes. Which - I thought you were going to ask right out, why you were 2% to 3% when you have such a strong first quarter.
Michael Roth: Okay, well and look we're very transparent, we called out that we have the headwinds, I hate losing clients and we lost a number of clients at the end of the year. And as I said, we're not going to see the impact of that starting in the second quarter, but on the second half of the year, which is why the 2% to 3% - by the way, 2% to 3%, still is on the high end of our sector, and that builds into the loss of those clients. We do a bottoms up for the full year when we put out that number. So the loss of those clients are reflected in our forecast. And we're still forecasting numbers that are better than the sector. So I think it goes to the confidence we have in our people and our agencies. And yes, I mean, that's why we've kept it at 2% to 3%. Now, hopefully, when we get to the second quarter, we're going to take another hard look at that, and see how the new business wins are coming on board and how we're performing and we'll take another look at that number. But that's the reason we haven't adjusted 2% to 3% and I think it's a smart thing to do given that we haven't yet seen the impact of those client losses.
Michael Roth: Yes, look, I mean, when we brought Acxiom frankly the good news is when we bought Acxiom we had choices right, there were other assets out there and we chose the asset that we felt best provided us from a cultural fit, as well as the capabilities that we see that we need. And so we continue to believe that we were fortunate to be able to pick up Acxiom. And yes, I think we've been looking at data as a critical piece of the future facing IPG for a number of years now. And what's great about Acxiom for us is that we were already working with Acxiom. So the culture fit was clear to us. We looked at the issue of integration. Unfortunately in our industry integration is not exactly the strongest suite as proved by some of the transactions that are out there. So what we like about Acxiom is the fact that we believe and it's working out that way that the integration of Acxiom with us is going to be smooth, look, it's not without bumps, but it's smooth because we know them, they fit culturally, we're not duplicating assets within IPG that we have to worry about as some of these other transactions may indicate. They have the core competencies that we were looking for, we view data management as a critical piece of the future part of our business and Acxiom is the leader in data management. We felt that privacy in GDPR was a critical component and Acxiom is rated five start Forester the other offerings that are out there are not. The issue of LiveRamp was one of the questions and we felt that LiveRamp raised some potential issues on conflict and so what we did was, we have a choice. We have a long-term agreement with LiveRamp, which we continue to use, but if our clients want to use another offering, we're comfortable doing that and plugging it in where some of these other transactions, it's part of their core competency. So, I think, there is an inherent issue of conflict going forward and the key to a lot of these transactions is a smooth integration. And we believe that Acxiom for us gives us a competitive advantage on the integration and the core offerings that they have going forward. And frankly time will tell. We're very comfortable with our competitive position clearly in the integrated offering and our results reflect this. And when you add the Acxiom capabilities to best-in-class offerings that we have, we're very comfortable with our competitive position. Even with the transactions that are out there.
Michael Roth: Yes, we said at that outset that we don't want - the worst thing you can do, because we feel the opportunities with Acxiom is so great is to inundate them with opportunities and basically really confuse and stretch the people and the integration. So we chose intentionally just try it on the medial side. And as I indicated in my remarks we don't - it's not until the latter part of this year that the new products that we were looking at that Acxiom in our media offerings are looking at are not going to be rolled out. So, yes, we do believe that creative and our other offerings even PR have a tremendous opportunity using the capabilities of Acxiom. But we haven't really rolled it out but that doesn't mean we haven't had our clients meet with Acxiom. So what we are doing, in fact, if you look at some of the new wins that we've had Acxiom had a seat at the table. And I wouldn't tell you that it was a critical piece, although we did win some big media business where Acxiom arguably had a critical piece in the win. But as far as the integration of Acxiom with our other agencies, the mere fact that they're sitting at the table, and it's an interesting offering, that clients are really interested in learning about, helped us in the wins. But I'm not going to tell you that that was the critical linchpin in the wind, but let's face it. When you sit at a table and you have the creative capability we have, we have the PR capability, we have the experiential sports and now we have data capability, all sitting in the room, addressing the questions of our clients. It's the holy grail of our business. So - which is why we're so excited about it.
Michael Roth: All of that Dan. Okay. First of all, yes, it's in line. I mean, it's hard to forecast the 6% organic growth, but we know the first quarter was going to be solid. I kid you if I can tell you, we forecasted it to be 6%. But I think it is consistent with a roll up of all of our agencies. So that part of it is true. Look, the consultants are out there, and again, I'll say, we are just in our business reviews, and actually we're doing our talent reviews right now. We haven't seen a lot of our fees were competing with Accenture. Now, that doesn't mean we're not competing with them. They're already at our clients, which is the - that's the hidden competition that's there. And sometimes there's businesses that they just give to the consultants that they're not giving to us. And that's why part of our business strategy, for example, in Huge and RGA and some of our other agencies, we have business transformation as an expertise that we can bring into our clients itself. In fact, this morning, we're going to be meeting with one of our top clients where RGA has put forth a business transformation case study for them that they're very excited about. And clearly that's the area that we compete with the consultants and it proves that we can compete with them very well. So, yes, they're a force. We've been competing with them now for a while now, it's not news. So the fact that we continue to outperform is an indication that when we go up against them, we do fairly well. But it's those pitches that we don't really get to see that I think when you hear them talking about their growth in their businesses that's there. And we're trying to get at that by expanding our business transformation expertise within our agencies. The fact that they acquired Droga. Look, we compete with Accenture, we compete with Droga. In fact, the win that McCann just had at ADT, Droga was one of the competitors that they won. I told you guys, I'll get to that. So, we're going to compete with them. Now one of the issues of these consulting firms is they are silos, they make our silos look like cakewalk. And the ability for an Accenture to integrate Droga is going to be interesting to watch. Frankly, Droga was with another organization before that, and I don't think there was a lot of integration going on there. So, this will be - they're a formidable agency and we'll continue to compete against them and will continue to compete against Accenture. But the difference is, we have the capabilities and now with the data and with the business transformation consultants that we have in-house, I think we're more formidable for them now. And that's our strategy, how we're going to deal with them. It's part of the business and what's interesting is everything you're seeing happening there is kind of copying our game plan. So, I guess, that's an indication that what we're doing is going pretty well. Our balance sheet - I mean, we committed to the rating agencies that we're going to be out in the market, we're making progress on those numbers. And as soon as we feel comfortable with the rating agencies, we'll return to buying back shares. In the meantime, we increased our dividend, we understand the importance of buybacks to total shareholder return. We've returned $4 billion to shareholders, including dividends and buybacks, and that's part of our game plan moving forward. Whether it's going to be x date or another, I can't give you an answer to that. But it is on our game plan to get back into the market with those options.
Michael Roth: By the way, I'm sorry, your questions, I didn't get to all your questions, they were kind of garbled, I'll try to guess what you said. Look, when we looked at Acxiom, they have a first party data management business that's 70% of their business, okay. And that's a core business that we like, that's a core business that's going to grow. And if you look at the reach of that business and the client base that they have, they do 50 of the top 100 companies. So that is a key driver in acquiring Acxiom. Third-party data is always going to be an issue. And there were plenty of outlets for third-party data and obviously, Acxiom has capabilities in those areas. But as I said before, we - that doesn't mean we're wedded to one particular source of that and we continue to have use other third-party data. But I think the core competency of Acxiom in terms of first party data and managing that data is a critical reason for the transaction. And the use of third-party data is inherent in our business and it will continue to be a key part of it and Acxiom will play an important role of it. So I think all of that is true. And on the GDPR, we're just beginning to see that happening in the United States. And as you know, we're all pushing for uniform legislation. What a nightmare it would be, if we have state by state GDPR. But the fact that Acxiom is the recognized leader in this, and we have experience with it is another core competency that Acxiom brings to the table that we will certainly leverage as we move forward.
Michael Roth: Well, I will tell you that five years ago, all the holding companies were similar, right. And it was appropriate to look at when one holding company perform one way, you would expect the other companies to do the same. I think right now, you're actually seeing a disparity in the go to market strategies in the assets within the holding company for the first time. And Acxiom as part of our portfolio is one of the drivers that distinguishes us from our competitors. The fact that they're out there, Merkel actually to be truthful, Merkel was a transaction that occurred before Acxiom, we did look at Merkel, I will tell you that and it's a good asset. But the fact that [indiscernible] had Merkel now for a while, and we've been competing against them, or actually we're competing against them before we had Acxiom and we did okay. So with Acxiom, we're pretty confident that we can continue to do well from a competitive set. What happens with Epsilon and Publicis, this isn't an easy thing to do integrate, and I think the history of integration there hasn't been exactly stellar. So, we'll deal with them in the marketplace. And I think, certainly, it's an attempt by them to be more in line with ourselves and others in our industry. So yes, it's capabilities when you're successful everyone wants to have similar capabilities. So, yes, I think the answer is there is a convergence, but we have a good head start. And even when we're competing head-to-head, I think our results indicated that our assets are better than the others.
Michael Roth: My guess would be, now that you see these transaction in these data companies, there'll be startups that are focusing on holes within those assets. And then, you'll see acquisitions going on within that space. So there's always going to be a bigger boat, or a new offering, that we will be opportunistic in the marketplace. Right now, these are the players that are out there. And we're very happy with our positioning in that market. But we are - we do believe that there'll be other offerings out there as the market evolves. So, yes, I mean if you look at our industry right now, five years ago, it was a totally different environment. So the reason we bought Acxiom is because five years from now, we want to still be relevant and competitive.
Michael Roth: Yes, I know. It's a fair question, actually 26% of our business is in healthcare. And by the way, McCann Health is a global health care provider, we need to exclude them, I said we had healthcare assets within IPG and McCann Health is certainly a key part of that. And yes, I think that's where the action is right now. Frankly, if you look at where a lot of the media bodies are right now, a lot of the media spend is in the healthcare side of the business. What we do what always impresses me about our healthcare offerings is the depth of our expertise in terms of - it's actually experts, and it goes to the pharma side of the business and capabilities by drugs. And we have the ability to fill teams that know that specific disease, and we have doctors and we have experts within it communicating with the doctors themselves in terms of how you - how these particular drugs are used, and when is it appropriate. So the depth of our expertise within IPG and healthcare is just amazing. And like I said, when you use open architecture, we can actually pick the right agency by disease. So one of the tops that I was sitting at was a healthcare client. And we had FCB Health and we had McCann Health sitting in the room because each of them have a different expertise that the clients want to tap into. I mean, that's the most powerful offering you can have. So I think it's not by accident that we're seeing growth, because candidly, we have that kind of capabilities. And it's, the creative part of it, it's the data part of it. We have unique data with respect to healthcare, and we have all these tools and resources that are just amazing. And when you see it come to life in these meetings with their clients, you feel good and you understand why not only is it 26% of our business is growing double-digits. So that's a pretty good combination to have in this environment. Now, that said, I remember when healthcare was not growing double-digits when a lot of the products were coming off of patent and the generics were there. So right now, there's a healthy pipeline of new drugs and we're a very competitive force in that marketplace. And I like our positioning in it for sure.
Michael Roth: I can't talk about our competitors, but I can tell you our capabilities. And we've been through it in Europe. We came through it very well. We didn't see any hiccups on GDPR, we saw actually there were more opt ins than opt outs. So everything was handled pretty smoothly. And that gives us a high level of comfort that when it gets launched in the United States, our capabilities are going to stand out again. And frankly, that's why Forrester has us rated as hot. Look, the key to this is trust. And it's very important when clients turn over their data or work with their data, that they do it with an organization that has that kind of reputation of trust and has the experience and that's what we liked about Acxiom, the longevity of the relationship with the clients is amazing. Their view of the client surveys on their capabilities have been very impressive. And even when we did our due diligence on buying Acxiom, they were onboarding a new client and the feedback we got from that particular client on onboarding versus where they were was pretty impressive. So I'm very comfortable that whatever comes out in GDPR in U.S., we have the assets that will be very competitive and solve our client's needs.
Michael Roth: Well, I thank you all for your participation. As I said, this is the first quarter it's better to start the first quarter with these results than other results. And I look forward to talking to you with our second quarter results. Thank you for your support.
