Philippe Krakowsky: Thanks, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. As always, I'll start with a high level view of our performance in the quarter. Ellen will then provide additional details, and I'll conclude with updates on key developments at our agencies to be followed by Q&A. I'd like to begin once again by thanking our 53,000 fellow employees around the world for the professionalism and dedication that continue to see us through the many challenges of COVID. These include the transition to work from home, and now are planning for return to office in many parts of the world, as well as the significant personal difficulties presented by the long course of the pandemic. It's due to the efforts of our people, their commitment to their craft, our clients and to each other that we can share with you today these very strong results. Performance that demonstrates our resilience represents a remarkable rebound from the impact of the pandemic, and is also the largest second quarter in our company's history. Our strong results in the quarter build on IPG's consistent record of industry outperformance and margin expansion. Our growth across regions, disciplines and client sectors speaks to more than a recovering global economy. It underscores the elevated value that marketing and media partners can deliver in the integration of creativity, technology and data at scale made the significantly increased velocity of digital transformation. At Interpublic, we're confident that we are attuned to the powerful currents that are transforming consumer behavior and are required for business relevance. And then we are increasingly delivering differentiated and higher-end solutions that help our clients win in a world of accelerated technological and societal change. That takes creativity and precision, data and accountability, all of which we're able to bring together in customized teams that drive talent from across our portfolio. Ultimately, our growth speaks to our ability to drive outstanding business results for our clients.
Philippe Krakowsky: Hi Alexia. Look, I mean, I think, those are terrific questions or things we obviously think about. And so, if I were to track the progression for you, what I'd say to you is if you think back to what we talked about last time we were all together from February to April, we clearly saw improvement in the broader economic environment, but also in the tone of what I guess I'd call client sentiment, right. And so, as we went through the quarter, that trend was clearly continuing to build over the course of the second quarter, right. And so, as we think about it, is it a question of surprise, I mean, I think, we said to you, we felt confident in our offerings, specifically, in ways we can help clients to stand apart and to succeed in a digital-first kind of economy. So now that growth is available, we are obviously pleased to see that we're capitalizing on the environment. So, you start breaking down the results, and what do you see, you see, whether it's geographies or practice areas, content creation, creativity, data and tech, it was very, very widely spread. And so Matterkind addressable media growing, a very, very strong grower for us. Healthcare continued to be an area where we're seeing really, really good results. And then perhaps, if you are bracketing it, having decreased by north of 30% in light of the pandemic, we clearly have experiential and events, showing a real recovery, though they are not all the way back, right. Month-to-month in the quarter, we saw consistency. So, that's something where, in terms of projecting forward to, we see that as encouraging. And then as we forecast for the back half of the year, we also see that consistency, and that ratable, there isn't a moment in time, where we're expecting there to be something dramatic to get us to what we've communicated to you, which is that 9% to 10% number, right. And the one big caveat is one that applies for all of us around the world, which is just, there's a significant deterioration on the public health front. And you really get at something, because what, I think, we're seeing is we're seeing the overall environment stronger, but we're also seeing underlying factors that have to do with strategic actions we've been taking over a number of years and they are aligned with trends that have been accelerated by the pandemic, right. So, whether that is addressable media, precision in the creative that we deliver, ecommerce, those are all areas where we're strong, and we're definitely seeing growth. Hard to tell you exactly given that we don't know what some of our peers have done, and that we clearly believe that that we're taking share, as well as seeing net new opportunities, because we're building new capabilities to take us into kind of new addressable universe. And I think last, I think for us, as a management team, the strongest indicator is how relevant is an offering when you just benchmark off of the same period in 2019, and you think about the two-year stack from the Q2 2021 results, that's what's telling us competitiveness of a specific part of our space or of IPG all in a sustainable platform where we feel like that's what gives us confidence that we can grow for the balance of the year, and obviously beyond that.
Philippe Krakowsky: There is. So let me actually why don't I just talk to that at a fairly macro level and then, I think, we should get Ellen into the conversation as well. But I mean, there were a lot of moving parts in terms of what's going on with our profitability in this calendar year. But it's good to see significant strides on margin performance, like on the top line. We're very committed to the savings that we have consistently shared with you all around the restructuring. And so that's permanent annualized $160 million. We're tracking that. And we're holding ourselves and our and our operating teams accountable to that. Then there's the fact that, I think, we've got a consistent track record over time that we grow margin with revenue growth. So, there's meaningful opportunity there. And so operating leverage, I think, is a lever that stays with us into 2022 and beyond. And then lastly, as I mentioned, in the answer to your revenue question, the higher value services, and the new commercial models, I think, are also an opportunity from a margin perspective. And let's see, Ellen can pull apart all the ins and outs of this year.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look I mean, to date, we’re seeing the benefits of the progress that, any number of places around the world has seen. And then I think, as we’ve discussed previously, I think a second or third wave, or whatever it is that any country might be experiencing, is not going to necessarily be the same as the first because there is a sense that you’re still making progress toward an outcome. So you’re still either getting people vaccinated, or in the case of many of our clients, you’ve pivoted into an accelerated your ability to operate, whether it’s through e-com or other ways, in which you’re going direct to consumers, you’re clearly leaning more heavily into digital as part of your mix and transforming your business. So I think that, again, means that we don’t necessarily see that, the impact will be as significant. And then, specific to certain markets for us, as we’ve also said before, client mix can have a pretty significant impact for us on the ground in any given market, so to my mind, TBD as to whether we’re getting there on those two markets. They’re fairly modest in size for us. I think China is probably the one we focus on the most as a place where we want to be delivering for our global multinational, and we’re doing some interesting things in that market with Acxiom and some of our relationships with some of the large platforms there and what we can do with data. So still work in progress. I couldn’t put a date on that for you.
Philippe Krakowsky: All right, I let Ellen start with that piece of the question. And then whatever she’d like to, speak to on your talent question. I’ll, sort of add on.
Philippe Krakowsky: No, look I mean, there’s not a lot to add there. I think its fair question. I mean, we’re in a professional services business, we’ve always been focused on the importance of talent as a driver of, our competitive advantage, and we’ve been evolving the offering. So clearly, we’ve been dealing with the pressures of the talent market for the kind of digital, in tech talent that, has been in demand for a while, I think to Ellen’s point, some of those, turnover numbers feel as if we’ve yet to see what it normalizes out to because there, it does feel like they were lower in 2020. They’re picking up now, I think that, people were, understandably, sitting still last year, and now that the world feels like a place where you might get out and about again, you’re looking, and so it’s a topic that comes up in our conversations with the operators. We’re, keeping a close eye on it, look into how we – how do we manage it? And how do we stay ahead of it to mitigate, the impact, and we’ll keep you posted on kind of what we’re seeing, but, people come to work across our portfolio because, a range of things, that have meant that whether we were competing for talent with startups or with large tech companies for the last few years. We’ve been, fairly successful at it. So we got to just keep, to Ellen’s point, figuring out how we put, what are our advantages to work in those conversations.
Philippe Krakowsky: All right, I will take the first one. I guess we’re both to your point take the second one. We’ll say we’ll be vehemently in agreement on the second one, Ellen and I.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I think it’s any number of things which you would assume so clearly, the need to be conversant in and to put into effect programs so that you are, we call it what you will, so people call it e-com and there’s a lot going on there. I mean, socials becoming a big part of what happens somewhere in the funnel, in the middle of the funnel actually, and moving upstream in the funnel. So everybody is clearly wanting to talk about and engage in conversations around, call it digital marketing, calling e-com et cetera. Increasingly, everybody is also, we’ve had some really interesting conversations with, regional clients in the CPG space that’s, for example, you might not think of who are very, very focused, on data and on either assessing their first party data assets and understanding how they get organized so that they can begin to put them to work or if they’re further behind in terms of the readiness there, how do you take businesses that traditionally have not been particularly data-rich and begin to interact with consumers, so that you’re going to basically pull those that kind of information in, to the question Alexia asked earlier, in the experiential event space, we’re clearly seeing the need to get more digital and to use that as a way to so from to my mind, those are the two really big questions that have risen to the top of most everybody’s list, right? And then in terms of the balance sheet, question you asked us, as I said, we are committed to – we’ve returned, what is it $4.8 billion, we believe that’s a big part of our story, and how it is that we should be thinking about kind of balanced growth for the company. So we’re currently focused on that.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, and I think, there’s pent-up demand, as we were saying, John’s question around potential turnover. I think there’s pent-up demand, for travel absolutely. So I think that, you’ll see people wanting to, there’s definitely things that get done when we are working to physically together that are much harder to do remotely. And then there is growth and we want to be sure that, that’s getting staffed appropriately and that we’ve got, clients who are giving us these new remits or new net new clients to us. You’re getting the appropriate level of service in terms of the philosophical question; it’s interesting, because I don’t know that I would call it philosophy. But, as we said, the restructuring positions us well, we’ve said all along, we want to come out of the pandemic, a stronger company, and I think we’re showing that we’re well on our way there. And then you do begin to see the transformation into certain of the areas, which we think will be accretive, because they’ll take us to more performance based kinds of models and to higher value or, instances in which our IP can be licensed out or can give us access to. So I think, to my mind, it’s not philosophy because I can’t give you a tenant that says this will be good forever, I can tell you that at the moment, we see continued opportunity and upside. And therefore, whether it’s in 2022, 2023, that’s going to be what we’re making our objective to Ellen’s point, that’s also how we reward our people. And if there comes a point at which we began to believe or see that the ceiling that you mentioned is there, then as always, we’re going to be very transparent and walk you collectively through what we’re seeing and why what we believe is what we believe. But I can’t, say something now that is going to be kind of evergreen in that way because, our business is in the midst of evolving. And right now, we see opportunity.
Philippe Krakowsky: Well, look, just thank you all for the time this morning. Again, we’re looking forward to continuing the conversation. We’re hugely appreciative of, sort of, win in sales thanks to the hard work that our colleagues are doing and to our clients. And I hope everybody is staying healthy.
Ellen Johnson: Thank you. I hope that everyone is safe and healthy. I would like to join Philippe with our thanks to our people for their terrific accomplishments. As a reminder, my remarks will track to the presentation slides that accompany our webcast. Beginning on Slide 2 of the presentation, second quarter net revenue increased 22.5% from a year ago with organic growth of 19.8%. Adjusted EBITDA, before a small restructuring adjustment, was $405.8 million, and margin was 17.9%. These are levels that compare very favorably against any previous second quarter. With growth having accelerated, certain variable expenses continue to lag and we are additionally seeing the structural benefits of last year's restructuring program. Diluted earnings per share were $0.66 as reported and $0.70 as adjusted for the after-tax impact of the amortization of acquired intangibles.
Ellen Johnson: Good morning Alexia. How are you? Thank you for the question. I'll start with the actions that we took last year as part of the restructuring, and they were clearly structural and strategic, and that is why we are so confident in them and that we will realize the savings that we've committed to. So, if you break them down and you look at the fact that we took out 15% of our real estate portfolio, or that we eliminated certain regional or other layers of management to become more agile, or that we were able to nearshore or offshore certain roles, that gives us great confidence that those savings are permanent, and they will not come back with revenue growth. Turning to some of the more variable expenses, if you look at travel and meetings, they will come back. And initially they may come back pretty full as there is pent-up demand for people to get back together to get out and see clients and to see our people for training and development. Do they go back fully to pre-pandemic levels? That remains to be seen. I am hopeful that the learnings from the pandemic with using technology and really thinking carefully about the environment will help us be more efficient, and prevent them from fully going back to pre-pandemic levels. And then I would just reiterate the fact that what Philippe said is that we've demonstrated over a period of time that with revenue growth, we can expand margins. And we're incentivized to do so. Our incentives are largely based on organic revenue growth and margin improvement. And that makes me pretty optimistic.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. So starting with the question regarding our real estate savings, are largely seeing the vast majority of them this year, there will be some incremental ones next year as the remainder of the properties get subleased. But we’re seeing a good portion of them already. And they’re on track versus our plan, which is great. On the inflation question, I mean, to date, we haven’t seen generalized wage inflation, but we’re watching it closely. It is something we talked about with our operators, the talent market is competitive. And that’s not a new thing. We’ve been used to that for quite some time. And I think what you are seeing is a little bit of higher attrition. And whether that’s because people sat at home for 16 months, and now have the ability to move around. So we’re watching that closely as well. But we’re being very innovative in the way we recruit and retain talent, we’re focusing on flexibility, the quality of our return to office experience that we’re planning, training and development and, of course, diversity, equity and inclusion, which is something that we’ve been focused on for a very long time for now. With that, and I’ll that, see what Philippe.
Ellen Johnson: And I loved your reference to a pristine balance sheet. That’s something that we think is extremely important as well, including our solid investment grade ratings, but a balanced program of capital return, which includes the dividend, which we’ve grown consistently. And share repurchases has been something that we’ve always believed in. And we look forward to getting back to, as we mentioned, we are planning on paying off $500 million notes down in October of this year. And we do have a really nice maturity profile thereafter. So nothing has changed. We believe in balanced program, and we look forward to getting back to it.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. And thank you for the question. And when you comp against last year, we have to remind ourselves what was going on last year at this time. And there was everything from taking salary cuts to furloughs, to government subsidies that were comping against. There was zero travel; there was zero going back to the office. I think it’s really important that we remind ourselves that and as we mentioned, we are envisioning a second half where people are returning back to the office, to the extent we can in the safe manner, where people are beginning to travel and meet again. And, we will be salaried, and wage cuts, and that is all gone and elapsed, and we will be hiring against revenue growth. So I think those are the ins and outs, but it’s very important when you just look at the second half comp.
