Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. Well as you know, you are right in saying last year, we ended net positive with respect to the many of reviews. I think a significant part of our results is an indication that of our top 20 clients, our organic growth was close to 12%. Now that’s a significant number and it’s something that reflects what we’ve been saying now for many years. If we continue to focus on treating our existing clients was a pitch, this opportunity that meet in the market place given the talent and resources that we have and that will be continued focus on all of our organizations to treat our existing clients with that type of opportunity and commitment to meeting their needs. And if you add on top of that net new business wins from pitches obviously that gives right for our results. Now coming into the year, obviously we had some tailwinds as a result of the net new business. We see that rolling out more on the first half of the year, so let’s assume this about a 150 basis points of tailwinds coming into the first half of the year and in the back of the year that will slow down. So a combination of focusing on our existing clients and keeping the backdoor close, winning when we are involved in pitches and focusing on our work open architecture is what makes us comfortable with our forecast going in through the year.
Michael Roth: Well, you know I’ll let our results speak for the question of how all our agencies are performing. And obviously with these kinds of results we’re not relying on one particular agency. And as you know well we’re there with - from the beginning, this has been a journey in terms ore repositioning our people and our organizations. And I said this publically and privately, I’d never been more comfortable with a leadership of our organizations throughout all of our agencies and I am right now. Our most recent repositioning involve putting Mullen and low together to form the MullenLowe Group and I am very pleased with how that’s come out of the box in terms of new business wins and servicing at our existing clients. So when you combine three global networks of MullenLowe, McCann and FCB, on top of all the independent agencies we have in the U.S. you know some of them are not performing where we would like them to be and of course MullenLowe has a ways to go before they are achieving levels of McCann or SCV and frankly that’s the opportunity we have at IPG are media offerings to best in class, they are recognize obviously UM in terms of its agencies, the year awards and its positive results of new business. Weber Shandwick and Golin being the top of the charts in terms of winning and gaining market share and certainly Weber winning all the recognition awards, our sports marketing and our experiential, so I am very pleased with all of our offerings that doesn’t need to say we can’t refine that in terms of adding additional talent and go to market strategies and acquisitions. And given our financial position, we are in a position to do that. So I am feeling - where we told the team is - you know we are fighting any football, you know this is still a journey, we still have margin improvement that’s available to us and that’s what we’re focusing on, but in the meantime, I have no doubt that if there is an opportunity for us to pitch business, we will put together a world-class opportunity in team in place and we will continue to focus on our existing client base, which is among the best in the world. So other than that I am pretty - I am feeling pretty comfortable about where we stand.
Michael Roth: Yeah, I know both are fair questions. On the incentive comp, it’s a little over 4% in the first quarter and really what that is, is a long term incentive plan. Given the performance that we had in the last couple of years, and since our long term performance is based on performance operations, it’s encouraging to see that that number is higher because it’s reflective over positive results. Over the year, we still using a 3.5% number in terms of total incentive comp. So it does hit us a little stronger in the first quarter. And then of course when you compared it to light revenue in the first quarter, it magnifies the percentage of its impact. So this is a little part of a plan, this was in the surplice. We know well that we are performing well in our incentive plans. Frankly our incentive plans are working exactly as they should be. We have short term plan that focus on both agencies as well as overall performance and long term incentives that look to what we need to drive continue consistent performance across the organization. So I think just look at that as a sort of one off in the first quarter, which is actually positive result given the performance that we’ve had. Tax is a whole complicated situation. As you know we have a billion dollar greater NOL and that’s principally in Europe. In order for us to use that NOL, we have to generate income in those geographic areas. And we focus very - we have a great international tax department that focuses on optimizing utilization of the NOL which gets into of course agreements between countries in terms of allocations and so on and we try to optimize it. But when we do write-offs in foreign jurisdictions, unless there is income then we use those write-offs as against we don’t the benefit that we were looking for, we do release some results which we saw the reversals in the first quarter. So we have a 28% to 30% cash tax rate which were using which frankly is attractive versus our financial tax rate which is 37% to 39% or 40%. So we still have a difference between cash versus book. We’re very focused on utilization in the cash NOL. In the U.S, we used up our cash NOL, so what we rely on in the U.S. in U.S. tax planning. We have a great tax department that focuses on that. So I do think that that NOL is not accounted for asset on our balance sheet but we can’t benefit until we generate profitability and since Continental Europe as you know we did have positive results in Continental Europe this quarter which is as the second - at least second or third quarter in a row that we’ve positive not by a lot but at losses we’ve been having. So that’s encouraging, but I do think there are opportunities but we’re not prepared to commit through a significantly lower cash tax as a result of it.
Michael Roth: And again similar to the long term accrual that’s a good think, that means that the acquisitions we’ve done are performing better than what we modeled out when we acquired them. But the great accounting works that flows through operations.
Michael Roth: Yeah, well look, we’ve at the moment at MullenLowe, but we’ve been repositioning Mullen now. And look Mullen just again this morning won number of awards in the international markets for its creativity and its effectiveness with its clients and it’s always been an issue for us to give in a deeper presence in the United States, so that’s where we think the opportunity lies in terms of utilizing the long network and putting it together with Mullen and in a true merger, this wasn’t a partnership, this is merger and we have Alex heading up the global offering. So we see a tremendous opportunity in utilizing the MullenLowe go to market strategy on a global basis with particular emphasis in the United States and we’re very encouraged in way it’s being received by the consultancy in terms of pitch activity as well as its performance both with existing Mullen clients as well as the formal Lowe clients. And the team is really matched together, they understand it’s a unified organization now and it’s not siloed into Mullen or Lowe and I am very pleased with Alex and his entire team, he headed new people. So we’re pretty excited about the opportunity. And MullenLowe both have this reputation of creativity and being disrupters if you will in terms of their approach to client servicing and it’s a tremendous combination plus give the digital media capabilities and Lowe has a prefer which is an outstanding digital arm of Lowe that’s performing exceptionally well. So we’re excited about MullenLowe. And as we are with all of our networks, the leadership we have whether Harris at McCann or Carter at FCB and Henry at Mediabrands, I mean that you know - I am not working on my Gulf team yet but I am very pleased with the leadership team that we have in place. And on rating agency front, both Moody’s and S&P have a positive outlook. We’re in constant dialog, we would hope to get an upgrade from both those institutions at some point, we’re not in position to pinpoint a time but we continue to deliver results like that, we would hope to see those upgrades in the near future.
Michael Roth: You know I - the one offs items, I think that’s a fair point, inclusively looking - if you are looking at the quality of our earnings in the first quarter, if you take off the one off - take out the one off items, obviously the quality of our earnings is very solid and EPS number is not really reflected of the type of performance we had in the first quarter. You know you always have risk in the quarter basis going forward, but I don’t believe we have any significant items that we already know about that will hit in that way. The good news is we had the acquisition adjustment in terms of the performance. But the way if we have it going through the rest of the year, that means our acquisitions are even performing better than we thought, so that won’t be a bad thing. So I think hopefully we won’t have the noise if you will on below the line going forward for the rest of the year. You know my tone and my language is still its cautionary because there is still a lot of stuff going out there. And - but I did say at the end of the year when we talked about the caution that we didn’t see any specific areas of caution but there were a lot of noise. If you look at Latin America, it’s a great example, obviously Brazil is an issue. And frankly if you look at our organic growth in Latin America was over a 11% that’s not withstanding the factor Brazil was breakeven and there in Latin America we had very strong results from our digital whether it be R/GA, whether it’s be Huge, whether it be our media offerings and McCann in Latin America. So we had very positive results not withstanding in a fact that Brazil which is a large market for us has significant risk in terms of what’s going on there, obviously the government transitions there are an issue. So that causes us to be some concerns in terms of what’s happening there. In terms of the good news on the U.S. side is we are now 63% of our business being in the U.S. versus the end of the year we’re at 60%. That should be an indication of the strength of our offerings in the United States across the board, PR, media, advertising, digital, experiential and sports marketing, all of them in the United States are performing well which is one of the reason you see a 63% number and we don’t need if you look at the forecast through for U.S. media and media overall, we’re still in the 3% to 4% ad spend in the U.S. and globally which is another reason why we’re somewhat cautious in terms of what the organic number we’re putting out there. Asia-Pac continues, China, India, Australia are overall perform. China, we had double digit growth. So we have very solid offerings, India was single digital growth but last year we had very strong comps there, we had to go against. Australia continues to perform. Japan was slightly week. So that causes us, you know it’s a lot of noise going on about China but our results don’t yet reflect there. So we have to be cautious about that. And then you go to Europe and the UK results were slightly offered where we’re before and that is attributable to one some of our onetime items were not as strong as they were particularly in the UK. Continental Europe again is not significant to us, it’s about 8% and so one or two items can affect that and we’re still cautious about Continental Europe. And what’s going to happen with that and we don’t know, so it has to be some levels of caution, but you have to look at our results, say well, wait a minute, obviously our clients are spending and we continue to see that. So that’s the reason we still have some caution out there. And like I said we are not spiking any football but we are just managing our existing clients. That’s why it’s so important to manage our existing client basis. And that’s our strategy as we go forward.
Michael Roth: You know and otherwise to look at it, if you look at our marketing services, we’re not at 50-50 and some of you may remember years ago that was one of our objectives to get at a 50-50. And why I was throwing out in our leadership, I have to throughout Andy Polansky at Weber, Coca-Cola, these are tremendous professionals that are just gaining market share in a space that is highly competitive, so I didn’t want to make slides of factors besides Frank is sitting next to me of our CMG business who are performing well.
Michael Roth: Well first of all, our project business is very solid. The comment actually related to our digital business in addition to our PR business which is obviously doing well and that has a tendency to be more project base as it experiential on sports. What’s happening on the digital side of the business, our goal is obviously have agency record in. What’s encouraging is we do have longer standing relationships with our special digital agencies that’s somewhat different than it used to be in the business which is very encouraging, but still a significant portion of our digital practice is more or less on a project basis. And now I think the definition of product basis is chancing a little bit on the digital side. We have relationship with clients and there spend is vary based on projects within it. We still have the clients. And so for example, we are seeing return of some clients that we had relationships with that may have that spent is much money last year but we are starting to see the spend come back this year. So I characterize that is sort of project business. And I think we have to deal with that more in the environment today, because digital is such a significant part of both our growth and the offerings we have with our clients. So as long as we deliver the best in class offerings and we have the talents and the people, look we’ve been with a PR business that is more than 50% somewhat on a project basis and we continue to perform. So doesn’t scare us, I think it’s an opportunity but it is a characterization of that business that you have to be sensitive to.
Michael Roth: Yeah, well, look obviously our clients based are large multinational clients that have significant advertising dollars and marketing dollars. And our goal is always be to give them the best offerings we have and not just one discipline. The health of a client relationship is that we’re bringing multiple services to the table and that’s truly what the integrated offering is all about. And what’s encouraging is that when you look at our top 20 clients, we have multiple disciplines servicing those clients and that’s what gives rise to that type of organic growth. So you can take a bigger share of wallet from a particular client even though there spend may not be going up. If you are bringing in PR, if you are brining experiential, if you are bringing in media, so that represents the strength of opportunities with our existing client. So - and that’s why I am so pleased with those type of results. And it is so important therefore to keep the backdoor close in terms of servicing clients and that’s what this business is about. We have to add value to our clients and it’s not just one off in terms of that. We have relationship with our clients that have lasted 50 years and of course those relationships go up and down like everything else. And we have to make sure that we are bringing the best ideas and talent to the table and that’s what our management teams have been doing so well and that’s why we’re seeing the results that we’re seeing. And that goes well for frankly not just us but our industry. You know everyone things that we’re being disintermediated with all those ad techs and other services that are out there, but if with properly servicing our clients and bringing in all the talent and insights that we can bring, we are not going to get disintermediated, in fact we see is an opportunity. So I think so far our results have reflective event. On the pitch side, there are pretty consistent to what we said before, the army which is McCann, they have a statutory of review that we’ve actually extended. The last time we defended army was in I believe 2011 and it’s been extended through 2017. So great work both on the media side as well as the PR side and the advertising side and obviously we continue to group to great work over that client and since this is a normal review, we are not taking it lightly, but we believe we have a good change of they are continuing. On the media side, BMW is I think the one pitch that sill remaining that commenced last year and it’s running into 2016 on the media side. And UM has serviced the account. We won actually someone walks in the meantime in some foreign locations, so we are encouraged to see that. So again that one is still out there. CR from MullenLowe is a review that is driven by procurement, so there too it’s a mandatory procurement review, it’s not that we are having trouble with the client, it is putting us a risk, it’s a review, but every time there is a review there is risk. So those are the only big three that I believe are out there you know of note. There are number of media reviews out there that are review was upside, that’s means we are not defending but we are participating in that and it’s public so I can mention it, that’s the 21st Century Fox and Volkswagen, those - we have they are participating in those reviews and we hope to see some positive outcome from that. But again it’s all upside. And I think those are the major ones that I’ll call out right now.
Michael Roth: Yeah, first of all as far as the overtime, obviously we looked at it. We don’t see it, first of all, it won’t in fact impact, if it does until next year, we have some impact in ‘15. We did do an analysis of it. We don’t see a material impact to our business as a result of it given obviously some of the temporary labor and some of our employment practices are effected by, but it’s not a material number given where we are right now. Outsourcing is you have to define outsourcing. We have a number of our agencies that use foreign sites in the low cost environment to do 24/7 production facilities. And frankly they are doing a tremendous job, we have lower cost excellent talent, very strong results 24/7 and it would be wrong for us not to take advantage of locating those type of facilities in those type of countries. It’s not outsourcing in that, it’s our people that are doing it. So it’s not that we are using third parties to do but we are locating our people in those geographic regions particularly in Latin America, we are seeing very good results with it. As far as outsourcing the non-production type people, we like New York.
Michael Roth: What we do is, we - our markets because we are using integrated approach, we use resources from all over the world. So whether FCB calls it a creative rumble or McCann has a creative counsel or any of our agencies, the way we approach a creative responsibilities now, you need to have diverse input and we use all of our locations all over the world to do that and that’s the value of having global footprints, but we don’t see us in particular outsourcing big pools other than the production stuff and gain I don’t view that as outsourcing.
Michael Roth: Okay, well thank you all for participating. I look forward to our next quarter and the first half year result. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the buyback, it’s roughly 400. And couple of comments on expenses here, it’s clear as we continued it to reduce our principal relationship in our project related businesses and we see our pass-through revenues go down. You’ve seen a shifting of leverage at BB&T and LNG. But I think that the transparence discloser it’s pretty clear what’s happening. But I would say about our SRS is that the base benefit tax which is our - roughly our fixed component of our salary which we service clients with that’s our biggest areas as focus and we’re thrilled to see the amount of leverage we get out of it. And it’s narrow that we’ve been focused on for years and we’ll continue to focus on. How do you talk that fixed component of our employee based plus quite frankly our temporary labor with surface clients and get more leverage out of it, we are seeing it. With respect to the other components of SRS, Michael just commented on the incentive component. And to your other question, we didn’t adjust our annual incentive accrual at all in the first quarter. So we booked at a budge, so all of that increase is related to the long term. And on the severance, we had some incremental severance in Europe and we had some severance at a specific agency and you are right, we should get some flow through in the back half of the year.
Frank Mergenthaler: See one moment; we did had some acquisition charges that ended up being reflected in the SRS as well. You know when we had this in the fourth quarter, on certain acquisition if they are performing well, we have to true up the payments and flow through SRS. So that also was a discrete item in the first quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: You know Tim, it’s a good question because we have made investments. We have seen progress. We continue to find floor but you are starting to see some pressure in things like real estate. Certain markets around the world are starting to get fairly expensive. We’ve had growth in those markets, so we’ve got some pressure there in markets like New York and London and Shanghai, but we continue try and leverage the investments we’ve made to drive more efficiency. And share services are good example. You know we won’t more and more processing into our shared services center, we are looking at various end market consolidations in countries. So there is more to do, we never touched, Michael covered about spiking football, we’re going to continue to press but I am not sure if there is that much more runway, but we are going to continue try. So I think at salaries and leveraging salaries is critical to us. That’s why we are pleased to see the progress in the BB&T leverage.
Frank Mergenthaler: You know one of the great challenges in our industry is measurement and using data resource in terms of allocating our client’s money in this complex and varied opportunities to gain insights in the market place. One of the questions is whether a TV even can be included in a real time basis in our programmatic offering and insights in linear TV. And what we like to do is make investments in smaller companies that has some unique capabilities and Samba TV is one of those and our relationship with them in terms of adding that type of insight to our overall data stack is a very important aspect. We have many others as well and we have 100 of different data resources that we use in our analytics and Samba TV was just a unique proposition particularly on the TV side that we felt added some additional credibility and insights for us. And we continue to look at these types of tech and data insight companies to help us provide value to our clients.
