Michael Roth: Well, our assumption for Continental Europe continues to be -- we’re not expecting a big recovery in Continental Europe. The fact that we were down in 2014 was a little bit below our plan. With the uncertainty out there, it’s not wise for us to count on the big recovery there. So what we are refreshing our talent. We’ve had made some changes in personnel in Continental Europe. We did some acquisitions certainly with Inferno and Profero and a couple of smaller acquisitions and we continue to look to bolster our competitiveness there. But we’re basically keeping eye in there without making any big bets in terms of a strong recovery in terms of our forecast for the rest of the year. Our leverage in terms of approving, our margin continues to be focusing on our people, our creative products, our competitive offerings and obviously, converting that revenue into 30% target that we already said. It was nice to see in 2014, we converted it the 30% ratio. So when you look at our assumptions in terms of 3% or 4%, that’s how we come to the 80 to 100 basis point margin improvement for 2015. We’re coming into the year 2015 with some tailwinds, because we were net new business positive in 2014 and of course, Alexia, I know you going to ask how we are doing so far. And for 2015 we continue to be net new business positive. In terms of those tailwinds, I think you'll see the effect of those more in the first half of the year and in the second half of the year we'll see some cycling down absent to any new businesses wins in the meantime. And so, I think, it's more focusing on our cost. We’ve instituted the number of additional programs to make sure that our SRS ratios don't get out of line. I mean, clearly, that's where we see the biggest leverage. We did see an improvement in base benefit, as Frank outlined in his discussion. We did have -- so we had a good performance so therefore incentives were up a bit and that accounted for some of the higher number on SRS ratio. But we continue to be very careful in terms of how we add headcount and we're gaining efficiencies. We are -- for example, McCann, we have craft and we’re using production facilities with greater efficiency on a worldwide basis. These went to greater margins for us in bringing those dollars. We keep them in-house as oppose to going out and we see a lot of that happening in our other agencies as well.
Michael Roth: Our budgets from a bottoms up perspective. So we look at existing AOR contracts. As the year progresses and as our clients begin to feel more comfortable that’s when we start seeing some incremental spend, which frankly helps us in terms of higher-margin business. The tone is solid. Is their concern? Of course there is. We’re in a global business right now and there are affects of currency which affects -- potentially affects our business. That's why we tempered some of our assumptions going into 2015. It's not the translation affect on our P&L that be tempered because we’re match from a revenue and expense point of view. It’s the tone of the affect of these currencies on our clients and they’re spending and how that potentially converts to our business. But the tone of the business is solid. Our clients are working with us in terms of our plans for the year. They're spending money. Some of the money is coming. I know one of the questions is always that how much of it is in TV versus digital. We’re seeing a tremendous focus on allocating media dollars and where it should go and our offerings in media brands are toned into doing exactly that in the use of Cadreon and the use of our tools and planning techniques real-time. We continue to invest in those because clients want to know whether it should be digital, whether it should be TV, how it should be allocated and can they change it quickly. So we're working very closely with our clients and of course, programmatic and automation are part of that. So I think, the questions, whether it's digital versus TV, I think, we’ve seen certainly an impact on TV if you just look at the result of the media owners in 2014 and the challenges they face in 2015. And our job continues to be to help our clients navigate through that. So we have the tools. We have the talent. Our clients are talking to us. They're not pulling back per se. The issue is how much more they going to spend and the pressure is on us to be efficient and for us to be responsive in terms of moving the needle and that’s what we’re here to do. So we feel good about our forecast and I think, it's a realistic assumption for us to use going into 2015.
Michael Roth: Well, one of the reasons we called out the effect on O&G is because of CSAPR, financial organizations in all our units, our focusing on our debt or SRS ratios. Now, the good news is as we develop new business, we ramp up and that causes us to throw those ratios a little bit out of track. And frankly, that's not a bad thing to happen, okay. If we’re investing with new business, it’s not atypical for us. When we win a new business to have to ramp up and add 50 to 100 people in terms of staffing and that staffing usually comes ahead of revenue. So there is timing issues in there. But the fundamental basic benefits, if you will, and tax, we saw 50 basis points improvement in 2014 and for ‘15 we will have to continue to be very careful with that. And yes, the answer is ultimately we have to get those SRS’ numbers down and that’s where our focus is going to be, John.
Michael Roth: We are always looking at that. We always look at double doors. I think, what they say is, the low-hanging fruit in terms of our expenses, we took that big charge and I’m pleased to report as Frank indicated. We realized the benefits that we said we are going to have as a result of the restructuring charge that we took. And we monitor that all the time. In terms of consolidations, yeah, there are all possibilities for that. We are looking for efficiencies, but we have three global networks that are very competitive and on top of that our marketing disciplines in our media businesses and so on. And we are well positioned. So there is a recovery in Europe. I think we will participate. Some of our pull back in Europe again was client specific. 11% of our business is in Continental Europe, that’s good and bad depending on how you look at it. And so as a result, if one or two clients pull back, it has a bigger impact on our results and we saw that in 2014, which frankly one of the reasons we missed a little bit in terms of our planning process. But we are well positioned, we continue to invest in Continental Europe in terms of talent and that’s where we have to and we are looking for a good organic growth as the recovery comes back. But we’re monitoring it and we will be looking at efficiencies whether it’d be combining agency -- not agencies but combining couple of goal situations we are also looking at that.
Michael Roth: Look we continue to believe that our model of agnostic advice, in terms of, where client should be putting their money, it’s the proper model, okay. I think there is no question that some of our competitors as you move to with take inventory position on your digital assets. And they are using right hand and left hand, and I think as these rolls out our clients are going to see the profits that are being made from inventory owned and we feel that that’s inconsistent with our model of being independent, in terms of how we allocate media dollars on behalf of our clients. Now we think the clients tell us that they prefer model obviously, yes. If you look at our performance, we had a great performance in the Mediabrands and that whole model isn’t lost on our clients. I mean the reason there are clients among other things is exactly that. That they view us as being their partner in terms of advising where they put their money, I’ve said this before and I continue to say if as this rolls out, if in the marketplace, it is not viewed as we view it, then obviously we are going to re-look at how we do this. We do it on the part of Orion and the barter business where it’s disclosed upfront and we’re seeing very nice margins on it. But right now, our model is consistent and yes, I think larger multi-national clients, one of the reasons they bring some of this programmatic in-house is because they don't trust our business, not ours per se. I’m saying speaking generically in terms of the transparency that goes into this pricing in this black box that they’re dealing with. And I think the fact that there is inventory owned being sold doesn’t help. I know they can disclose it and I know they argue that they are buying more efficiently and so on. But in terms of pricing, we don’t see that we’re being -- we don’t do it and we are very competitive on the pricing side of the business. So, we believe our role is to be agnostic and we do think our clients choose us. And that's why we stick to this model. And frankly when I was the client, I would look at it the same way. I find it difficult to saying that the role that they calm, they put up and the large margins that some of them claim they are getting on that isn’t at the cost of advice that I'm getting on the buying side. So that’s my personal view on it. But we continue to look at it. It’s a reasonable question. By the way, you are seeing the big ramp -- I might as well do this. You’re seeing a big ramp up in terms of the organic growth and potentially some margin on this. As you cycle through that, that advantage isn’t going to be there on reported numbers, right. And I do think the margin on that business is going to shrink because clients are just going to want greater transparency on it and that’s where the margin impact will come down so.
Michael Roth: I don’t think so. I think some players -- again, it’s on a buyer by basis, right. But I think, frankly, if you look at one of our competitors who just recently announced, I think they were alluding to not as big margins on it as everyone thinks, whereas one of our other competitors, clearly they're making a lot of money on this, which sort of builds to the issues with the transparency. So, I would say on average, it is certainly margin accretive. But I think over time it becomes less.
Michael Roth: In 2014, it was true. It is going to be to be true in 2015. Yes, as we pick up clients and as we add more services, typically, the additional services carry with it a greater margin, that’s the nature of our business. Which is why as you know Brian, when we pick up new clients, margins are new clients in the early years aren't quite where they are as they mature as we go forward and that’s the business model. We bring in another service and we add value. But none of the services that we bring to the table are clients willing to pay extraordinary margins adds. So the burden is on us to show values add. So when we bring in the extra services, it's all with a view towards moving the needle and how we enhance their margin and frankly at the same time it helps us. I think that pressure is there. It will continue to be there. It will be on the media side just evidenced by, as you know in your write-ups that the big client reviews typically are occurring on the media side of the business because they continue to believe this pricing advantage is by putting that stuff up for bids and review. And it’s incumbent upon us to be able to buy appropriately, give advice, couple it with proper planning and be efficient in how we operate our own businesses and so that’s never going way.
Michael Roth: I’ll let Frank add to it. It seems part of it has to do with the mix between media and traditional advertising and that affects our working capital. But I’ll let frank talk about it.
Michael Roth: And it’s difficult that in the fourth quarter we see positive than we see the first quarter as you know, it flows out. So, I think we had a good year, I think it was a typical year for us in how it came in and went out. And as Frank said, it has to do with the mix between media and traditional.
Michael Roth: Yeah. And by the way, our staffing needs are not done. Our agencies when they come in with their budgets and their plans, they have a staffing requirement for the year. We tried to calendarize it obviously, but as Frank says, we can’t control the revenue side of it in terms of win clients, because we are -- and it’s crazy for us to do abnormal things to be in line for audit, which is why we gave -- we talked in terms of full year. The quarter -- the quarterly variances in our business are very hard to predict. I can tell you this much. I don’t know what quarter it’ll be, but there’ll be surprises quarter from quarter because that’s the nature of that business, which is why we talk on a full year basis.
Michael Roth: There is nothing structurally different in our business than Omnicom’s right. So we are very comfortable that the 13% target is a reasonable target.
Michael Roth: Yeah. It’s all anecdotal. I mean, intuitively, it’s a same as you would look at it. As gasoline prices fall, the consumer has more money in the pocket, discretionary spending in terms of consumer goods products and things like that. Have I seen a big change in their forecast as a result of that? No. But as everyone kind of used that as a bit of a buffer in terms of expectations on the economy, I would say the answer is, yes. And Barry, the concern we raised is of uncertainties. It’s not that I can specifically point to a client and say because of currency, we are cutting our spend by10%. This is the beginning of the year. This business is just like I was talking before with Craig. This business is, it's a journey over the year. And all we can do is take our best shot right now in terms of bottoms-up and what we overlay in terms of potential wins and god forbid losses. But I think the tone is solid and that’s the takeaway I think from this call. And some clients are little more concerned than others and that has to do with their geographic locations. So it’s a legitimate question I think. All of our competitors have raised it. And it’s more of a sense of making sure we are cautious before we put numbers out there, because we always want to make sure we at least meet or exceed the numbers we put out there.
Michael Roth: Well, yeah, we -- as a governance matter, we’ve always looked at the Board. We have the tenure of our boards. And frankly, we had a process going on all along in terms of replacement of some of our Board members and what you see is a reflection of that. I think we've added -- I know we've added three very capable independent Board members. The finance committee, a lot of what the finance committee is doing is what the audit committee was doing. We always look at strategic plans, capital allocation and costs and how we target and so on. So the finance committee is a typical committee factoring in on the number of the Boards that I sit on have separate finance committee. So since our focus is on making sure we achieve our margins. The emphasis are focusing on that for the finance committee is going to be welcome and knowing our Board, because we usually view these things as a full Board. I will suspect the attendance that our finance committee will probably be made of entire Board. So, I think, well, does it show our continued emphasis on getting to those margins that we put out there.
Michael Roth: Well, I thank you all, obviously, we are very pleased with 2014, but now we are off to 2015. So I look forward to our next call. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yeah. The term question -- probably two years ago, there was more pressure than there is now. I think that kind of settled in because the industry kind of held the line. We are not a bank. And the key driver of working capital is around media primarily and where media billings are flowing. So, you can have flat revenue, but if you are seeing shifts out of certain markets where there is a working capital advantage that could adversely impact your working capital. There is nothing structural in our model that’s changing.
Frank Mergenthaler: It’s not a cost issue, [Brian] [ph]. It’s more of a seasonality of our revenue. Our folks are working on clients in the first quarter. Client contracts are being negotiated and resolved. We’ve got just a natural deferral of certain revenues in the first quarter, that’s our revenue recognition policy that we are not going to change.
Frank Mergenthaler: And just let me restate, I think looking at our business on a quarter-to-quarter basis is a slippery slope, both on the positive side and the negative side. And I think 2014 was a good example for us. Frankly, historically, it’s always been that way. And the question for us going into 2015 is, what is the tone of our business? And as we say, it’s solid. What’s our focus? Our focus is on our competitive product, which is talent, creativity, digital, media, all the stuff and focusing on the cost side of the business. And we have our disciplines up and running and we look at it on a full year basis.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yeah, but obviously, it’s a good start of the year on a strong quarter. But again, we’re looking at it on full year basis.
