Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Alexia. All of the above. Look, none of this is by accident. We started on this journey by clearly investing in talent. And I think what you're seeing right now is the fact that the talent that we've embedded within all our organizations is really shining in terms of what clients are looking for in terms of moving the needle with their business. But creative talent and overall talent needs tools and resources within the organization to make sure we can deliver on that. So we've invested in all these tools and resources throughout the company. And finally, we really are a client-centric environment. And so everyone is focusing on the needs of the clients. And therefore, we're focusing on what we can bring to the resources within IPG to the client to meet those needs. We're seeing success in our open architecture model, where if you look at the business wins, all of our agencies are aware of the fact that if their particular disciplines need other resources from IPG, they raise their hand and we bring the additional IPG resources to the table. And frankly, we're getting a reputation in the marketplace appropriately that we do this very well, and we really focus on the needs of the clients versus our own silos. And I think the new business wins that we're seeing, as well as the embedded growth we're seeing in our existing client base, really is indicative of the fact that all the IPG resources are available to move the needle with our client and we're executing against that. But in the end, it takes people and belief by those people that they have a huge resource base behind them. And the other thing which I particularly like is when I participate in a lot of these pitches, what we see in the room are cross disciplines either from within the agencies or outside IPG and it's not uncommon for the client to come up to me and say I didn't even realize which individuals were from which discipline, and that's really what clients are looking for in their resources. So I'm particularly proud of all our agencies, whether it be our traditional agencies, our digital agencies, our marketing services, PR, I mean, across the board we're all doing quite well.
Michael I. Roth: Well, clearly, we're seeing better profitability. That doesn't mean better is where we want to be. I mean, it's always been a challenge for profitability in Europe for us. We've taken a lot of actions. We've repositioned assets. We brought in new management. We've reduced layers of people and it's a very competitive market, and it's great to see us on the positive side for the nine months. As I said in my remarks, we are not counting on a big recovery. But the profitability side of it is moving forward but it's still not at the levels we want it to be. So we've got more work to do in Continental Europe, but we've made great strides towards that.
Michael I. Roth: Well, yeah. The viability of the models, you know, it's funny. I gave a talk at IAB and I put up my favorite slide, which is a quote that says the agency business is going to be disintermediated and is basically doomed and then I go to the next slide and it's a quote in 1975. So, I mean, there are always people out there saying that the competitors and there are other disciplines, whether it be ad tech or smaller agencies. In the end, we have the resources and capabilities that can compete with any resource out there. And, frankly, when we don't have it, yes, we use outside parties. We work well with them. It's incumbent upon us to know what we do well and what we don't do well. And that's what this whole concept of open architecture is all about, John, and that is we're looking at the client first and if we don't have a resource internally, and when I say internally I mean within IPG, it's not uncommon for us to use outside resources to help us. And frankly, that's what shows clients that we're thinking of them versus ourselves. And, yeah, we end up dealing with non-traditional people, whether it be on the ad tech side. Even in some of the production, we don't like it, but even some of the production facilities that clients request us to use, we have to be in a world now where collaboration works and the collaboration starts with us. And if it's not within our organization, we have to be able to collaborate with other parties that clients are happy with. So, we're able to do all of that and sometimes working with the third parties turns out to be a lot smoother than sometimes working with ourselves, which is shame on us, but that's the reality of the world out there. So, the world is changing, and our model has to change with this. And I think that's one of the things you're seeing why we're being successful in that we're not wedded to the silo mentality of the past. We have to collaborate. We have to collaborate within IPG and we have to collaborate outside of IPG with other parties.
Michael I. Roth: Well, I said we're net new business positive. So, by definition, if we're net new business positive, we're going to move into the year with tailwinds. But we still have the fourth quarter to go. The fourth quarter is our biggest quarter. It's project based, so we're waiting to see how that comes in. We have a number of reviews still out there. It's unlikely that those reviews will impact 2015. So, it will affect 2016 numbers, and we're cautiously optimistic on those reviews that we had. The fact that we've been successful on the media reviews, in particular, obviously we're feeling comfortable going into the finals of some of the media pitches that are out there but you never know with these pitches, but we're very comfortable with how we're positioned in them. So, if we're successful with those or at least some of those, we'll certainly go into 2016 with tailwinds.
Michael I. Roth: I think the key to making a success out of that, there's no question that there's a trend there, and we can discuss all sorts of reasons why that trend is there. But our job is to work with our clients, okay? It's interesting. I was just talking to our folks on a pitch that we just had this week. And there, we had a presentation on Cadreon and programmatic. Obviously, that's a very strong asset of IPG. It's growing tremendously both in the marketplace and competitively and yet the client is considering taking that inside. So, as part of the pitch, we present ideas, and our people from Cadreon present what we're doing, and you see the client sitting there saying, oh my goodness. How come we didn't think of that? How come we didn't think of this? So, yeah, we work with our clients who are intending to bring some of it inside. In the end, we act as integrators, okay? I mean, our job – and I've always said this, confusion is good for us and the reason it's good for us is we get paid to help make sense out of all of this. And if clients are looking to us to help them do this, we have to be able to respond and if it means helping them bring it inside, that's okay but they're still going to need the current thinking and the investments that we make in these tools that clients just aren't in a position to make. And, frankly, the talent that we're able to recruit in that environment is so different than to the talent that you can recruit internally on a siloed basis. So, yeah, clients are bringing it in. It's not a threat, it's just another tool that clients have that they want us to work with in the overall integrated offering, and we have to be able to do that. The history of our industry is when clients bring things internally, a lot of times it comes back. And the reason for it is the ability to recruit talent as well as to keep investing in the tools and resources that you need to be current. So, yeah, it's a phenomenon. There's no question about it and clients are trying to do it internally but I think they'll find in the long-term that we still have a role to play here in helping them accomplish what they're looking for, but at the same time, using the tools and resources that we have that they're not capable of developing. So we don't fight it; we actually help them do it. Again, that's one piece of the puzzle. I mean, again, if there's a relationship with the client, it has to be broad and it has to be seen as that we're in a partnership with the client. And we have all these different resources that we bring to the table. And if the client feels comfortable asking us to help them, we don't view it as them taking business away from us; it's part of what our role is, and we have to build it into our model. But it's a reality – but it's been a reality for years in this industry and it just changes different forms.
Michael I. Roth: Well, yeah, no. I mean, look, any review that takes place clearly has a view towards what they call efficiency. Efficiencies, obviously, means fee reductions. And clients, for generations, have been looking for more for less. So it's something we're very much used to, and it puts the burden on us to be more efficient, but yet we have to be able to meet the needs of the clients. And yeah, that presents problems in terms of us maintaining margin. But, again, remember, this is only one piece of the puzzle. When we talk about margins, it's aggregate margins in all the different disciplines and resources. And, sure, on some basic contract work that we have in scope, margins may be a little bit less than they may have been before. But in the end, it's our opportunity, and clients expect it for us to be able to bring in new ideas that help them move the needle, and that's what is called – known as out-of-scope work. And out-of-scope work is something that typically we get higher margins on. That's the way our business works. And clients know that. But first, they have to start with a line in the sand. So these reviews establish a line in the sand in terms of scope of work and fees that'll be available. And we have to work within that model. And it's incumbent upon us to make sure that the additional work that we do and clients understand that if it's out-of-scope, they have to pay for it, and we typically make better margins on the out-of-scope work. That's not a secret in our industry. And clients know it. And the other part of it is this is a value-based environment. And if we can show that we're moving the needle and clients value the type of the ideas that we're bringing to them and the fact that it's in fact proving the results that we believe it can do, clients have incentive fees with us, there are performance-based contracts that we have on – particularly on the media side of the business. So there are vehicles that we have to develop opportunities for us to enhance margins. And that's the way the business is. And so we don't view procurement as a bad word. We don't view these reviews as necessarily being only with a view towards fee reductions. The other reason these reviews are taking place is because they want to see if they're getting best-in-class offerings. And frankly, if I was a client, I'd be asking the same thing. So we approach these reviews, even when we're incumbents as an opportunity to show clients and future clients what we can bring to the table, what resources we have, and how we can work differently with them to move the needle. What's interesting is the incumbents usually start out as why haven't you brought this to us before? So, therefore, if you look at the history of reviews, incumbents generally don't do well. But when you really drill down on it, incumbents have been dealing within a certain playbook both with the client and ourselves. These reviews open up a different playbook. And that means there's got to be change both on the client's side as well as our side. And I see that's what's happening in a number of these reviews. Clients are recognizing that their approach isn't necessarily the right approach and they're willing to think of a different approach that we can bring to the table, and that means opportunity. Every time we get to work with our clients and show what we can do, it presents opportunities for us across the board. So that's how we approach it.
Michael I. Roth: It's not a surprise to anybody. So I don't know why people all of a sudden are shocked and so on. The ANA has been talking about this. The 4A's has been talking about it. Everybody's been talking about it. So the fact that the ANA hired two firms to do it to help them with it is not a surprise to us at all. Obviously, we've dealt with these firms before, not so much to call as much as the other one. But we've been talking about transparency. It started with us frankly 10 years ago, maybe it's 11 years now, time flies when you're having a good time, on this whole issue of rebates and so this is nothing that we're afraid of. We've been very clear on rebate issues for 10 years now. It's in all our contracts. We welcome – in fact, in all these reviews, we have audit capabilities from our clients to come in and review this. So this isn't new for us. And as part of the verification and audit that we have within our own systems, clients are welcome to come in and, in fact, we do share with them results from that and one of the firms that's doing this actually we worked with in the past. So this isn't really nothing new for our industry. Any type of review like this, everyone raises questions of what they're going to find. It's unfortunate that the headlines particularly in Europe have made it look like this is a criminal investigation. Last I looked ANA doesn't have the ability to subpoena. If you read these headlines, you would think that that's what was going on. That's not what's going on. It's a look into the practices within an industry. That's nothing new. This is an industry organization making sure that their constituents are comfortable what's going on in the practice, and we've been dealing with this all along. So from an IPG perspective, we're very comfortable on rebate transparency. We're very comfortable on contractual transparency. We have it in all our contracts, and verification and review was part of our process. So there's nothing in any of that that concerns us.
Michael I. Roth: Well, look, the key to this is obviously our multinational clients that go through Mediabrands, they're clearly using Cadreon. And that's part of their business model. We have a number of agencies that do their own buying, that have their own capabilities, and that's fine. But, frankly, from a business management point of view, we always argue. Whenever we have the operating reviews of our businesses, and they talk about it, they all think they have a better model. And if their better model is working, that's terrific. But it seems that the efficiencies that can be gotten by dealing with a Mediabrands platform in terms of current thinking and resources just is compelling. And, frankly, I wish some of our agencies would use it more, but certainly the bulk of our media buying is going through that.
Michael I. Roth: So, the additional challenge is generating profitability within those countries. And obviously we get involved in tax planning in terms of where revenue is being generated. So that's why we have a great tax department who's responsible for making sure that our contracts are reflecting that. And we are what we call optimizing using our NOLs and we are very focused on doing that.
Michael I. Roth: Oh, absolutely. Look, we already have some very talented people within IPG who work on these multinational open-architecture client situations where they're working with the units themselves, whether it be FCB, whether it be McCann, whether it be Lowe. And it's their responsibility to work with the people within these agencies to make sure that the needs of the clients are being met with all the resources of IPG. We were fortunate to have an opportunity to recruit Simon to our organization. And clearly his responsibility will be both on the new business side but also on these open-architecture pitches. More and more, these RFPs are coming into the holding company. They're coming directly to me actually, which is why I have to look at my emails every day, but it really comes in to the holding company. And they are saying you tell us which is the best way you want to approach this RFP. So someone like Simon with his vast experience in new business and client focus and frankly his knowledge of the consulting industry and the relationships he has is a tremendous asset for us. And frankly Simon has already been involved with a number of our agencies' pitches that are going on right now. And he's a resource, and we're from the home office and we're here to help. And some of our agencies have already tapped in to Simon to help them in terms of their pitch. You know he is fantastic in terms of new business pitches, and he has actually gone in and helped these agencies. And frankly, we had a couple of wins that he helped in terms of the presentations. So, the fact that we were able to recruit Simon is an indication to me that this whole notion of open architecture is one that is resonating in the industry and our reputation for being a holding company that collaborates with all the agencies within the holding company is real and I think his presence along with the other individuals within IPG, whether it be Peter or Terry, they all work very closely with our agencies and they know that they are there to be helpful to our agencies. The pitches themselves are coming in different forms and we have to be able to respond and the needs of the clients.
Michael I. Roth: Well, we're constantly thinking about how to get through that hurdle because that's obviously a main objective for all of us. We are well on our way and you're right. I call it the eighth, ninth inning, whatever you want, we're making great progress, and it's clearly within our sights to accomplish that. So, we're feeling pretty positive about that. Look, we are a variable cost model. Our biggest variable cost is SRS. It's not a secret. We said, what we have to do is focus on that, and you can focus on that by generating revenue, which is what we've been doing and keeping an eye on the cost pressures in the SRS. So, we've done a great job on O&G and that's showing the improvement even in the third quarter and we see an improvement there. We've seen leverage. We've seen at least 50 basis points. And if it worked through the pass-throughs, it's really 80 basis points this quarter in terms of leverage on SRS. So, we're very focused on it, and we just have to continue to do that. And we see that there's still opportunity to do it and that's how we're going to get there.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah. And let's face it, we use incentives within – our agency goals are focused on margin improvement and they know that the best way to get margin improvement is to keep an eye on their SRS ratio. So, it's both monitored, as Frank said, from the agency as well as from our reviews at the holding company. So, this isn't rocket sciences business, and we're very comfortable in our ability to manage that. I think we've proven that we know how to manage that. We can do this, and I've said this before, we can get there tomorrow. But a part of this is making sure we have the talents and resources to generate growth. So, on a longer-term basis, had we not had the talents and resources that we had within all our different agencies, we wouldn't be delivering the results that you're seeing right now. So, if we starve the pipeline of people and got our SRS ratios in line quicker, yeah, we may achieve our goal, but our long-term viability would be adversely affected. I kind of like the way we're doing it now. If you're looking at 80 basis point to 100 basis point margin improvement, that clips along the way we're going to get there. We just don't – we're not going to get there tomorrow. And it would be silly for us to shoot ourselves in the foot and do something dramatic that would get us there. Just look at the write-off that we're having. We're focusing on unprofitable businesses that are in geographic locations that aren't necessary, that are a drag on our P&L and so this time, the $38 million, it's four to five locations, in areas that we don't have to be. They were dilutive. And we either sold them or closed them. And that's how we get there. We're constantly looking at those types of opportunities.
Michael I. Roth: Yeah, I mean, that's it. It's like everything else's execution. And we – with the changes we've made across all the networks in both people and structure, we put them all in and Lowe together, this past year, I'm very comfortable with our leadership across the board. We've brought Henry in to run Mediabrands; Alex to run Lowe Mullen. And, obviously, Harris and Carter are doing great jobs. So, I'm very comfortable with our leadership and very confident that we'll get to our objectives.
Michael I. Roth: Well, I thank you all for participating. I look forward to our next call, which will report our year-end results. Have a great holidays. Thank you.
