Philippe Krakowsky: Maybe I'll take them backwards if that's okay with you. I mean I think if you think about our budgeting process, right, it's bottoms up with our operators. We do, in fact, as you suggest, go client by client. We look at pipeline. And then with our larger clients, obviously, we're able to engage with them directly. And I think what we're pointing out there is just that I think what's happening is that the caution that we're seeing is less a function of the specifics of what's going on right now. I think it's just the open-endedness, the concern about a potential downturn somewhere along the line as we get further into 2023. But again, if you go back to how we build the budget, that bottoms up, look at clients, factor in the pipeline, clearly factor in a view of the macro, and we're going to have a geographic or a client or even a business mix that's specific to us. And then we did call out a couple of places. As you know, I think we're quite direct and kind of clear about what's going on in the business, where are we taking the business. So we call that a couple of places where some things require attention and some things are having an impact as we look at the year ahead. So I would say that, that's how we got to the range the fact that the range is broader than one would see in other years is reflective of that sense of uncertainty. I think you're seeing broader ranges when companies are going out there. And I would say we're comfortable at the midpoint of that range.
Philippe Krakowsky: And 1 just quick add there, David, is just that across the senior teams, whether it's corporate or any of the units, our incentives are fully aligned to that objective, right? So the plan is modestly more heavily weighted to margin than revenue. And so to our mind, that ensures that where there's growth, there's profitable growth, and that when we're in a circumstance that's got more uncertainty, we're still able to, as Ellen said, make good on that consistent record of where there's growth, we've demonstrated that we can convert it to incremental profit.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. That's a lot. So I guess there are 2 inflation questions. I will take the -- so in terms of inflation, vis-a-vis our growth, yes, the majority of our contracts have written into them the ability to -- as the world changes, sort of go back to clients and talk about the cost of the services that we provide to them. That's not something that triggers automatically, it requires that you enter into a conversation or ultimately kind of a negotiation with clients. So if I were to talk about what's gone into our thinking and how we build the forecast that leads to the guidance, revenue growth is primarily from growing scope with our existing clients. And we definitely believe that there is that the primary avenue for growth, the most -- the 1 that we are most keen on is growth with existing clients. So deepen the relationship, bring additional services. Then secondarily, clearly, you have the opportunity to add when there are new business opportunities and pitches. So I think that, that's really what is baked into it. And then as we've discussed, we are beginning to, in some instances, be able to go to clients with some of these services that are -- new services based on the data and the technology part of what we've been building. So I think that's 1 part of the question. And then Ellen, I'll let Ellen take the cost as it bakes into our business and then the second part and then I'll come back for your third piece on sectors.
Philippe Krakowsky: And then I guess on sectors, so auto and transportation is strong, and we see it continuing. Health care, financial services for us, given the mix of clients that we've got in retail, that has continued to be a place where we've got quite progressive modern clients, and then the other category. As I mentioned, I think the -- a lot of the headlines and a lot of the sort of sector-specific issues that we're seeing in tech are manifesting in conversations with clients. And there, what we're seeing is clients either taking reductions or being not committing for a full year. So I think as we said, what we saw there was something that I think is -- we're seeing the impact, the duration on that is perhaps open ended. And then food and beverage for us will have the runoff of a very large industry consolidation that took place at the holding company level in late '21. And as we said, it impacted Q4 most heavily, but we'll still see some impact. So in terms of the revenue deltas, it's definitely, for us, the items that we've identified for you, which we are addressing are definitely going to impact first half, whether it's the digital agencies and where they are in their cycle of transformation as the macro becomes a bit more challenged, and then some of these client items. So for us, it's definitely - a stronger back half is very much where and how we've gotten to that guidance.
Philippe Krakowsky: Sure. Look, I think you're right. They're premium providers. It's a largely project-based business, which is -- I think both of those, a premium provider uncertain macro project-based business. Again, projects showed up in Q4 for us at a very solid level. I'd say in line with overall Q4 growth. Experiential was strong. PR was maybe a bit below the segment growth, but the digital projects that you would see at those very high-end agencies, we're definitely not at the levels they were weak. And so I think that every 3 to 5 years, these agencies need to kind of reinvent and reconfigure because they are, to your point, at the leading edge. But I think that in the current environment, that's where we find ourselves with them. PS, they're also probably more exposed to tech than many of our businesses. So we've seen client attrition and lower growth there. And Huge has pretty clear line of sight into what their new value proposition is, and that will be going in the market probably towards the end of the first quarter here. So they've also been because of the strength that you call out, tying them more into whether it's open architecture or whether it's the kind of the overall data stack that we've built is clearly something that we need to focus on. So it may be that long-term success. And a measure of independence is something that is going to need to be addressed. And then on the question around new business, again, we now see new business in the big media pitches and then in some of the more traditional parts of the business probably the creative ad agencies and some degree, PR. We don't see the new business within health very much. And then a lot of what's going on, as I said, has become project specific. So I'd say we are going into the year exactly, as you said, with a modest headwind. And then was there 1 piece of the question that I'm forgetting at this point? And then health. I think we see health at scale now, having put these assets together. And as we said, trailing very, very strong performance, doing high single digit in the quarter. That's probably consistent with what they did for the year, and that's consistent with the expectation that we have for them as we go into '23.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I think that's really -- I mean it's very apt observation, right? I can definitely speak to RafterOne and what it is about them and why, right? So to our mind, a very strong asset in a very specific space that is growing very fast, right? So obviously, Salesforce as a platform means a lot more to more of our clients. So they're ascendant. And then for the dollars that go into a major sales force implementation, there's a multiple, there's that goes to the service providers. So that's a -- there's a large service economy around that, and we're very strong in Adobe. And to us, we were building that Salesforce capability, started working with this company as a partner got to know them. And it was actually preemptive on our part because I don't know that their ownership was -- their owners were necessarily thinking that this was a moment in time at which they would trade the asset. But from where we sit, tech implementation, direct-to-consumer work, the internal platform services group that we've created so that we are bringing kind of bigger presence into those kinds of engagements. So I think Salesforce -- I mean, RafterOne is 500 experts, I think 800 or 900 certifications and both B2B and B2C expertise. But I think what you said that's very accurate is that we're a bigger company by a fair bit as of the last 3 years. So you used to think of us as doing tuck-ins, and they were quite small, and they were much more sort of agency like. And to our mind, I think we want to concentrate that buying power and then focus on these areas where what you've got is sort of a hybrid of marketing expertise, some measure of creativity against an emerging channel and then some piece of what they do, which brings some technology expertise. So I think you probably will see us do fewer and scale-wise, they'll have gotten bigger. What tuck-in means will be, I think, more like this.
Philippe Krakowsky: That's an interesting question and a fair one, right, because we've all been assuming that there was going to be a backlog going all the way back to pandemic. Understandable that there were fewer, but everybody sort of waited for the floodgates to open. And I think '21 was -- there was just a great deal of opportunity growing with your existing clients, doing more of the kind of new services that we have been building for some period of time. The word is that there likely will be, as I said, scale reviews these days tend to come in media and then to some extent in health care. But at the moment, it's more kind of in the murmurs than the reality. But we'll obviously all know, I mean the - our folks on the ground at agencies are growth leader here at the center are all saying that they believe that it will begin to pick up steam. But right now, I don't have a ton of hard data that says that's the case.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you, Sue. Thank you all for the time and the interest. We're looking forward to the year. We've got a lot of work to do, and we'll keep you posted as we go. Thanks again.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Thank you for the question. Very optimistic about the opportunity to increase our margins going forward. And I would point to, we have a long track record of doing so. I mean if you look at the past couple of years, we've increased our margins 260 basis points since 2019. So I think it's a combination of several factors. One, as you point out, I think high-value services is a continued opportunity for us. But also, I think we have a good track record of translating growth profitably into margin expansion. We manage our costs in a very disciplined way. And we're continuously looking at opportunities on business transformation. We have a large portion of our revenue in shared services. We manage our real estate portfolio centrally. So put all those things together, I do think that there is opportunity for margin expansion as we move ahead.
Ellen Johnson: So as far as inflation on our cost base, we've been very transparent that there's been modest inflation in the salary line, but ones that we feel are very manageable and that will not take us off the growth trajectory on our margins nor deter us from expanding them accordingly. So that was factored into our guidance for '23 and going forward.
Ellen Johnson: So as we've pointed out, working capital is volatile. Whether you get paid on the 31st to the first, you're right, when you print your balance sheet and cash flow makes a big difference. It is something that we spent a lot of time and have a lot of discipline around and carefully manage. And if you go back over the past 4 years, I think we've generated a billion in working capital. So I would expect going forward, it will normalize. But you're right. In any 1 year, you can get an aberration.
Ellen Johnson: And with regards to FX, '22 was a larger impact than what we typically see. It was negative 3% on revenue growth and actually 20 basis points on margin. For the most part, our revenue expenses if you historically are pretty well matched. And so going forward, we're expecting based on what the rates are today, a flat impact on revenue and a de minimis impact on margin.
Ellen Johnson: It was more an impact of what happened in the currency markets, right? If you look at '22, the currency markets moved more than they historically do. But for the very vast majority of our businesses, revenue and expenses are matched by currency and we -- that was probably the largest impact we've seen in a very long time, and we do not expect that type of impact at all going forward.
Ellen Johnson: Sure. Maybe I'll start with your second question first. We always -- hiring always lags revenue growth. And so where -- we are forecasting growth for next year and underneath growth, we will hire responsibly in a disciplined fashion. Conversely, when we have contractions, we take actions. As far as the real estate, I think your math is a little bit aggressive on the 30 basis points. And the $20 million that we noted on the call will happen over more than 1 year. You need to sublease some of the properties in order to realize the full benefit. But we're very optimistic about the numbers we put out there, we feel really good that we've taken another look and really have been able to optimize our real estate portfolio. Like I mentioned, it's a very centralized process and the way we manage it here and we've really taken the learnings that we've had over the last couple of years and then the pride in a way to become more efficient.
