Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our first quarter results. As usual, I'll begin by covering the key highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional detail on the quarter, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies, to be followed by a Q&A. We're pleased to report a first quarter that represents a solid beginning to 2013. This includes revenue growth consistent with targeted range for the full year, continuing discipline on expenses and further return of capital to shareholders, including an additional share repurchase authorization and a higher dividend, as previously reported. On top of that, during the quarter, we won a number of new business assignments in highly competitive circumstances. Year-to-date, we are solidly net new business positive and our pipeline of opportunities is promising. Beginning with revenue, our organic growth rate in the quarter was 2.3%. This is on top of 2.8% growth a year ago and in line with our full year target range of 2% to 3% organic growth. Regional performance was led by double-digit organic growth in 3 important areas of the world: LatAm, the U.K. and the Middle East. In Asia Pac, our growth was 4.3%, on top of 16.9% a year ago, very strong performance in light of that difficult comparison. In Continental Europe, our organic change was a decrease of 5.8%, which reflects the ongoing challenges of that region's overall economic environment. As we've indicated previously, a recovery in Europe has not been factored into our annual targets. It's also worth noting that the region represents 10% of our total revenue for the quarter. Overall, our international organic growth was 4.9%. In the U.S., organic revenue growth was 0.5%, reflecting some trailing account losses that are front-loaded in the first half of the year. For the full year, we anticipate competitive domestic organic growth. During the quarter, we had a strong performance at many of our agencies, including our marketing services specialists within CMG, our media business and a number of our domestic integrated agencies. Turning to operating expenses, results reflect continued capital cost management. Total headcount grew by less than 1% sequentially. It's worth noting that severance expense was elevated in Q1 due to both headcount actions in Europe and the transition of senior leadership at some of our agencies. Office and general expenses was also very well controlled across all major categories, such as occupancy, T&E, travel and offices supplies, while pass-through expenses increased from a year ago. This results from higher business activity and are directly offset by revenue growth. Heightened activity on the new business front in Q1 meant the level of upfront investment in payroll, temporary labor and general expenses in the quarter. Our account wins during the first 3 months of the year position us to leverage that investment going forward. Another Q1 highlight was continued share repurchases. During the quarter, we bought back 6.2 million shares using $76 million, and our Board has increased our authorization by $200 million to a total of $500 million. And in February, as reported, our board also increased our quarterly dividend by 25%. Since initiating our return of capital programs 2 years ago, we have returned a total of $1.1 billion to shareholders in dividends and through the repurchase of 81 million shares. We retired an additional 33 million diluted share equivalents through the redemption of a convertible debt. On Q1, seasonal loss per share was $0.14 compared to a loss of $0.10 a year ago. Our average shares outstanding decreased 5.3%. Over the course of the year, we should continue to see benefits from the reduced outstanding share count in our EPS performance. A noteworthy trend for us in the quarter was the number of client new business wins that we've begun to see. These were led by our success in securing Chevrolet's branding work in the U.S., adding to our global responsibilities on that iconic brand, as well as the global SABIC assignment won in a holding company shootout and the retention of the U.S. Postal Service, and of course, the highly competitive Acura win. I'll have more on this in agency-specific closing remarks, but it goes without saying that these were very encouraging developments. Now I'll turn things over to Frank for some additional color on the quarter, and I'll rejoin you after his remarks for an update on the tone of our business.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, let me talk about the headwinds. We have previously said last year for the full year, the headwinds would be in the 50 to 100 basis points. However, it was for the year. But we also said it would be front-ended, so you can assume it was up front, since it was more weighted in the U.S., about 2% in the first quarter were the headwinds. So if you take the 2% and add it to the 0.5%, that should give you a reasonable idea in terms of what the U.S. organic would've been. I might add that the similar high headwinds are in the second quarter, Alexia. As far as the expenses go, there's no question that we had pitch expenses in the first quarter, which, fortunately, resulted in new business wins, and some -- as indicated, we had some additional severance in the first quarter. So what we do is we obviously spread out incentives and things like that for the full year, and we've built up some expenses in the first quarter that we expect to see convert to revenue for the balance of the year. Obviously, new business comes on over a period of time. It all doesn't come in at one particular time. But certainly, the expenses that we incurred in the first quarter will give rise to revenue.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I know it's a fair question, John. In the old days, each of the holding companies were sort of wedded to one of the big majors. We still are, candidly. It's by agency, and I think what it shows is the depth of our talent across all the different agencies that we have. So clearly, McCann is a General Motors agency, and we'd like to think that, that will continue, obviously, by adding the additional Chevy work. But the other strong agencies are out there. And yes, the competitive nature of this and the conflict issues throughout our industry has been dealt with more on a agency basis than a holding company basis, which, frankly, is good for us.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I might add, John, we still have some agencies that are conflict-free on the auto side, so we have room to grow here. But of course, it's on an agency-by-agency basis, and we do have other agencies working on General Motors as well, and we're very cognizant of conflict issues.
Michael Isor Roth: We think that we're there, and the issue continues to be consistency in terms of our performance. And if you just look at the percentages and debt-to-equity and all the metrics that are typically used, as evidenced by the other rating agencies that do have us as investment grade, we think that they should be there. But again, frankly, last year's results, which had a bit of a hiccup if you look at it from our stated objective, that goes for the issue of consistency. So our goal is to continue to deliver as we promised, show it on a consistency basis, and we would expect to see that reflected.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I think the fact that we've seen some good traction on business wins indicates a confidence in the marketplace, in new management, as well as the capabilities of McCann. Strategy, I think what we're focusing on is, clearly, retention of our existing clients. One of the great strengths of McCann is its global client portfolio. And I know Harris and the entire team had been focused on servicing those multinational clients and making sure they're getting the best we have to offer. So that strategy has always been there, but it's much more concentrated now. And now McCann is out there in terms of pitching new business and converting to wins, which we've seen. The U.S. Post Office is -- although it was an IPG client at Campbell Ewald, it's nice to see McCann -- it was a competitive pitch among a very -- a number of agencies -- to see McCann win that. And I think they're on the front foot in terms of new business efforts out in the marketplace. They're in a number of finals in terms of new business pitches. So I think the morale there is much higher. The talent is stronger. Just yesterday, we announced some major changes in terms of new people, particularly at McCann Erickson, so I'm very encouraged by what we're seeing at McCann. And the strategy is very simple: Service your existing client, grow from within and win more than your fair share in new business pitches.
Michael Isor Roth: We always state that the severance numbers, we use 1% to model. Of late, we've seen it a little bit higher. We're still sticking to the 1% in terms of the modeling. But as you go through the transition that we've been going through and when you see the economic environment in Europe, we're always looking to rightsize our businesses to match revenue. So I would say, you're going to see severance slightly higher than 1% possibly, but again, I'd continue to drive towards the 1%.
Michael Isor Roth: Thanks, David. Well, let me answer that one. The easy part of that is macro environment. We always said, there's no structural reason for us not to continue to expand margins and attain our goal of competitive margin. So what we look at very carefully, obviously, is the macroeconomic environment, and so we're subject to that. We can't do much about it. We can be -- as you indicated, we can be very focused on cost discipline and managing our businesses. But without growth in the overall economic environment, it's tough to expand margins. And frankly, that was proven for us in 2012. We've always said that if we see growth, certainly, in the 2% to 3% range, we should be able to expand our margin, as indicated by our goal to expand by 50 basis points for 2013. So again, I think the real -- the answer here is macroeconomics, that can go wrong. You always worry about losing clients, especially given the size of our multinational clients, but I'm very comfortable right now, certainly, with the changes we've made in McCann and the effort that's being made across all of IPG to keep that backdoor closed. I'll say that now, and tomorrow, we'll find out something. But we're very focused on client retention because I've always said that so much of our new business comes from organic growth, from our existing client base, and that's where we have to continue to be very strong. Your question on international, look, McCann in Latin America is very strong. We've seen strength in Latin America across all of our global networks; Lowe is very strong in Latin America; Draftfcb. So what's great about that is what you get is when you have 3 global networks like we have, and we see recoveries in certain markets. India is another example where we have very strong global disciplines and agencies, and they're performing well. So it's not by accident that when you see one region down and other regions are up, we're participating in that. In the U.K., we certainly have a very strong event business. One was -- last year, we had, of course, the Olympics, and that was reflected in our strong growth in the U.K. But if you were to take the event business out of the U.K. in the first quarter, and again, it's just one quarter, but I believe we had a 6% organic growth without the event -- special event in. So we have McCann, our media business, are all solid in the U.K.; obviously, Lowe. So we have very strong offerings in the U.K. It always been -- has been an important market for us, and I'm pleased to see that kind of result in that very competitive environment.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, well, we -- Lowe continues to be -- the progress of Lowe, I indicated, we had good solid results from Lowe in the first quarter. We still have room for improvement in terms of the margin expansion at Lowe. So that certainly is one of the things that we've been focusing on very carefully and investing in Lowe to increase. They've done a great job in focusing on their key markets and talent and leveraging their global capabilities where needed. So we're looking for improvement in margin at Lowe. Obviously, Draftfcb is another area. And the fact that we're bringing Carter onboard and the investments we're making at Draftfcb in talent is an indication that we're addressing the issues that we did have some client losses at Draftfcb. And although we're very comfortable with our client base at Draftfcb, we want to make sure it stays that way, and we're backing -- we had some client wins at Draftfcb. We want to continue that momentum. But that's an area that, with Carter coming onboard, we expect to see investments in talent and go-to-market strategies. So I would focus on those 2 global agencies as opportunities for us. Obviously, media continues to be a very good performer for us. There are a lot of media pitches out in the marketplace, and we certainly have the best-in-class media offerings. So I would look to seeing an expansion in terms of client wins on the media side. And I think the other aspect that we're seeing, SABIC is a good example of RFPs coming into IPG from the holding company's perspective. And the marketplace looking for the best of IPG, and that's one area that I think we've proven ourselves that we're very capable of doing that. We have a number of IPG solutions in the marketplace. The SABIC win, it was a head-on competition between us and the other holding companies, and we fared well. We have 1 other going on right now in terms of a holding company pitch, and we're cautiously optimistic on that one. So I think those are the trends we're seeing in the marketplace. And the marketplace -- you have to bring your best solutions to our clients, and we've been using a notion of open architecture for years, and I think I'm very pleased with the fact that we're starting to see real traction on the ability for our agencies, including our independents. When you see independent agencies tapping into Lowe, for example, for multinational pitches, if you will, and responses to their existing clients, that's a good indication of the depth of our resources.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I mean, they all won't be on-boarded for the full year, but certainly, their revenue will contribute to our expansion. But again, the point here is when you onboard new clients, you build up, you have to hire talent, and it's not until they're fully up and running do you really see the margin contributions that you expect to see with the fully serviced client, if you will. So it'll ramp up. It's all not going to happen -- you don't wave a magic wand, and all of a sudden, you ramp up and the margins are delivering. It takes over a period of time to do that, but I certainly rather be in that position than not have them.
Michael Isor Roth: On the share buybacks, if you just take a look at the first quarter, our average price was a little bit over $12, $12.25. So we don't look at it as certain price targets. The way to do this is, over a period of time, do it on a program basis. We do have some flexibility to move on blips of our share price, but the right way to do this is consistent with our cash flow and over a reasonable period of time. Otherwise, it distorts the marketplace, and it's not -- it's consistent with what -- the way we've done it in the past, and it's worked well for us.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, yes, again, you're right, and it's a standard question we get. We don't silo our digital offerings. We happen to have R/GA, Huge, MRM, which are separate if you want to call them digital agency. I wouldn't call them pure-play digital agencies, but they are viewed that way in the marketplace. But all our agencies, we -- frankly, we just had a board meeting up in Boston. And when we review our capabilities of our agency, you can see all the digital capabilities there. And if you look at, for example, Weber Shandwick, the capabilities of Weber Shandwick, particularly in the social media environment, so it really is across the board. All of our agencies have very strong digital capabilities. That said, R/GA and Huge are expanding globally. R/GA is in Latin America, it's in Asia Pac, it's in the U.K., it's in Budapest. So R/GA is expanding globally, and that's consistent with their growth, if you will. And Huge is expanding globally as well. So we are making investments in the expansion of those, if you want to call them pure-play digital agencies, but all of our agencies have digital capability, and we don't keep track of it. I find it hard to believe that people can really keep track of their digital play. Even in the siloed environment, it's hard to keep track of it, so that's the reason we don't put it out there. But it's a significant part of our growth and our future, which is why we're making the kind of investments in talent that we've been making.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I think one of the problems you run into in our first quarter is the size of the numbers. It doesn't take much, either in positive or negative, to have a material impact on the organic growth or lack of, all right? And I think we're seeing that in the first quarter. It's certainly -- 5.8% is a higher number than we would've expected, but again, that's not a material number, if you will. I would expect, absent a further deterioration in Europe, that, that number would get more in line with the low single-digit negative number, which was similar to what we had in 2012. So that is more in line. But again, if it varies from that, it's not going to have a significant impact on us because of -- as that number goes negative and the other numbers go positive, it becomes a smaller number in relation to our total revenue and profitability. So we don't like to see it go that way, but of course, that's the benefit of a holding company. The visibility, the issue we have there is local business. And we get better visibility into our global clients in terms of what their budgeting for their spend in those markets. But it's the local clients that are more subject to cutbacks on a short-term basis.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, frankly, we're not based over there, so certainly, some of our competitors have a greater percentage of their business in those markets, and I think you've seen it in their results. So I would say they're more exposed to it than we are, if you just look at the percentages. And that's all I can comment. I don't know with the rest of their business.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, the answer to your question is I hope we're that busy in pitches and spending money and converting it later on. Okay? I view that as money well spent. So if the explanation, not that I believe that's, in fact, going to be a truism, but if the explanation is that the ramp-up of expenses is greater because of pitch activity and we convert it to new business, I think you'll accept that explanation. But yes, I know, this is the way we manage our business, and we build up expenses for the pitches and we onboard people. What's interesting about our business, since we have some time, let me talk about it. When you win new business, you actually have to go out and recruit a significant amount of people to service those businesses. And so that's one of the explanations you see in a mismatch, if you will, on bringing new clients onboard, because you want to hire them as quickly as possible so that you're ready to take on and onboard the revenue stream. So that's part of what we're seeing. And yes, it may give some pressure on margin during that period, evidenced in the first quarter, but it should give rise to a greater expansion of margin. And obviously, when that happens, we'll build it into our forecast.
Michael Isor Roth: When you -- I can tell you this much. At this point in the year versus last year, we're in a much better position, so that's encouraging for us. And like I say, if we keep the backdoor closed, then obviously, that's the way we want to operate our business.
Michael Isor Roth: Again, it's -- the numbers are not that big. So what we need is one particular client to spend in the first quarter, and it somewhat distorts. I'm not putting the U.K. in the category of an emerging market, like Latin America. It's nice to see it positive, but I don't know whether we can continue to show those kinds of organic growth in the U.K.
Michael Isor Roth: I think we are well represented by Octagon. They're doing a great job. They are certainly a force in the marketplace, and we're comfortable with the work that they're doing and their size.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, this isn't that far from when we did our year-end numbers and we gave out our 2% to 3%. We haven't changed on that. I think that, certainly, the tone of the business is better than it was last year, but I'm not raising any flags in terms of our victory, in terms of turning the corner and getting back to the levels of 4% to 5% growth that we would like to see on an ongoing basis. So we're still cautious about it. And I think 2% to 3% is a fair number to use given the macroeconomic environment that we're in. We still have problems in Europe, and the spillover effect of that is real. The United States, although it's growing, is not growing at the rates I would like to see it growing at. And we still have issues, obviously, in Washington and what impact it has on confidence. I mean, this business is based on confidence. And until we get all these issues behind us, it's going to be hard for us to put out a number that shows any strength in the economy greater than the low-single digits that we're talking about. So the surprises -- Europe was a surprise, but how do you predict small numbers like that and the effect of it? So I think it was pretty consistent with what -- we do our forecasting on a bottoms-up. We're not -- no one is really great on a quarter-by-quarter basis in terms of how you can forecast this business. So that's why we were very careful in saying this is a full-year analysis, and that's how we manage our business. So I'm very comfortable now, with the numbers we've given, and it looks like, given the fact that we have these positive news, in our ability to achieve it.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, well, first of all, base salaries is obviously an important factor. As you ramp up people to service the business, your salary levels go up. We use temporary help during the period until we just -- our full-time capabilities within it. And sometimes, you see a little ramp-up in occupancy because we actually have to take some space for these people. For example, Mullen is going to beef up its presence on the West Coast because of the Acura win. So those are the kind of things that we're in a process of addressing.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, we had some more difficult comps in China that we had to deal with. We had an event in China, so we've -- the growth in China was not consistent with that because of that comp, if you will. Japan was relatively flat, slightly up, I believe. And Australia, as I said, and India were very solid. And LatAm, we talked about. In terms of pass-throughs, as Frank indicated in his remarks and I indicated in mine, the pass-through costs, well, the growth in our expense line is probably similar to what you see on the growth side.
Michael Isor Roth: Okay, well, my final comments are we're excited, we're encouraged by what we see in this first quarter, and we thank you for all your support. And we still have the rest of the year to go, so we're working hard. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: And you still have -- Alexia, have some pressure in the second quarter because of the timing. People are working against these new business opportunities now, and when the revenue comes onstream, maybe a little bit disjointed with the expenses being incurred.
Frank Mergenthaler: Bill, people get compensated on the margin they delivered. So if their severance creeps up, they've got to absorb that through revenue growth, rather than cost reductions.
Frank Mergenthaler: Thank you. It's a good assumption, Ben, to look at buybacks and the phasing in correlating with kind of our cash flows, which are seasonal, as you know, as you pointed out, that the first quarter is usually working capital negative. So they usually track pretty close. With respect to the Olympics and the third quarter, which was a big impact, the actual headwinds, I can't remember what that number is, quite frankly, in the U.K.
Frank Mergenthaler: Almost all of the growth in the O&G line comes from pass-throughs. If we provide an update in there, you can do that.
Peter Stabler: A question on Europe. I realize it's only 10% in the quarter. But I guess, I'm just trying to get a sense of whether you were significantly surprised by the continued weakness here. I guess, to put it another way, what's your visibility in Europe? Is it more difficult in Europe, given all the uncertainties, to look out multiple quarters than it is, let's say, in the U.S. even though you might be dealing with similar multinational clients? And then can you touch on -- I think you said that your expectations for the year don't include any sort of estimate for a recovery in Europe? Recovery is probably not the word any of us would use. I guess...
Peter Stabler: We're trying to understand if your expectations bake in a level of continued decay or whether you think that there's at least stabilization that might be possible.
Peter Stabler: Just one quick follow-up there, Michael. Do you think you guys are any more or less exposed to local than your peers, who generally talk about half the business being in these markets being global and half being local.
