Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry. And thank you all for joining us this morning as we review our results for the quarter. I'll start by covering highlights of our performance. Frank will then provide additional detail, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies, to be followed by our Q&A. We're pleased to report another quarter of solid revenue and operating profit growth. Our net revenue organic growth was 3.6% in Q1, and operating income exceeded 12% from a year-ago. Growth in the U.S. was notably strong at 4.3%, while international growth was 2.6%, paced by strong results in the UK and LatAm. Our increases were driven by a wide range of disciplines, including media, our digital specialists, our creative-led integrated agencies and our events and sports marketing agencies. This continues to underscore the strength and competitiveness of our offerings across the portfolio and is an encouraging start to the year. Q1 operating profit was $39 million compared with $35 million last year, which reflects both our topline growth and the effectiveness of our ongoing disciplines around expenses. As you know, our first quarter is seasonally small in terms of revenue, while total costs are distributed fairly evenly through the year. That said, our performance is indicative of solid progress toward our full-year financial targets. Returning to the topline, our growth reflects contributions from a wide range of our agencies, most notably Mediabrands, Huge, McCann, FCB, MullenLowe Group, Octagon, Jack Morton and Deutsch. We saw our increases from both new business wins and existing client spend. In terms of client sectors, we were led by increases in the financial services, healthcare and auto and transportation. Our capital structure continued to be a source of value creation. As announced in February, our Board increased our dividend by 17%, marking the sixth consecutive year of double-digit percentage increases. We also announced in February that our Board had authorized another $300 million toward share repurchase. We used $55 million to repurchase 2.4 million shares in the first quarter, and we have 400 million remaining on our outstanding repurchase authorizations. Earlier this month, Fitch Investor Services upgraded our senior debt credit ratings to BBB+, further recognizing our Company's strong credit profile. We're pleased that our performance continues to reflect the excellence of our people. Outstanding consumer insights grounded in data and analytics, industry-leading creativity and the delivery of efficient and precisely targeted communications have all become hallmarks of IPG and our agencies. The top-tier media, creative, marketing services, digital and business transformation capabilities we have across the portfolio continue to be differentiators for us. By always keeping the clients' needs front and center, we combine all of these skill sets into customized, integrated, open-architecture solutions. This, in turn, positions us strongly in the evolving world of media and marketing. We are always highly focused on capitalizing on growth to drive further margin expansion and capital returns as well as continuing to invest in our businesses. The strength of our offerings, coupled with strong operating discipline, is a winning combination for clients and shareholders alike. As you know, Q1 is seasonally small for us, and there remains macro uncertainty to contend with as we move forward through the year. But we are confident that performance to date and the current tone of business has us on track to deliver on the growth and income targets we have outlined for the full-year, which is in the high end of 2% to 3% organic growth and 60 to 70 basis points of operating margin expansion from our restated 2017 results. At this stage, I'll turn it over to Frank for additional detail on our results. And after his remarks, I'll be back to provide our update on our agencies and the tone of business, followed by a Q&A.
Michael Roth: Great. Good questions, Alexia, as always. Glad you picked up on the consumer side. What we did see - and by the way, our performance in this quarter is reflective of both additional spend by existing clients and by net new business wins. And we've seen that in the consumer goods, particularly in the U.S. So in the U.S., actually, consumer goods was up 10%, and that was reflective of new business wins and some additional client spend in the U.S. On a global basis, however, consumer goods was basically flat. So we did see some, obviously, cuts continuing in Europe with respect to some of our consumer goods clients, but that was offset by the positive results in the U.S. On the digital side, when I discuss project-based businesses and I refer to, for example, Huge, last year, as I indicated, we had a lot of these large, project-based businesses that didn't repeat, and that had an adverse effect in our results in 2017. What we did see in the first quarter, particularly at Huge and MRM was a pickup in those types of projects and new business win combination. So that accounts for the increase in our digital businesses in the U.S. We also saw a good positive pickup on the digital side of our businesses at Mediabrands, particularly at Cadreon and Reprise.
Michael Roth: Look, obviously, my view, and I think it's the correct one, is that in order to grow brands, you have to spend marketing dollars, period. In the last couple of months, I have been meeting with the top CEOs of a number of our global clients. And during those discussions, obviously, I asked those questions. And in fact, one of the CEOs specifically said, don't be bashful to mention the fact that we believe in building our brands and investing marketing dollars. The same is true as the other CEOs, because how else can you compete on an e-commerce basis if you don't have, first of all, a quality product, or let's assume that product is quality. It's not - you're not in the game, but you have to build brand loyalty. You have to build brand recognition to compete on the e-commerce platform. And the CEOs recognize that that's an imperative for them to gain market share or, in fact, maintain revenue growth. So the answer is yes. The tone from these clients is that we have to spend marketing dollars. On the other side, they want to make sure that they're not throwing money away on their marketing dollars. So that's where we actually come into the picture. Not only do we come up with a big creative idea to help brand affiliation and brand loyalty, we have to come out with the right platform and allocation of media and insights, combine that with the creative to help them move the needle. And that's where the battle is being fought right now. So that's why you hear us talking about investing in data analytics. That's how why you hear me talking about our data analytics isn't just applicable to media allocations. It's also applicable to our creative content. So all of this is with a view towards meeting the needs of our clients to provide those insights and brand loyalty buildup. So they're talking about it. In fact, I was listening to the earnings call yesterday on a number of companies, and clearly, they were all talking about increasing marketing spend. And in this environment, you have to do that.
Michael Roth: I think the reason our conversation is focusing on our operating income, because that's the relevant number. If you look at our revenue, if you look at our expenses and you have operating income, that's real growth and it's real tone of business reflected in those numbers.
Michael Roth: Look, the number of the reviews are either as a result of a three-year timeframe when typically these big companies, from a procurement point of view, have a mandatory review. The other way of looking at it is with all the complexity and all the changes in the marketplace, it's healthy for them to look at their offerings and how it comes together. Every one of the RFPs that we're getting are coming into a holding company issue of what resources can you put to work on our needs, and you come back with a solution. Now each of us in the industry have different ways of approaching that. Our way of approaching it, we've been doing it for 12 years, is open architecture, where we bring together the best that IPG has to offer. And it may be focused more on a medium pitch, bringing in creative and other capabilities to it, or maybe from the creative side where we show the insights from data analytics and how that works. And that's what's going to win on these pitches that are out there. Clients want to see our capability on an integrated basis to bring in all the resources we have. And the good news on the pitches that you've been reading about is most of them are not our clients. So we view them as opportunities. That said, your next question is going to be, well, what are your clients, okay? And obviously, we still have the Army, which is a nice account for us that we've had for 12 years. Finally, it was a mandatory review. We're in the final stages of that, and that's both for media and creative. And McCann is a trusted partner of the Army, and we're working that and hope to hear from them, obviously, this year, we hope. But it's that's one. We have Dunkin' Donuts media review up there. And of course, Volkswagen was just recently announced where we do the creative work in the U.S. at Deutsch. And those are the major reviews that we have that are public out there, and the rest that you see are opportunities for us in which we're participating.
Michael Roth: They've always looked to IPG for stability, which is a great statement to make - given those you know the history of IPG. Look, I think the fact that we've been certainly the leaders in the transparency and agnostic view of allocation in media, I think all of that lends itself to our credibility in dealing with our clients. And I heard that directly in some pitches where the consultants sort of had it as a given that we're wearing a white hat, and the way we approach these things is with the client interest first. And that reputation helps us considerably. And it's how we go to market. And I think if you remember the last time we had Mediapalooza, we did quite well in it. And I don't like to jinx things, but we hope to do well this year on the new pitches, and I said most of those are new opportunities for us. On the Volkswagen one, they are looking for global consolidation. We do the U.S. Volkswagen with Deutsch. They're very happy with the work that Deutsch has been doing. So obviously, we're going to put our best foot forward on that one, but other than that, these are all opportunities. And obviously in this marketplace, it's very competitive, and clients are looking for stability and agencies that they can trust. And I'd like to believe that we're that agency and holding company that has those kinds of people and offerings.
Michael Roth: All right, well, let me go back - I didn't answer one of John's questions, but it ties into what you're talking about, and that is his question about tax. And being a former tax guy, I do have clients, whether they're using their tax dollars to increase marketing spend, which ties into the macro economics. And I have had some conversations where look, none of our clients, frankly, unfortunately, had capital constraints in terms of where they spend their money. But I did for the first time, in Davos, for example, meet with some clients who indicated that the tax law changes were beneficial as it was to us. And therefore, some of those tax dollars will be used in marketing dollars, which is good. But the real issue for them is the return on investment for the marketing dollars. And if we can prove it, they'll spend the money and they have it. The macroeconomic issues that I raised is both. One is stability and frankly, the global environment. I mean, we can't disregard any issues that might impact the macroeconomic. Right now, frankly, the tone is very positive, particularly in the U.S., and we hope that continues. But you always have to put the caveat out there that this is subject to macroeconomic impact, which we know we saw at one time years ago, and we always have to put that out there. But right now, the tone is very positive, and there are sectors that are coming under strain. And yes, the question on consumer goods is relevant to that because we did see significant cutbacks in consumer goods when there were activists, when there were pressures on margin. But I think our clients are realizing that you can't continue not to spend marketing dollars and drive revenue because it's hard to cut just expenses without revenue to increase margin. So I'm somewhat - I'll put it out there that it feels like some of the bleeding on consumer goods and cuts is slowing down, I'll put it that way. And in some cases, it stopped. And that's an opportunity for us. And I have to believe that as long as the macroeconomic environment continues to be positive, whether it be in Europe, particularly in the UK, which is obviously, we've shown good performance in the UK again at 7.8% organic growth, net organic growth, that clients will feel more comfortable spending and converting that marketing dollars to revenue and margin.
Michael Roth: Well - look, 62% of our business is in the U.S., right? And therefore, it's kind of important that we continue that. And if you look at the fourth quarter and you look at the first quarter, our U.S. performance is outperforming. And you know what, if that's the way it is, we'll take it.
Michael Roth: Yes, - you're correct. Right now, GDPR is a European issue because at the end of the month, it comes into effect. Now this didn't sneak up on us, all right? So we knew it was coming. And frankly, let me - I think it's totally appropriate for transparency and privacy to be in the forefront of what we do. And we've tackled this in a centralized basis because that's the way to deal with it when you're dealing with a global company and when you have global clients. And we set up appropriate teams and we're very comfortable that when the time comes at the end of May, we will be ready for it, and we will be able to pass whatever issues come to us under that environment. And we've been working very closely with our third-party providers where a lot of these issues come into play. And frankly, our expertise in this is relevant to both third-party providers as well as our clients. So we have seen clients working with us to make sure they're compliant as well. So we just recently had calls on this. We've had a presentation to our Board of Directors on this. And we're very comfortable where - how we are positioned to meet the needs of this. And look, the regulations are coming out. Some haven't come out yet, but - and we're monitoring it very closely, but we have the appropriate structure within IPG to solve any issues that come out of these regulations. And then look, this is going to evolve. No one is going to get it 100% right. The ethics of our data and relationship with our clients, our consumers and third-parties is a top priority for us and we're comfortable that we'll be able to meet those needs.
Michael Roth: Yes, no, I think clients will continue to spend. Look, they realize this was on the horizon as well, and we haven't seen any pullbacks. And let me just add, because that's probably a follow-up question, we haven't seen any major pullbacks in light of the Facebook issues that are out there as well. Look, it's a concern. We're working with Facebook to make sure that third-party data has the appropriate permissions that are necessary. Client information, as long as clients are using their own data on Facebook, that seems to be okay. So there are ways to deal with this, and Facebook every day is coming out with new solutions to it. So I think that, ultimately, we'll all get this right, but clients are not pulling back to date as a result.
Michael Roth: Funny you should ask that question. Look, obviously, the tax rate - first of all, its small revenue in the first quarter. And the real reason why our tax rate is so high is that, if you recall, when Frank was talking about the disposition of assets, we had $20 some-odd million of write-offs. We had some losses in foreign countries, if you will, which we don't have the benefit. And we don't get the benefit of the tax losses for the write-offs that we were referring to. So that had an abnormal impact on our tax rate in the first quarter. That said, we still believe a 27% to 28% effective tax rate for the full-year is what you should use. So there was nothing, other than not getting the benefit of some of the losses in the first quarter that caused that tax rate to be so high.
Michael Roth: Yes. We said this in the call in February, actually. So if you looked at our cash tax rate, which is different in our book tax rate, our cash tax rate is more like 23% to 24%. And the reason it's higher than the statutory number is we have earnings, under the new tax law, we're going to be taxed on unrepatriated earnings. So that's built into our cash taxes for the full-year. And the 28% reflects the lower tax rate on our earnings for the full-year in the U.S. So that's why you should use 28% for a book tax rate, we're comfortable in that number, and 23% to 24% on a cash tax basis in the U.S. And I might add, overall, the effect of the new tax law should benefit us net-net in the range of $50 million for the full-year.
Michael Roth: Yes, I know it's a fair question. You like to see stability. And look, we have over 90 units to 100 units within IPG. So if we're not making changes, something's wrong, okay, because somewhere in the world is something not going right or could be done better. So we're constantly looking. And whenever we make a change, we obviously look to make it positive and an opportunity to reposition either the portfolio company and management to make sure that it's consistent with the standards and the go-to-market strategies that we have. And the changes that we made this year were in that context. Either there was - unfortunately in one case, we had a difficult fact pattern, in particular at The Martin Agency, which we had to deal with very quickly. And I'm actually delighted with the changes that we put in, in The Martin Agency. They're back on track. As I indicated, we won some new business. And Kristen has been very well-received at The Martin Agency, and we're pretty excited about what we're going to see there. The changes we made at Huge were also very positive and very well-received. I'm very happy with the results of that. In fact, Huge was one of our top performers in the first quarter. As far as the businesses that we are removing, every year, we look at underperforming businesses that don't make sense. In the old days, we had to be in every market with every agency. That's not the way to operate efficiently. And candidly, our clients don't operate that way, so why should we? So every year, we take a look at all of these underperforming assets. When we do quarterly business reviews, we go by regions, and we see which regions are making money and which aren't. And if they're not delivering and they're dilutive, we have to have a good business reason why those businesses are operating the way they are. And what we came to after our business reviews that these particular businesses were underperforming, and they were not strategic to our portfolio. And if we weren't doing that, you would think we weren't paying attention to our objectives and our operating our business. That's what the holding company does, right, it allocates capital and resources. So I'm very comfortable with the changes we made. I'm more comfortable, in particular with the additions that we've made in terms of talent and capabilities in the fastest growing parts of our business. And you should continue to see us do that because that's indicative of us recognizing that this market is changing, and we have to be and have the talent to be able to meet those challenges.
Michael Roth: Well, thank you all very much. Obviously, we're excited about the first quarter, but we got a lot of the years to come, so we look forward to our next call.
Frank Mergenthaler: Do you know what, Ben, we made a decision to restate the prior year, right, so it's complete apples-to-apples. So there should be no issue around the accounting as it relates to comparability in each quarter. And that's why we released the 8-K on Monday to show the restated 2017.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John. The first quarter is our smallest quarter profitability-wise. So the metric of 1.6% severance seems high. We still model 1% for the full year, and there's nothing - that was baked into our guidance. So we should start to see incremental leverage through the salary line.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Jason, that projected rate is bottoms-up built by market and projected profitability, and it also includes state taxes in the U.S. So it's not a top-down number, it's bottoms-up, and that's the best thinking we have now.
