Michael Roth: Yeah, that's a fair question. Obviously, look, we're not happy with the results, but I do think we - we spent a lot of time analyzing what's going on with respect to our specific clients. The reason why I don't think it's secular, first, let's look at the areas that you raise, consumer goods. Obviously, our entire industry is seeing some pullbacks there. And as I indicated, the threats in the consumer goods in terms of profit margins for our clients are real. But I think the clients have recognized, they had stated that their object here is to consolidate agencies and be more efficient. And in that case, we're very well positioned with respect to our clients in the consumer goods side. And we believe we will end up on the plus side of that consolidation with respect to our major clients. And again, consumer goods is about 8% of our sectors. But that said, they're big clients and they presented good opportunities for us in the future. What's interesting in the consumer goods side, frankly, we saw a positive in the U.S. on consumer goods as a result of particularly FCB winning a particular client. So that's encouraging for us, although overall consumer goods was down. The other area, which is not too dissimilar, is parts of food and beverage. And we saw a negative impact in that. And candidly, a good reason for the decline in the food and beverage reflect some client losses that we had in that sector. So that is weighing on us in terms of particular segment. On the positive side, when you look at our strength in healthcare, healthcare is 22% of our business. Once again, we saw a very strong performance in healthcare, across McCann, FCB, our key healthcare global agencies and we've seen positive opportunities. I might add that we also want some additional business from these clients. So healthcare continues a strong sector for us. Other actually is a strong sector for us, it was quarter as well, which - particularly government side and some unique companies and some technology side. One that historically has been very strong for us was tech and telecom. And in this quarter, we saw a reduction in tech and telecom. But a good part of that is the impact of pass-throughs. Last year, we had two very big events in tech and telecom which didn't repeat. So that had a negative impact on tech and telecom. And frankly, the other reason that some of our sectors are down, is we are cycling through some large clients in the United States. Now, the good news is we continue to be net new business, slightly positive, let's call it equal for the full year. But we still have to cycle through a number of larger clients, particularly in the U.S., although SEAT was in Europe that is hurting our organic growth. So I know - we have new business coming on stream, which offsets the cycling through of these losses. And I don't get to do this, but I'll say it anyhow. Had we not had those losses our organic growth would be on the top of the scale if you will in terms of organic growth. So that's another reason, I'd like to say, why I think the tone of the business is not reflected in the results that we're seeing today. There is a lot of new business activity. We see that. There aren't a lot of big agency of record pitches that are out there. But certainly on the media side, we're seeing a number of pitches and we're faring well in those and hope to add some new ones, wins to announce shortly. So I hope that gives you a sense of what's happening out there.
Michael Roth: Well, look, there is no question that there is a tendency to some clients to bring digital in-house. But the reality is what we're talking about are large projects. We said this in the last call. Our digital businesses have become so embedded into the clients' businesses they're very large projects. And as we know like any project business, when those businesses are challenged from a P&L point of view, the easiest place for them to cut on the cost side is to cut those projects, so in particular on the digital side of these large projects. And frankly, I know you're being kind on asking why we didn't do this in the second quarter. We had these projects on the shelf and, frankly, we thought they would be coming to fruition within the third or fourth quarter. And clients are yet to be able to - or indicated that they will be pulling the trigger on those projects. So therefore it was appropriate for us to change our outlook and a lot of that has to do with these large scale projects both in the digital side of our business and in our PR side of the business, which as you know are very much project oriented. So that's why I believe going forward there is no question that the value-added of these agencies are real and clients will need to frankly implement a lot of these projects at their environment gets competitive.
Michael Roth: You're always asking those questions, Alexia. They're the right questions. It's too soon for us to comment on 2018. Obviously, where we will focus on in our businesses is what the visibility and likelihood of the project. We can forecast agency of record type businesses. We know what's in the contract, we know what the Xs are, we know what the deliverables are, and obviously, we do a bottoms-up analysis of it. And we'll have to overly our best guess on what happens to these projects. And the good news is - these are not insignificant projects. They're necessary for our clients. They're key to the deliverables that we deliver with respect to the targeted growth of our clients. So I believe, they will come on stream, the difficulty we're doing this quarter-to-quarter, as I've always said is clients don't pay attention to our quarters. And we will do whatever we can to help them see the light in terms of the value of these projects. But it's too soon for us to say, how that's going to shake out in 2018.
Michael Roth: Yeah, look, I think, there's no question that China, a lot of the expectations for growth in China were overblown. And I think, what we're seeing in China is coming back to a more normal expectation for growth in China. That said, there's growth in China. We were negative in China in the quarter, I think, those were - I know, those were more client specific than the industry, and you're correct. Local businesses have had an impact on the pullback in that. Our multinationals in China will continue to spend in China, but local businesses is something that we have to focus on and there those are very much project oriented. The good news is in Australia, we saw a very strong impact in the third quarter, particularly at R/GA, which is again one of those digital type project based businesses, where we see - when we win them and the clients pull the trigger, it has a very positive impact on our business. And I think that's what we are going to be seeing. Also we saw a strong - we saw strength in Singapore last quarter, and this quarter. We have been seeing such strength and remember our comps were much - a little more difficult from last year. But the tone in China is more realistic than the high growth. And I think, you're right to focus on local, which why we've added, for example, McCann, we've added a lot of new talent in China too and the same in FCB to focus on local markets.
Michael Roth: Yeah, India - historically, India has been one of our stronger market, I think, you have to look at India as being very client specific. Again, it's not that large and but it's one of our stronger markets. And in particular, we were cycling and had some negative impact on clients in India, I don't think it's an overall industry or economic issue, it's very client specific to us. Frankly, we lost a client in India, and we're seeing the impact of that.
Michael Roth: Well, yeah. Again - the reason, we adjusted our numbers is because it's hard to predict when these projects are going to be going online and when clients are going to pull the trigger. And we all of a sudden, didn't get much smarter now than we were before on projects, clients surprise us. When we put out our forecast in the second quarter, we had these projects ready to go, and that's why we put out the numbers that we did and clients just pullback. So yes, you're right, fourth quarter is typically project-based businesses. But I think, what we're seeing in these large projects are all year-long, not just the fourth quarter, and we're dependent on the timing when clients are going to pull them on stream. The good news is, take for example R/GA. R/GA had a lot of new business wins in the third quarter, and they will flow through. Now whether they'll flow through in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter of next year, we're still mapping out. So I can't really ask you - answer that question. But the good news is, they're winning business, and the question of timing of that is something that a little more difficult now given the project environment that we're in.
Michael Roth: Okay. Let me talk about pass-throughs, because it's a very relevant question. It sounds like every time we say this, it sounds like we're being defensive about it. You're right, we've been in the process over the last - Frank and the CMG team have been looking at contract changes, and some of them - frankly, some of the differences as a result in changes the contract, okay. I have to point out, I know, they're looking at me, and they don't want to me say this, but I'll tell you. Next year, the accounting for these things are going to be different, okay, and in fact, next year under the new accounting rules, which we will be implementing, we will be showing it net, okay. Because, that's the way the rules dictate. So both - the answer is yes, we're constantly looking at our contract to change them to agency versus principal, and we've had some success with that. But more importantly, the accounting I believe, next year will more probably reflect the net revenue and the impact, which is, again, why - when I say that we added in the 2% in the U.S. after pass-throughs that's the true measure of our business. And 2% is more consistent with what we're seeing in the industry and what we were forecasting than the number that shows gross without adding back the impact of pass-throughs. So it's confusing. We apologize for doing it both ways, but next year, we won't be doing that. And you're right, we are focusing on contracts. With respect to CMG, look, Weber Shandwick, for the last, I don't know how many years have beaten the entire industry, and it's been a key driver for our organic growth. And as you know, this business is project-based business. And frankly, it was disappointing to see, particularly at Weber Shandwick, a drop-off in that project business. And all the reasons we were talking about project businesses before we're applying to Weber Shandwick. I'll let Frank add some details to that since CMG reports up to Frank.
Michael Roth: Yeah, some of the government spending is, in fact, in Weber Shandwick as well. And that you've read about, particularly in the healthcare side, and that was - that's a perfect example of project-based businesses that are nice-sized businesses that for whatever reason, whether it be government pullback or the president or whatever you want to say ended up and putting it and taking it off the shelf and not triggering it. So we saw an impact of that particularly at Weber Shandwick.
Michael Roth: By the way, let me just add on the other side of that, Octagon had a very solid quarter, and they are not - although they're part of CMG, they are performing very well.
Michael Roth: Yeah. No, that's - I mean, that's - as usual that's a great question. There's no question that there are clients out there that are viewing the AOR relationship a little differently and tend to be more project-based business than historically. The other side of that coin, we continue to have particularly at McCann, very strong long-term relationships with large multinationals that require an AOR contract, because of the breadth of offerings within McCann servicing those clients on a global basis. So those clients, obviously, the AOR relationship is critical, and we see that continuing. There may be some pullback in spending here and there, but the relationship with those clients, they're 75-years old, and they continue to be very embedded into what the businesses are, but there are some projects within that, that affect us. What's interesting is we are seeing, and it's a good chance for me to talk about this open architecture, call it whatever you will, we use open architecture, because we feel that by bringing all the different resources within IPG and not restructuring the entire company is a much more efficient and better way for us to meet the needs of the clients as they look to us for more services that's the opportunity. I have to tell you, the last few pitches that we've received even when they start out as media RFPs, they're looking for open architecture solutions, where we can bring and put as a seat at the table, other resources within IPG to help those clients. That's where I think the opportunity is, with respect to what our business is looking at. This is when we can bring in media, the data analytics, the insights and then bring them to life with execution with strong creative opportunities, execution, experiential. This is the kind of stuff that when we're sitting in the room on these pitches, and you bring all these different resources. This is what clients are looking for, they don't have to do it on a piecemeal basis. And if we do a good job at it, we have tremendous opportunities here. And again, it also ties into your questions about whether consulting firms can do this. Consulting firms have yet to be able to be in a position of providing all those different resources that we put at that table, whether it be media, whether it be experiential, whether it be the creative. Let's not forget the value of our creative offerings. You have seen tremendous success at McCann, at FCB, at MullenLowe. All of these are very strong powerful creative offerings that clients still need. Where it's distributed and how you distribute it needs the resources of all the different businesses that we bring to the table, but you still need that creative offering to bring light to the relationship between the brands and the consumers. So I'm very bullish about our ability to bring those resources together. So if clients, yes, has some of them go to a project-based business, and we can compete head-to-head with anybody. But the overall relationship is one, that I think really adds value to our clients. And when we do it right, frankly, it compelling.
Michael Roth: Yeah, look, the media business continues to be our best performing business within our businesses. And it's not by accident, because all the confusions out there is - I use my favorite term, confusion - all the confusion that's out there in the marketplace needs an independent view of where clients should spend their money, whether it'd be in digital, whether it'd be TV, whether it'd be experiential. And the insights in data analytics that our media businesses bring to that table are incredible. I've sat in on a number of the pitches that we've been involved, and I just sit there and listen to the insights and the capabilities that we bring to some of the most sophisticated marketers in the world. And they're looking for that. And frankly, that's why we're seeing an uptick in media RFPs, because they realize that the only place that they can get those that type of insight and capability are from our types of businesses and our media businesses. And that's why I think we've invested significantly in the data analytics. As you know, we made a commitment in the beginning of the year to bring a good part of that data analytics into IPG, so it's available across all of our agencies, not just the media side. And that's working well. Cadreon and Reprise are doing tremendous in terms of digital growth and insights. And frankly, when we win these businesses, we win it because of the tools and resources that we bring to the table. So, yes, media is where all the action is happening right now and we bring in the insights, the digital capabilities on a regular basis and it's proven that we are best in class. And we beat a number of our competitors obviously in this arena, given the new business wins that we had on the media side. There is pressure if you will on the media side, with respect to pricing and that there is no question that there is some competitors out there that view getting into the media business as an opportunity to get into the other sides of the business. And therefore, they're willing to do what I call the irrational acts on some of the pricing. But the sophisticated clients that we have known that that's not a long-term solution in terms of how they handle their media business and we emphasize that. And so, media is a very strong course if you will for us driving our business.
Michael Roth: I do want to add. We've been talking about getting to investment grade. And we always said one of the reasons investment grade was important to us was to have a commercial paper program. So we have that up and running. It's a very effective way for us to handle the ups and downs in terms of cash requirements, given the volatility on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And the commercial paper program is doing very well and we expect to see that move forward as one of the tools we have to manage our cash flow. So I think we're very well positioned, both in terms of handling our maturities on the balance sheet, as well as handling the working capital ups and downs that Frank was talking to through all the different commercial paper programs and access to capital markets that we have.
Michael Roth: Yeah, look, the most logical place for them to grow as an add-on to what they're already there. Look, they're basically systems consolidators out there. And while they're there they bought digital expert - what they think are digital experts to help them. And frankly, sometimes they throw them in for nothing, because they want to make sure that they continue the relationship. So the digital part of it is where they have the best argument that they can add some CRM expertise and that's more where we see them. On the creative side, they made attempts to buy some creative agencies. Candidly, I think one of my competitors commented about some of the agencies that they bought. And I agree, I mean, the firepower that we have on the creative side of the business, and how it's embedded in what we do is going to be very difficult to unseat by these particular companies. That said, that's what we bring to the table when we compete with them. And we don't see a lot of them, but if we're going to see them, we see them more on the digital side than anywhere else. And frankly, we saw it in the case that I talked about. And, given the firepower that Huge brings to the table, both on the digital side, creative side, as well as other areas of insights that we bring, that we're comfortable in our ability to compete. R/GA I might add has also come up against them. And frankly, I think I mentioned this on the last call. There was one piece of business that we lost to one of them. And six months later, we got the business back, because they couldn't deliver. So, yeah, they're out there, they're trying and I understand it. And I've always said this. I think it's better for those firms to partner with us, than compete with us. I still am waiting for my phone call. But, look, I do believe that they have some expertise, they have some relationships with clients that are very strong. And if we were to work closely with them and bring in our firepower with theirs to meet the needs of their clients, it's a pretty compelling offering. But who knows what's going to happen in the future. But right now, we're pretty comfortable with our ability to compete with them head to head.
Michael Roth: Yeah, look, right now it's easier for them to focus on the digital side of the business. And again, it depends on which consultants you're talking about. Take business transformation, because that's really an area that, that - it's a different consultancy, right? And, for example, R/GA and Huge have business transformation offerings that are very attractive. There we come across the consultants more than we do on the pure digital side. But there we are able to bring in from cradle to grave all the different issues that business transformation requires, whether it'd be new product deliveries, whether it'd be design capability. All of these things are within our capabilities that we bring to the table. So that's - again, I think consultants have an ability on the business transformation side, because of the relationships they have with these clients. But we have relationships, and you're right, the CMO will be a depository, if you will, of all these different offering and everyone banging on their door in terms of what they can bring to the table. And where there is wealth and we fought for those relationships. And what we do is with our clients we constantly bring to them the various offerings that we have within IPG or the network for example that's working with them, and the ability under the open architecture to bring in those resources to meet the needs of their clients. That's what we have to do more of and that's why in these RFPs that we're getting they're asking us to put forth what we can deliver. So, yeah, the business is changing, but I'm very comfortable with what we have, whether it'd be through our global networks, McCann, FCB, MullenLowe, our digital capabilities and our media offerings. And then if you add PR to it, that's a very, very impressive resource that you bring to the table.
