Michael Isor Roth: Yes, that's a fair question and obviously Alexia, that's a key question that we try to address in our opening remarks. In particular since its yearend, we are a little more detailed in our presentation, so forgive us for that. But I look at it in a simple way. There are three buckets that we look at when we compare our targets and our actual results. The first obviously is weakness in Continental Europe which you point out. If you look at its percentages versus our goal, that's an excess of 60% of the mix, if you will, versus our target. If you add on top of that, so obviously the bulk of it is from Europe notwithstanding its size, okay. The second pieces as we talked about is the ramp up – the failure to reduce our salaries ahead of some revenue weakness as we had in some of our agencies. Part of that was that we were investing in the future in terms of talent. Remember, 2013 is a year where we had some changes in our structural agencies in terms of leadership and as a result, we had some replacements and obviously new leadership and new talent across strategic, creative and frankly management leading those agencies. So that's the second bucket. And obviously we didn't cut fast enough against some of the revenue shortages which is reflected in those ratios. The third bucket has to do with new business. Particularly, we saw a lot of new business expenses on the digital side from our agency and it's reflected in our new business wins which were positive in 2013, which is why we're comfortable when we talk about how all of this is going to convert into 2014. If you just look at the expense that we took in terms of the restructure, because we look at 40 million to 50 million return in 2014 which is a pretty good base return. The question is why aren't we seeing a 100% of it? And obviously when you take out people in Europe, it has caused us a little more than in the United States. The second part of it has to do with structurally in our refinancing, we have $30 million to $40 million of savings on our interest expense. So when you put all that together, we're disappointed in not achieving our margin in 2013 but I think what's clear is we took some significant actions to position ourselves for 2014 which is why we're comfortable with a 100 basis point expansion in our margin given the 3% to 4% organic revenue growth in 2014. So I hope that clarify – those three buckets are critical in terms of why we missed against our target. And let me just reiterate. The reason I talked about our target was as I said given – you pull out currency from an operating income point of view, we were relatively flat. So, the tone of our business wasn't as difficult as it was reflected in some of the deceases in margin that you saw.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, it's a tailwind going into the first half of the year. So notwithstanding, we had a few client losses in the last part of 2013. But even that for the first half of the year '14, we should be positive and have tailwinds, which is part of the growth that we anticipate in 2014.
Michael Isor Roth: 40 million is not in all Europe, all right. Obviously, the majority of it is. And yes, while we were disappointed in terms of how we managed in 2013 and the negative performance in Europe, which is what gave rise to the restructuring and how we starting looking at that. Our plans for 2014 did not call for a major recovery in Continental Europe but it does call for a leveling loss, if you will. So that's build into our forecast for 2014.
Michael Isor Roth: You're right on. That's what I was alluding to rather than just focusing on revenue declines. When I said we made investments in growth, we saw major additions at McCann, at Draftfcb and Lowe and frankly some of our independent agencies which frankly is one of the reasons we saw improvement and our new business wins and how we're pretty excited about the pipeline that we have going into 2014. So 2013 the way I look at it was we finished very strong on the revenue side and we right-sized as best we can our European operations. Let's not forget we also did two acquisitions to help us. Inferno is a good addition for Draftfcb and we expect to see some improvement in Continental Europe as a result of that and Profero which a great addition for the Lowe network. So, yes, we made investments in talent. And, of course, McCann we saw additions of individuals like Rob Reilly in particular on the creative side and McCann reflecting in its new business win and it's a win in terms of recognition for its creative side. We're feeling very good about the prospects for McCann on a global basis going into 2014. So, yes, we continued to invest in our talent and I'm very comfortable with the leadership we now have across all of our networks. We made changes in some of our independents. Karen Kaplan was made Chairman and CEO of Hill Holliday. We have Alex in Mullen taking over there and we merged Campbell Ewald with Lowe. So, I think we are very well positioned from a competitive point of view going into 2014.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, let's not forget the fact that 50% of our revenue comes from the United States, 56%. So obviously that's a very strong driver. And frankly that's been the exciting part of the growth in the United States because so much of our business comes from that place. If you look at our marketing services businesses as well, a fair chunk of that is coming here in the United States. If you look at the global part of it, we saw great growth in Brazil, China and India. There was slight pullback in Q4 for 2013 but on a year-to-date basis, we saw double-digit growth in most of those markets which pulled back a little in the fourth quarter. So we're expecting to see continued strong results in LatAm as well as in Asia Pac, but a lot of it SKU between 56% of business comes from the United States which frankly is a good thing from our perspective. But if you look at where we've made investments in acquisitions, we strengthened our disciplines in India with acquisitions, we did a few acquisitions in LatAm which helped us and obviously in Europe I already covered some of the acquisitions. Our pipeline for the future acquisitions is frankly more global than U.S. So our goal here is obviously to increase our exposure in the growth markets and participate that way. But I think we saw some pullback in the international markets that I just referred to in the fourth quarter and that led to the SKU-ing, if you will, of a greater portion in the U.S.
Michael Isor Roth: One thing I forget is our independent agencies. Obviously, we have very strong independent agencies which are frankly more domestic and there were very successful. We looked at Mullen with its win at Acura and a couple of our other independent agencies Deutsch, the Martin agency, we have new business wins there. Look, new business wins are great. It takes a while for them to really flow though in terms of our margin. We've always said our strength in our existing clients and if you look at our top clients, we saw 6% growth on a worldwide basis in our top 20 clients and that has been and will continue to be the source of strength and growth for our company. Obviously when we get up to bat in terms of new business wins as I indicated, we're doing fairly well and with the addition of all the new talents and just look this morning; Draftfcb, the announcement on – I gather. I said soon to be announced but here it was announced. They picked up Trulia. So, we added new talent obviously under Carter's leadership and we're seeing results already coming into place. So, new business is great. We're going to hopefully win more than we lose if there are any. But the key source of our strength is our existing global clients and existing clients and the growth from those.
Michael Isor Roth: I'll let Frank answer the pass-through but we think given the talent, we should outperform our industry every year, okay. And by investing in our new talent across McCann, Draftfcb, Lowe and our independent from our perspective we think the answer to that should be yes. And frankly that's why we invested in the talent that we have. What I'm really pleased about is the result of these awards and where we stand. I know that doesn't put money in the bank per se, but the reputation overall for all of our networks on the creative side, on a competitive basis has really come through in 2013 and that should give rise to – an advantage to our kind of new business wins. No one wants to bring in the 10th rated creative agency when they're calling on consultants to bring in agencies. So that's in McCann, for example, Harris has been focusing on strengthening the creative bench there because you add that on top of the distribution and the strength and the offerings that they have on a global basis, it's just very competitive for us and the same with all our other agencies. So yes, we like to think we're going to outperform in the marketplace and frankly, I know the question is 3% to 4% guidance for 2014 may seem like – what I said was we should be competitive with our peers. So if the industry is above 4%, I certainly would expect us to be competitive. But going into the year it's kind of difficult for us. This industry is hard enough to predict where we're going to come out on a quarterly basis and we proved that. But on a full year basis we'd like to start the year out more on a macro basis which is why frankly MAGNA puts out a release and so does our competitors and our forecast for the year is consistent with that. Our goals of course are to do better.
Michael Isor Roth: Let me talk about the research. Research is obviously very important and everything we're trying to do at Mediabrands is to target those dollars and be most effective in where we put it. The more data we can access, of course all the different outlets whether it mobile, whether it Internet or TV, the better we are in allocating our client dollars to be more effective on a real-time basis. The stuff that we announced today in terms of high definition, we've already put the work on some clients, so the answer is obviously you work with your existing clients but when you're in competitive pitches, it's nice to show that you have a competitive advantage or an exclusive arrangement with these top providers of research that puts you ahead of the competition. So it's a combination of existing clients where we've continued to maximize the effectiveness of the dollars that we're managing on behalf of our clients and frankly to put us in a competitive advantage in the marketplace. And I think on the program side with respect to Mediabrands, the team – Matt and the team have been a great proponent of new ways of looking at spending those dollars that we effectively did. So, you can spend less dollars and be more effective and this is how you keep existing clients happy and you win new business. So we're very excited about what's happening over there. As far as Europe, we did have -- Lowe won (indiscernible), so we did have new business wins in Europe and frankly McCann in the UK is showing good signs of recovery and we had good performance both across our marketing services in McCann and UK. And now we're looking to expand our footprint in Continental Europe. We're not running away from it. But the fact is it is 11% of our – Continental Europe was 11% of our revenue. And if there's one client that pulls back, it has a more material impact on our results. The other side of that is if we win something big, we'll have a better performance in Continental Europe. So 11% is not insignificant and I don't want anyone to think we're not investing in Continental Europe. I think we have some good offerings and strong offerings and we will continue to focus on that market. It's an important market for us. But given the fact that it's 11%, sometimes we see volatility in those results that are client specific or frankly region specific. And so that's how we look at it.
Michael Isor Roth: No, I think it's across the board. Obviously some of our agencies we had to make some senior management changes and we're looking at some strategic bolt-on transactions that will help us on the talent side. So, it's across the board and yes, McCann as I said is doing strong in the UK. CMG is performing well and we expect those kinds of investments to continue and to perform well in that market. And the right-sizing of our agencies is something we've been spending time with and that's why we said in October that we're going to take a hard look at matching our expenses and our revenue and frankly, if we overshot the runway on the expense side, we can always go to our talent base. And so, I think we really repositioned ourselves to take all of that into consideration for 2014.
Michael Isor Roth: On your question of new business, you're right. We used to call out 3% headwind going into the year and we took the liberty of adding that to our results to show that we had competitive offerings. Going into '14 as I indicated in the first half of the year, I'd say we have tailwinds in the 1% range. Of course at the end of the year we did have some client losses that are taken into effect. But I'd use that as – but yes, that's about the right number. And obviously we helped to increase that. We had a number of pitches up in the review and hopefully we'll be successful on those.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, as we've said, you can tell obviously 2013 was an interesting year for us. What we are excited about is going into 2014. We made some hard decisions in 2014 and we finished the year very strong. I had indicated we were looking for a strong close into '13 and we did it on the revenue side and we're repositioning our businesses for '14. So, we're looking forward to our next call and thank you all for your support.
