Michael Isor Roth: Thank you and thanks for joining us this morning Alexia. Well, we said we were going to have tailwinds in the first half, and I would say in the first half they were 1.5% to 2%. And going into the second half, we're not likely to see that kind of lift from those tailwinds because of the losses that we experienced at the end of the year that you know but overall our tone is very solid Alexia which is why we're being as supportive as we are to the commitments we've made to achieve our target or exceed.
Michael Isor Roth: One quarter, we're painfully aware of our performance in the last quarter in terms of Continental Europe. What we saw in the first quarter is our new business wins particularly Lowe CR and Zurich starting to come on board and that accounts was at the 3.8% organic growth in the first quarter. We still have a ways to go to raise any flags in Continental Europe. As we said, for the budget, for the full year, we're budgeting slightly 1% to 2% growth in Continental Europe, it's nice to see us ahead of that in the first quarter but we still have three more quarters to go.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I think our results indicate that it's both. We see strong growth in our emerging market, obviously China and Latin America double-digit growth, Australia we saw a double-digit growth, India was slightly off. We had some shifting of some client business add up India and that accounted for the lack of -- the kind of growth that we were seeing in India. And as I indicated, in India a lot of dependent upon the outcome of the election that are coming up. We still believe India will be a strong growth opportunity for us and I might add we did bring our Board of Directors to India at our last Board meeting which is a positive statement to our support of our agencies in India. And the growth in the United States continues to be solid. I think when you look through the pass-through’s that we add a negative impact on in the U.S., we'll organically up 6.5%, which indicates that obviously the tone of our business in the U.S. continues to be solid. But I don't see any dramatic pullbacks if you will. But you can't continue to have double-digit growth on top of double-digit growth forever. So I do believe, we'll see that settle down, but it will still settle down into a higher growth pattern, which we're very comfortable with. But for example in Latin America, the huge growth we saw in Latin America was on top of 16% last year. So that's very encouraging but at some point it has the level off. But client is still looking at those as markets where they can either gain market share or enhance their brand.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, in fact our independence continue to be among our higher margin contributing agency. I think the trend that -- in the case of putting Campbell Ewald with Lowe that was on the heels of frankly a pitch than involved Campbell Ewald and Lowe and Hill Holiday I might add in terms of the Cadillac business and we were looking to both Lowe guidance for the U.S. So we thought this was a great opportunity to do that. But the way we look at our U.S. independence they're fully integrated. They have media, they have planning, they have PR businesses, they have events, they have consulting. So if they (indiscernible) don't fix it and what we do is when our independence have global opportunities don't happen to a Lowe, McCann or FCB, the partner as well as partnering with Mediabrands offerings on a global basis. So we're quite pleased with our current structure. We don't see any immediate need to merge any of our independence because we do have this collaboration D&A at IPG. And we've been very successful in taping into these types of arrangement. So there is no need to merge them but in Lowe and Campbell Ewald it was specific and it really met a need of both the organization. So we're pleased with our Independence, they do a great job and particularly you saw Mullen and you saw the wins the Deutsch and Carmichael Lynch and Hill Holiday continues to be an outstanding performer for us.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes and I think both Frank and my comments, we indicated that our performance improvement was of course with the Board of our global network. So that's encouraging, it's always been our position that-- our drive is to be competitive margins or better and that's what we're focused on and we do believe there is still opportunity obviously for us to expand margin. But the repositioning of Lowe in the past few years, the addition of Profero to Lowe is obviously a big help and their recent client wins particularly with CR is an indication of that competitiveness. FCB back on the right track. They have a great new management team and they perform well in the first quarter and obviously the McCann is doing well this first quarter and we expect great things from that organization. So we're very pleased and yes we're on track to achieve our goal of competitive margins and that's what we're focused on.
Michael Isor Roth: Sure. Let me start with scale, because obviously that question is relevant and continues to be relevant in light of some potential transactions that are out there. I've said this before peer; we compete against WPP before the announcement of Publicis and Omnicom. And if you look at the presence of WPP versus Omincom which is, they're relatively had the same side depending on markets they are in and we've been able to compete very effectively against those organizations giving our scale. So the important of scale is yes, it's important. However, we have the relative scale, we've been able to deliver and we frankly view our size is being the right size because we have the scale to buy efficiently and have presence in the marketplace and people have to pay attention to us. We place $35 billion - $37 billion of media in total, that's not insignificant. So it gives us to see that the table but we're also more flexible, we're able to create personalize, specific and customized offerings in the planning and buying area that clients like to see and we've been very successful at it. So I think media will continue to be a growth vehicle going forward for us. But what I like about the media and which is what I think is what's happening in our industry is the integrated offering is really coming to life here and that is the whole notion of what this model is going to look like in the future and that's from the cradle to grave. And we have this going on with a number of our clients where we look at the total pot of what the client is using to spend and take all of their dollars whether it's allocated to media buying, whether it's allocated to creative, whether it's allocated to digital, we have to look at this as a total picture and certainly media and planning is a critical component of it but so as digital, so as PR and so as experience and marketing. And that's what clients are looking for. And that's why when we get these RFP into the holding company, what we do as we approach it and a total integrated way focused on what client needs are and we don't pay attention for the sialos that are associated with it. And last year, we were very successful in that offering and so far we have a number of those going on this year which I hope to be successful in. So I think there is a trend which is where I think it belongs and that is looking at media and our agencies that are creative, digital and PR all together and bring to the table truly the integrated offering focused on the customized need of our clients and I think that's what you're seeing.
Michael Isor Roth: Brian, I get that question a lot. I can't point to any specific clients that are in play if you will as a result as the potential merger. But there is always that kind of uncertainty that's out there. But I can't say specifically and anything we hearing anecdotally it is just that it’s anecdotal. Our view is we're competing against the same players we completely against before. And frankly until that transaction is closed both Omnicom and Publicis are going in the market on as separate companies anyhow. So it's kind of businesses usual in the RFP world. But I think there is a lingering issue over that, certainly the conflict issue is there and but we haven't seen huge transformation if you will because of the conflict frankly one of the issue is -- when is these things going to happen and if it’s going to happen at all and I think the point-- the key questions is client awaiting to see the same things that everybody else is waiting to see.
Michael Isor Roth: I think that's the reality of it. We have always seen recruiting opportunity, yes. Have we been able to add some very talented people to our company as a result of this I'd say somewhat yes. But really the true impact of this is yet to be see and we're all -- the client as well as all of are in the business are waiting to see what happens.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, one of the things about digital, they are more pitching in activity than some of the others because some of their businesses is project based. So therefore the new business pitches expenses. We saw that frankly at our RGA last year and we call that out in our yearend results and frankly we saw the results of that in the first quarter that RGA had a particularly good first quarter on the new business front. So I think what you see is more new business pitch activity and expenses but overall there margins have been very solid and they've been among our better performing agency. So we'll take that type of pitch expense anytime given the conversion rates that we're seeing in our digital agencies.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, what's interesting is Asia-Pac became our second largest market. So there 12% the next big is the Europe I guess, it’s 10%. Now we got there both by the growth in the Asia-Pac and the decline we had in Continental Europe, so that's part of it. But yes, there is no question that we're seeing an increase in Latin America as well and eventually we'll like to see that. Right now we're 57% in the U.S., 60% North America. We would like to see that a little bit less than 60% and more in the markets but it's going to take it some time to get there and the rest of the world increased. And the next question was on pitches. The most notable pitch page that public, and I had this page with public is of course the Microsoft page which we are in the final stages and we're retaining the international media part of the business of Microsoft that's we're pitching as well as hopefully increasing our business opportunity both in the media and creative and collaboration and deployment part of the business. It’s a pitch, it's probably the biggest pitch out there right now and we've got a great offering there and we're quite pleased with what we put forth and frankly how some of the other holding companies as well, so we're continuing to push that. But we do have a couple of government mandatory reviews out there but other than those of the only big pitches that are out there.James Dix – Wedbush Securities Inc.: Just one follow-up on that. So the international media is already been carved out or set aside that you're going to keep out or is that just part of the overall pitch? Got it, got it.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah, so this the way pitches structure that I don't like to go to details, but everything on the table other than a couple of parts of the visit they're step out. But for long intends and purposes the media is up for review, we do the international part of the media and we're (inaudible) the international part and hopefully adding to that.James Dix – Wedbush Securities Inc.: Got it. Thanks very much.
Michael Isor Roth: We don't give monthly numbers if you will. The trend if you will is continues to be positive and so that's was just of your question is the answer is yes.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah, our visibility is (indiscernible) is a project based if the material up in any quarter we'll call out, so you folks out line of side.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I don't think there is any question at the growth and mobile will continue to be additional. But it's not the only platform out there. It certainly the one is getting most retention certainly in roller areas where they are any other bandwidth if you will and mobile continues to be strong growth vehicle. We're still learning how to deal with mobile in terms of the impact of mobile and what type of content was unable and mobile versus traditional media. But it will continue to be a strong component of our growth and all of our offerings right now contain a portion of mobile planning and execution and that will continue to grow. I don't think it will replace all other outlets if you will, but certain this growth is indicative with being continued to important factor and what we do.Richard Tullo – Albert Fried Company: Thank you very much. And congratulations on a terrific quarter.
Michael Isor Roth: Thank you very much. Yes, we're very pleased with our quarter. When I saw that (inaudible) we have ended a call earlier and if any call would end earlier would be this one, so that's not to be (inaudible). So I thank you all, we're very pleased with the quarter, we look forward to next call with you and hopefully we'll have similar type results. Thank you very much.
