Michael Isor Roth: Alexia, always asking for the next current results. Look, the trend from the third quarter to the fourth quarter was positive. So obviously, we would hope that to continue. We don't give quarterly guidance, Alexia, as you know. The good news is, for example, in 2013, we had some nice wins in our portfolio. Most notably was the SABIC win in Saudi Arabia. They are a global petrochemical diversified company. And what we were most proud about that was that it was a pitch head to head against our -- all of our holding company competitors, and the integrated offering including Weber Shandwick and McCann really showed well in that pitch, and we're really excited about it. There are other wins in -- so far in 2013. So as we indicate, we're positioned for 2013 to deliver peer-level organic performance and expand margins. Let me -- and while you're here, let me just comment on the 9.8% because I know that's one of the questions. When we come to year end, we take a look at a lot of actions we can do in terms of achieving our targets and our stated goals, particularly at the end of the -- in the first -- fourth quarter, we faced issues like severance and, obviously, incentive comp, and we can take actions that potentially could hurt us in the future to achieve short-term goals. So for example, we made some changes at McCann, as we all know, and that carried with it a severance expense. So if you recall, we had indicated severance expense in the range of 1%. We ended up for the year at 1.3%, and we've decided that these are the actions that we need to take to position us for 2013, and as a result, that additional severance impacted our margin. The same is on incentive. Although we've indicated incentive comp is one of the key variables in our variable cost model, we still have to pay incentives to motivate and reward good performance, and certainly, among our agencies, we had very high-performing agencies that we had to compensate appropriately for their performance. So all of this together sort of indicates that we were a little disappointed in the margin. We're hitting 2013 with some good news behind us, and frankly, in our pipeline, we see some potential opportunities that, if they come to fruition, I think you'll be very pleased, as we would be, in terms of the revenue outlook for 2013.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, look, I've -- Harris and the team and I have been in a lot of meetings with them with clients. I think they really have been making their presence well felt within our existing clients. As you know, existing clients is our main source of revenue growth, and I'm very pleased the way Harris and the whole team have been received by our client base. So I think with respect to existing clients, I'm comfortable in terms of where we are, and I do believe that their offering is evidenced in the SABIC, as well as some other wins that we have out there. Remember, wins from existing clients don't make the headlines the way pitches do, so it's not that McCann isn't winning business out there. They have won business, and therefore, I'm comfortable that the direction that the new team at McCann is taking will enhance our overall profitability and move us forward.
Michael Isor Roth: No, it does not have to move into positive territory. We said this before. We are not assuming a big recovery in Europe, and it would be great if it's there. Obviously, when you see a positive number for us in the U.K., it's reflected in our results, and we're pleased with it. But I don't see any great green shoots, if you will, that would turn that around in the short term, and therefore, we're not counting on it with respect to that number that we gave you.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, visibility in the U.K. -- in Europe, who has visibility in Europe? Every day, we wake up in the morning and we see new news out there. Look, Germany is doing -- performing for us. We hope that continues. We hope France stabilizes. That's an important factor for us, but we don't see any great visibility in terms of the turnaround, nor are we accounting on it. What we have to do is manage our costs with the consistent notion that we don't see the big recovery. So a fair amount of severance cost that you see comes out of rightsizing our businesses in those markets that are -- that we don't see turning around quickly.
Michael Isor Roth: We always put out 1%. We always debate what the right number is for severance. We manage our severance based on the needs of the businesses. So as I said, we had put down guidance on severance of 1%. We came in at 1.3%. If you want to do the math, if you add the 0.3% to the 9.8%, you get to 10.1%. I know we don't have the luxury of doing that, but the point is, we make business decisions based on the needs and on long-term value creation. We think Harris and his team are focusing on talent where the growth areas are. I expect to see some additional talent added to McCann. That's consistent with where we said we would be, and so that's all built into our plan. Whether there's extraordinary severance as a result of that, we don't expect that, but we will see some key talent people being added into the growth markets to help us along in terms of the competitive offering.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, what we have said was, coming into 2013, the amount of headwinds -- as we've said ad nauseam, we had to -- overall, 3% headwinds coming into '12. That number for 2013 is about 0.5% to 1%, okay? So that is factored into the headwinds for 2013, okay? You then overlay on top of that the various forecasts for our industry. Of course, the one we pay most attention to is Magna and its forecast for the global advertising environment, and frankly, that's in the 2% to 3% range. So we're consistent with where we see Magna forecasting. Obviously, if the overall result in terms of organic growth for our industry is higher than that, we would hope to participate in that. So using the 2% to 3% organic growth for the year, we -- and looking at our levers to enhance our margin, obviously, SRS and a few other G&A type reductions, we're comfortable we can expand our margin. We used the 30% conversion rate on the incremental revenue. Whenever we delivered peer-level performance or better on the organic side, we've converted at, at least 30%. So that's how we get to those numbers.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. Look, Mediabrands is a great success story for us at IPG, and we're quite pleased with its performance and its direction. Basically, the changes that are being made at Mediabrands are to further enhance their offerings and be competitive in the marketplace. By using Mediabrands as a focal point in the key markets, it avoids a lot of duplication in certain areas. It isolates some of the offerings that both UM and Initiative can tap into without, certainly, violating any conflict issues, but it basically focuses the business units in the markets that are growing with the resources that are necessary. So I think Matt and the entire team have done an outstanding job in really focusing on the needs of the clients in those marketplaces and what are the tools and resources that are necessary to compete. With respect to the changes at Draftfcb, when we formed Mediabrands, what we said was that we were going to align our global networks with the brands within Mediabrands. Initiative was aligned with Draftfcb, and that has been the strategy throughout our planning process. What we're doing now is basically solidifying the relationship between Draftfcb and Initiative so that we know where the resources are. They'll be within Draftfcb. They'll be where we --- they have to be in the marketplace, but they'll be aligned directly with Initiative, which is what it takes as far as the integrated offering goes in the marketplace. So all these changes are consistent with what we said the direction of Mediabrands was heading.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. Look, we've seen better results in terms of revenue in the fourth quarter than the third. That's no reason for us, and I said, to raise the flag and victory is here. Well, obviously, seeing the strength in our global markets is encouraging, and fortunately for us -- I mean, the statement that our Asia Pac has exceeded Continental Europe, for us, is a pretty big statement. Unfortunately, one's going one way and the other one's going the other, and that's how that happens. But I do think that we do continue to see strength in India, Brazil, in China, obviously, Australia. So Asia Pac is performing well, and it's going to be a key component of the organic growth that we stated to you. How we get there in those markets is both: we have organic growth and acquisitions. I think if you look at the transactions that we've embarked on, certainly, in India and Brazil, we've made acquisitions in digital, in media, in traditional advertising, and those type of transactions were add-ons to our various offerings, whether they be Mediabrands or our global networks, McCann, Draftfcb or Lowe. So those type of transactions are built into our pipeline in terms of acquisitions and probably will continue. China, we have a little different strategy in that we chose to expand in China, which we have been doing organically more than through acquisitions because, frankly, the acquisition route in China, unless there's something really big out there, is a difficult one, and we're more comfortable adding key talents in the various networks that we have and respond to client needs in China that way. So it's a mixed bag in terms of organic as well as acquisitions, but I think the results that we've posted show that we've been very responsive to the marketplace. Our growth in Brazil is very exciting, and our offerings down there are truly among the best in the region.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, and so does the mix of business. I mean, all our businesses don't have the same margin. I know your next question is which ones or why. We're not going to do that, but the answer is the mix of our business has an impact as well.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I'm glad you say neither of these, say, global networks are broken. All right. There are areas for improvement that we've been focusing on it. I think the key issue in Draftfcb is that it was cycling through some client losses, and when you do that, I mean, it's a tremendous accomplishment to be able to achieve your targets on profitability when you have to cycle through client losses. Of course, they've added new business during that period, and those -- and that business that was added goes to the issue of their competitiveness in the marketplace, and that was good. So the SeaWorld one, Fidelity win, these are the kind of wins that Draftfcb posts, and they started recovering against the client wins that they had. So we're comfortable with the competitiveness of their offering. A good amount of their wins are both in above the line, as well as below the line, as they say, but they don't view Draftfcb and nor do we in that context anymore. They're a fully integrated network, and that's the type of businesses that they compete in and win on. McCann, certainly, international was a good component for McCann, and that shows the breadth and the strength of the McCann Worldgroup. Your point on the Worldgroup versus McCann Erickson, MRM is a very powerful offering and showed some great client wins, notably at GM for sure, their healthcare businesses, Momentum. So they have very strong businesses in their own rights, but the McCann Worldgroup includes McCann Erickson. And when we talk about McCann, we talk about the entire global network, which continues to be one of the premier global networks in the business. And what we've been doing is enhancing its overall talent and business focus to bring it to the levels that we believe it should be at.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. Jim, I think that's a fair point. When we had our Investor Day, it seems like years ago, we did use a 4% to 5% growth number to achieve our competitive margins by 2013. Given the reductions in revenue growth that we've experienced during this period, I think it's fairly safe to say, by doing the numbers, as you just did, it's moved out about a year in terms of achieving our target. I think the key here is that trajectory is where we're heading, and we will get there. It make take us a year or so longer, but we're focused on getting there. As far as the reliability of our forecast in the fourth quarter, it's not quite the music business. I'm dating myself when I talk about the music business, where the records would sell in the last month of the year and that was the whole year. And so we do it from a bottoms-up, as Frank indicated, and the cyclicality of our business is built into our forecasting. It may not be 100% accurate, but it's there.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, thank you very much. We appreciate the support, and we look forward to an exciting 2013. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes. David, we look at our leverage constantly. Right now, we're comfortable with where we are. We think that we've delevered at an appropriate level. We constantly look at maturities when they come due. I think you've seen us be very opportunistic in the capital markets to continue to strengthen our balance sheet, but right now, we're very comfortable with where we are from a leverage perspective.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Matt, also behind that are bottoms-up budgets by agency, by client that incentive targets for all of our people around the world are tied to.
Frank Mergenthaler: Peter, on the margin growth side, the critical component here is growth and converting that growth at -- we put out a number of 30%, and we're pretty comfortable with that. And we've seen, in years with growth, we've achieved it. So if you do the math and, whether it be 2% or 3%, convert at that level, you may need some incremental leverage in O&G, but not much so that we're factored on -- we're focused on is continuing to drive greater leverage from our people. And we saw this year, in a no-growth environment, it's tough, right? We saw base and benefits move up a little bit, and we offset that by reduction incentives. That's not a sustainable model. We need growth. With respect to the margin profile, without getting into specifics, there are certain regions that are higher-margin regions than others. So there is some merit to -- depending on where the growth happens, how does that impact the overall product, sure. Right? And the U.S. is our strongest from a margin perspective without the -- throughout the whole portfolio. So that does matter.
Frank Mergenthaler: James, remember, it's thousands of clients in 100 countries, right? So it's difficult to get any degree of predictability.
