Michael Roth: Thank you, Ellen. With so much uncertainty, and so much change both from marketers and their agency partners, we're proud of our accomplishments during the quarter. We are continuing to report results that demonstrate the quality of our talent, the strength of our long-term strategy, especially our early adoption of data-centric and digital-first tools across the entire organization, and a distinctive culture of cross agency collaboration. In many areas of our business, our company continued to outperform the industry. IPG was named one of America's best employers for women by Forbes. Most recently, we were named to the FTSE4Good Index for the second year in a row in recognition of our company's strong ESG practices. In addition, IPG was named the most effective holding company of the year at the 2020 Effie U.S. Awards marking the fourth year in a row we received the key industry recognition. Turning now to the performance across our portfolio. One sector that continues to hold up for us is health care. As you know, IPG has significant operations in health care marketing, totaling more than a-quarter of the portfolio. This includes our dedicated global health care networks, as well as significant health care client relationships, and activity at our media and public relations operations, and within some of our U.S. independents. Health care marketing is not only an area in which we are strong across much of the portfolio. It's a sector in which there is a high degree of technical expertise and specialization, which makes these higher-value services. It's an industry that we believe, we continue to grow well in the foreseeable future, and it's a part of the business that has been very receptive to our custom, multi-agency Open Architecture solutions. Whether its specific areas of knowledge specific to a condition or disease, teams with the requisite experience complementary geographic strengths or other ways in which our agencies can collaborate for the good of the client health care and pharma marketers want us to bring the best capabilities, from across IPG to bear on their challenges and opportunities. Our ability to do so is another reason we're faring well in this space despite the pandemic. As we've discussed on prior calls at IPG, we developed a vision for building a digital and data-first marketing company early on in our turnaround. That strategic vision has meant that our media, data, and technology segment has been a key driver of performance at IPG for a number of years now, and it is also fundamental to our growth prospects going forward. As someone who has helped us lead that charge, I'd like to ask Philippe to share an update on developments in that sector.
Michael Roth: Yes. Thank you, Alexia. Look, clearly this is a good quarter for us and the tone of the business was clearly better than the last quarter and you see that across all the regions. In fact, most of all the regions were better than last quarter except for Asia Pac. But with respect to sectors, we see a growth in retail in particular. Although auto and transport is still down, we've seen improvements in auto and transportation and government and industrials. Other sectors, obviously, health care continues to be very strong financial services. And we saw consumer goods a little bit of growth between quarter two and three which is positive. The two sectors that we did see slow down in the third quarter were food and beverage and tech and telecom, but we're confident that we have offerings in all of these sectors. And so much of this is both regional and client specific. So, when you look at Continental Europe, where we had positive growth, we saw strength in our media offerings as well as McCann, and it was very client-specific in Continental Europe. Asia Pac, we just saw across the board reduction, given with respect to what's happening over there. But overall, the tone is positive. And like I said, we believe that we will strongly continue to beat our competitive set throughout the year. But the fourth quarter is our biggest quarter, and as you know -- and it's not just projects. Typically, the questions that come up are how's you project business. Project businesses like the Jack Mortons, the Octagons Momentums that makes up 4% to 5% of our business. But when we refer to projects right now, clients are very project-oriented and holiday shopping is a very good example. And until we see how our clients are going to respond to the holiday environment, it's difficult for our visibility into the quarter. So, project is a little bit more than just the event business, and I think that's the important point that we have to take into consideration. That said we're working with our clients on opportunities. They continue to believe that they have to invest in their brands certainly in the e-commerce environment that we're in. And we certainly have offerings between our media and our agencies and our consulting capabilities on e-commerce that will help our clients compete in this very competitive e-commerce environment, because in the e-commerce environment it's the brand authenticity and why should you buy brands other than the lower cost providers. And it's our job to combine our technology, our creative capabilities to get those brand messages. And frankly moving towards direct-to-consumer is a part of that as well. So if you look at all of our capabilities and all the things that we're doing with our clients currently, we're confident that we have the tools and the resources to continue on a path to exceed our sector.
Michael Roth: For sure. I mean our whole structure is based on value services. And the formation of Kinesso and putting it together with Mediabrands and Matterkind and the Open Architecture with the rest of our offerings, it's all based on value services and that's where the margins come in and where we can really distinguish ourselves in the marketplace and that's part of the strategy. As Philippe said in his comments, I mean that's where we've made significant investments. And Philippe I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Michael Roth: Yeah. And by the way good call on putting a buy on us John. Congratulations and thank you. Look we're constantly -- what's interesting about this remote working is we have probably more client consultations than we have had before. We don't have to get on airplanes to have these meetings. So there are a lot of conference calls and relationships with our clients that focus on brand building and brand authenticity and what's necessary for them to compete in this marketplace. So we have those capabilities and we can -- through our Open Architecture model, we have -- sitting at the table when we have these conversations with our clients are our Mediabrands, Kinesso, our PR, our Experiential, our Creative. Obviously none of this works unless we have creative capabilities that are unique to the platforms. And since digital is such -- continues to outperform in terms of both the media spend and performance, we have to have unique technology capabilities that we've been investing in all this as well. So yeah I think the conversations lend itself for our clients to spend to gain market share and that's what they're interested in. And that's why you saw an improvement frankly in consumer goods because our clients are very much in a very competitive environment. And the conversations that we have with them is how we can help them gain market share both regionally, as well as head-to-head with their competitors.
Michael Roth: What's been impressive is how the agencies are rethinking their footprint and what's necessary. And working with Ellen's group, really find -- and our real estate group, really looking at opportunities to be more efficient on the real estate front. Obviously, London and Europe and the United States are key areas for our opportunities given our present -- our large presence there. But across the globe, we have to look at how our offices are going to operate in the future, and clearly this working from home prior to this environment maybe 5% of our people were working from home. I don't think there's any question that in the future we're going to see a more flexible structure in terms of people working from home and coming into the offices. So the workplace environment is going to be different. And what we're trying to do is, really position ourselves, take whatever structural changes need to be made now, so that when 2020 -- 2021 comes along, we're really well positioned. And this happened in 2008 and '09. We took a lot of actions. And when the recovery came, we obviously outperformed and we were off and running. So, our goal is to be in the same position and there's a lot of money in terms of looking at the real estate footprint. Last quarter, we took 500,000 square feet out. Obviously, there's more to be had. And as we said, the bulk of the restructuring charge in the fourth quarter is going to be real estate and non-cash.
Michael Roth: Yes. I think, I've already said that the long-term prospects of e-commerce are critical. And it takes a combination of digital, media, creative, technology, all working together because e-commerce is a very unique offering. And we're very well positioned between the privacy expertise of Acxiom, Kinesso, Matterkind and our creative agencies, plus our digital agencies like Huge and R/GA. They're all part of the Open Architecture structure that we have. And we did have some management changes at Huge as well as R/GA. And -- but I think, what's clear now, certainly at R/GA, I think R/GA will continue to be a shining light in terms of the capabilities. They're on a new business win a run at R/GA and I think that Sean has really got his management team in place. He's added some new people and their presence in our Open Architecture and dealing with our existing clients is very strong. So, I'm confident that R/GA notwithstanding some of the management changes its part of -- whenever there's a new CEO, there's a repositioning of certain people and go-to-market strategies and they have spent a lot of time looking at that, and the same with Huge. So, I believe, Huge and R/GA will continue to be very important assets within the IPG portfolio. And as you know, particularly on the e-commerce and digital and business transformation, those are the areas that these organizations can really bring expertise to.
Michael Roth: Well, yes. I mean, Executive Chairman is a little different, yes. As I said, I'm really excited about working with Philippe and the management team going forward. And look, we've been through this together. I've said this from day one. This is an amazing team that we have at IPG. I can't tell you how proud I am of all the people and the things that we've been able to accomplish. And obviously, Philippe will put together his team and moving forward as CEO. But as Executive Chairman, I really am excited about working with the whole team and continuing to manage through this environment and do what I can to help shape the future of IPG. I mean, that's the difference between Executive Chairman and Chairman, and I'm pretty much excited about it. But Philippe and his team, they're ready to go. I know that and we're excited about the opportunity.
Michael Roth: The Open Architecture model lends itself to that. That's the whole point of Open Architecture. And we started Open Architecture some 14 years ago, okay? And it really is resonating well in the marketplace. If you look at our new business wins, most of them have Open Architecture structures within them. In the health care side of the business, they talk to us about Open Architecture, and it really resonates in the marketplace. And the ability to bring in the resources that we can coupled with the creative capability and the PR capability is a compelling offering. And when you have best-in-class assets and best-in-class people sitting around a table taking on business challenges in an Open Architecture environment, you're part of the team of the client and that lends for better relationships, a better performance and hopefully, performance-based compensation which is a win-win for all of us.
Michael Roth: Yeah. Let me just add the fact that, on the acquisition side, we've historically not done big transactions until we did the Acxiom transaction. Another part of your question is do we see any big transactions on the horizon that we need to fill any gaps within IPG? And the answer to that is no, we're not. We're actually going right after this into our strategy conversation with our Board of Directors this afternoon. And when we look at our capabilities and so on, a couple of years ago we had out there data and analytics a wish list. And that wish list was solved when we bought Acxiom. When we look at our wish list now, we don't see any big transactions that are necessary, for us to compete. Obviously we will continue to be strategic. And we'll do bolt-on acquisitions in markets, or expertise, or people that we need. But there aren't any large acquisitions that we're looking at, that we think we need to continue to lead our sector, in terms of growth and margin expansion.
Michael Roth: One of the -- I truly appreciate the question. One of the things that we've always been is transparent. And we borrowed a fair amount of money, to do the Acxiom transaction. We want to make sure our balance sheet is in the right position. And maintain our investment-grade status. There's no question that when we get to that right point, we'll get back to buybacks. But right now we're focusing on dividends. And obviously our balance sheet is strong enough. And the business prospects to continue. And we will be getting back to buybacks. So I think it's a valid question. The question is when is the right time? And you can always argue what price the stock is at and so on. But you have to look at buybacks on a long-term basis. If you look at the history of what we've done in buybacks, we spend a significant amount of money, in total between dividends and buybacks about $4 billion. And we understand the importance of buybacks in the marketplace. And that conversation will take place every year with our Board of Directors and looking at the allocation of returning our excess capital to our shareholders whether it be, in the form of dividends or buybacks. It's a legitimate question and we will continue to look at it.
Philippe Krakowsky: Thank you. As Michael mentioned, a key factor in our success has been our commitment to meeting the needs of an evolving landscape in which technology, marketing and data are increasingly converging. That led us to embed digital expertise across the portfolio, develop a media model that leaned into consultative skills as much as investment scale and a commitment to data management expertise and data ethics that was significantly enhanced with the acquisition of Acxiom. This quarter as Michael mentioned, we continue to see a high degree of engagement with major clients across Mediabrands two largest brands, UM and Initiative. While there has been stabilization in the media marketplace and digital channels have benefited from the improvement in macroeconomic conditions, there's still uncertainty particularly in certain regions of the world. During the quarter, UM continued to lead in regards to brand safety, launching the partnership for responsible addressable media alongside marketers, agencies, publishers and tech firms and trade associations. Initiative's approach to connecting with consumers with a combination of cultural insights and data, have allowed the agency to carve out a distinctive competitive positioning. The agency saw a significant win early in the quarter when it added Salesforce to its roster. And also notable is the rate at which Reprise has developed its e-commerce offerings which are growing across multiple regions and will not only be vital to the success of our media agencies, but will also be key to cross agency holding company solutions. Kinesso marked its first anniversary by launching a developer community and making its APIs available to third parties. We believe this will lead to more innovation in this space. On the part of our partners and our own agencies all in the service of our clients and with IPG's application layer at the core. With this approach, we also make it easier for all of our clients and agencies to access high-quality data in a way that is privacy compliant and customized to their specific needs. At Matterkind, we're seeing strong demand for the kinds of advanced solutions that help clients optimize their media investments across the entire addressable ecosystem. Acxiom continues to meet our expectations in terms of their performance. A key to IPG's future success will be our ability to make our data and technology offerings a foundational element for IPG overall. As such we saw good progress in our work to further align Acxiom, Kinesso and Mediabrands. Finally, while I mentioned that our data, media and tech assets are working in more integrated ways with each other, they're also increasingly engaged with the entire IPG portfolio. Notably, Matterkind and Kinesso played significant roles in new business pitches over the quarter, partnering with our creative, CRM, PR and other marketing services agencies as well as with our media networks. So for example, Kinesso's data science offerings are currently active on more than 30 pitches and have played key roles in 2020 wins at FCB, Deutsch, MRM and McCann as well as through our Open Architecture offerings. There's still work to be done to fully develop and integrate these capabilities and we expect that our progress will further accelerate once our people are able to more fully collaborate with one another in person. But the teams are engaged and enthusiastic about this transformational work, which we believe can be a significant growth driver going forward. And with that I'll pass things back to Michael.
Philippe Krakowsky: No I think it's exactly that. I mean essentially it's revenue streams that would take us to places where the technology can be licensed where the IP can be valued in different ways or we find partnerships who can add value to our underlying layer of technology and then also true performance models. I think as Michael was saying in e-comm if you link up what we're building there with our marketing technology capabilities and then media -- addressable media and data, I think you can do some interesting things around performance.
Philippe Krakowsky: You know, Dan I think we've talked about this. I think that's probably an overstatement to say it's a tech company. But I think as you say to evolve the model such that what we have, Michael said, we've got exceptional strength in marketing services, so whether it's ideation and what our creative agencies do, clearly what happens in the health care space. So I think the challenge is actually to have it be technology that enables the services, so that the services are more valuable and so that we can ultimately be more valuable for the clients. And also as we were saying in one of the earlier calls, so that by embedding this layer of technology and data into the business, into the services, we don't risk leaking value out to the platforms or to the software companies. So I don't think it's simple as saying "Oh we flipped the switch. We go from one to the other." What we clearly do is we build and we become stickier and we become more precise and there's more accountability to what we do and that's where I see us evolving the business model.
Philippe Krakowsky: Look, I think that when we did the Acxiom acquisition, we were clear that, data management -- first-party data management expertise at scale was something that we thought was important. And that we thought we needed in order to get to the future. I don't believe that you can get there without partnerships. And so ultimately, when you look at something like what we just did with Kinesso to open up the APIs and to get your partners developing as well, I think it's going to be a bit of both. I think we have what we need but it doesn't mean that we're not going to be able -- for every client opportunity for everything we're solving for as Michael said, with an Open Architecture solution where we've got all of the touch points. You find that you need to partner up with different kinds of providers depending on the sector, depending on the use case et cetera. So, I think as I said, for the four minutes we've got it's a very, very big question. And if it's something that we as a management team could spend some time with you on in greater detail, we can clearly unpack what's currently going on across the group.
