Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the quarter and the first nine months of 2010. As a side note, we're calling you from Richmond, Virginia, home of your of our Agency of the Year, the Martin Agency, and we're pleased to be here. And in fact, we had our board meeting here yesterday as well. I'll begin by covering the headlines of our performance, thereafter, which Frank will then take us through the financial results. I'll then return with additional detail about what's taking place at our key agencies and some closing comments. As always, we'll always leave plenty of time for Q&A. In looking at our performance, we're pleased with the third quarter that saw a strong revenue and profit growth. Revenue increased 9.4% in the quarter, both as reported and in terms of organic revenue growth. It's gratifying that contributions came from such a broad range of our portfolio. Our U.S. organic revenue growth was 10%. Key emerging markets, such as India, South Africa, Brazil, and the whole of Latin America, posted strong double-digit organic growth rates. Europe, however, continued to lag. In terms of client sectors, automotive, packaged goods and financial services all posted strong double-digit growth. Health and personal care was up in the mid-single digits, as was technology and telecom, including the fact that we are cycling out at some significant assignment lost last year in the category. At the agency level, there was a strong organic growth at many of our companies. Draftfcb, Lowe & Partners, Mediabrands, Weber Shandwick, Hill Holliday, Mullen, Jack Morton and Octagon. Digital was also a material contributor to our growth in the quarter, with very strong performance at the McCann's MRM unit, R/GA, HUGE, as well as the digital capabilities within our PR firms and the U.S. independent agencies. Overall, we are seeing a fair bit of activity on the new business front, and the pipeline is solid at most of our agencies across all disciplines. On a trailing 12-month basis, we remained net new business positive to the end of the third quarter. The top line performance in the quarter and year-to-date reflects the economic recovery. More important, our growth is the direct results of the investments we made during the past few years in talent and in developing markets and emerging media, as well as the strategic actions we've taken to strengthen and reposition a number of our key agency brands. While the first nine months of the year had been encouraging, and the tone of client conversations has improved, there is still a degree of uncertainty. Now turning to the bottom line, operating income was $100 million, an increase of 72% compared to a year ago. Operating margin was 6.4% compared to 4.1% for Q3 2009, which speaks to our continued operating discipline. The people, systems and tools we put in place to ensure that we can effectively manage the business are clearly working. Earnings per diluted share were $0.08, up from $0.03 in the comparable period last year. This performance further confirms that we are confident that we will deliver on our margin objective of greater than 8% for 2010. Our balance sheet continues to be strong, and we have ample financial resources at our disposal. It's encouraging to see our strength recognized by the rating agencies again, as this morning, Fitch upgraded us to BBB from BB+, a rise of two notches. At this point, let me hand things over to Frank for an in-depth look at our first half performance.
Michael Roth: As you know on a monthly progression basis, we don't look at our business that way. And it's certainly a difficult measurement for us, given the comps that we were coming off last year. And I know your question refers to the fact that we constantly saw a month-to-month increase. We didn't quite see that in this quarter, but nonetheless, our results stand for itself in terms of our strong improvement.
Michael Roth: No. And again, I know your next question, Alexia, is what do we see for the fourth quarter. We continue to see a good tone from our clients. So we should expect a solid quarter in the fourth quarter.
Michael Roth: Yes, as we've always mentioned, what we wanted to see was a sustainable pattern in terms of the economic recovery. And as we get closer to that in the confidence level and the fact that we're not going to be seeing this large double dip that everyone was concerned about. And obviously, the likelihood of that becomes greater for us. But we constantly have to look at that as a possibility.
Michael Roth: Yes, I mean we're still converting the revenue which is the heart of your question, John, at an attractive rate. And that one, as Frank indicates, is variable. But for the full year, we'll be consistent with what we said.
Michael Roth: Well, if you remember, if you go back to the calls in '08, when we saw a significant in drop, we put out a number of roughly $75 million in project business in the fourth quarter. So that will give you a range and bearing in terms of significance in the fourth quarter. Obviously, we're not in 2008 now, we're in 2010. So that will give you some level of upside.
Michael Roth: No, we still have -- the Microsoft and Verizon business is still running off. We had set about a 1% impact on our organic, and that's still the number.
Michael Roth: I'll comment on the revenue thing and Frank can comment on severance. The meetings I've been having with our major clients are consistent with what they had said. And that is in a recovering market and certainly as they expand in the emerging markets and we see growth in emerging markets, they're going to spend those marketing dollars to support their brands. So although it's early for 2011, I think absence our hiccup in the overall economy, we're going to continue to see that kind of spend. Our visibility, as you say, we're in the process of budgeting and going through the bottoms-up budgeting for our numbers. But certainly, the tone is solid in terms of '11, and we won't really see -- frankly, once were finished with the fourth quarter, we'll have a better handle on '11. But right now, what we don't see is major cutback.
Michael Roth: Well, first of all, the U.K. in particular, we did see positive organic growth. So let me pull that out. You remember, in the second quarter, we had a difficult comp that we had to overcome. But in the U.K., it was positive. We're seeing positive growth in trends and the rest of Europe is lagging, if you will. I don't recall saying that we saw the bulk of that Microsoft running through Europe. And I don't think it's true, actually. But again, I think local market is driving the performance there. And we've already said that we've made some personnel changes in Europe. We're focusing on our cost profile in Europe, and there's some work to be done for us in Europe. But obviously, we're encouraged by what we're seeing in the United States and in the rest of the more the world. I think Latin America, I mean, the recovery there and the spend there is terrific. India, we're seeing great growth in India. And obviously, the other markets are offsetting whatever slowness we're seeing in Europe. And frankly, again, we didn't count on a big recovery in Europe. So this is totally consistent with what we had planned.
Michael Roth: Yes, you don't get to those strong double-digit recovery if you're not having local clients action. So I think yes. It think there's a broad range spend in those economies.
Michael Roth: It's always hard to budget with 30%, 40% growth. So obviously, we don't do that. We did expect those to be key markets for growth. So just take a look at two transactions that we did in Brazil, I mean with the acquisition of CUBOCC on the digital media side and the addition of W to McCann in Brazil, that certainly was in anticipation of a very strong economic environment there. So we did expect it to be as high as it is? No, It's hard to say. We are seeing an increase in media, okay? And the media spend, obviously, is driving that as well. So everything is all pointing in the right direction in those markets. And therefore, we will continue to invest. Same thing in India. We certainly expected India to be a growth market for us. If you remember, two years ago, we topped off our ownership in our two major units there to 100%. That was all in anticipation of those being key growth markets for us. So we now have the investment in Draftfcb at a 100% and Lowe at 100%. So those markets were expected to recover and grow, certainly, strong. And to be candid with you, we didn't expect us to grow 30%, but we certainly were expecting it to drive a large growth.
Michael Roth: Well, remember, again, look at comps. Comps are a lot easier. So you don't get 30%, 40% growth in market without some lightning on the comps. And obviously, they're going to get harder for us. So you can't budget for those kind of growth. But we do think that those economies are solid. They're leading in terms of recoveries and growth on a worldwide basis, so we think that should continue, certainly, Brazil, India. We're seeing recovery in the Middle East. South Africa is strong. We have very strong offerings both with McCann as well as Draftfcb in South Africa, and the Middle East is growing. So those are our growth markets for us. We have good presence in those markets, and we will expect that to continue.
Michael Roth: Right, I think it's reasonable to assume. We don't see any big major setback, which is why is said our fourth quarter should be solid. But we don't expect 10% organic growth, okay? In terms of margins, we've indicated we expect -- our goal is to get the competitive margins, which are 12%, 13%. Now we're not going to have to occur all at once. So we think that will be over in some period of time, shorter rather long, but that remains to be seen on the full year results. And that's really what we're going to lay out on our Investor Day in March. But certainly, we're positioned to achieve competitive margins as we stated.
Michael Roth: Well, let me talk about McCann. Obviously, McCann is a significant part of the IPG story. Certainly, it accounts 50% or more of our business. And yes, it's in transition. As I indicated, Nick Brien and the whole group, who just launched a strategic positioning, it was a great event. We had 350 people from all over the world jointly focusing on the go-to-market strategies, where our strengths are, where we have to build and how we're going to collaborate in this challenging environment and putting together into greater offerings. So I was very excited about what was happening at McCann. And certainly, we look to 2010 as a transition year for McCann, as you would expect, if you look at just changes that have already occurred. And we would expect to start seeing improvement in 2011. And that's certainly a key component of our objective of achieving competitive margins because frankly, McCann is a significant factor in that growth. And I'm feeling real good about our offering. Let's face it, McCann is a global force, okay? And as client base and the opportunities, just for the existing client base, is significant to us. And what we have to do is really focus on our offerings and the use of the integrated offerings with respect to that kind of base. And I'm encouraged and I'm excited about what we'll see from McCann as it moves forward in 2011.
Michael Roth: Let me just add. We believe the agencies are wrong. I think the fact is that our financial strength and our balance sheet is outstanding, and it's difficult for rating agencies to upgrade. I think Fitch hasn't moved us since 2008. So it's harder to go up, it's easier to go down. But I think if you look at our leverage, if you look at our cash and you look at our performance, I think we should frankly be at the investment grade. Now do I understand why they're holding off? Sure. They're holding off for the same reason that everyone is concerned about the uncertainty that's out there. They want to see if there is a double dip and is there a change in the business momentum, if you will. But once we start seeing the consistency and the sustainability, I don't believe there's any reason why we shouldn't be upgraded. That's my personal belief.
Michael Roth: Our cash rate was still 25%, currently. And there's no question that the $1.5 billion NOL carryforward is an asset that we hope to use. And I think you got to earn your way out of that. And obviously, the moves that we're making, particularly in Europe, should enable us to do that.
Michael Roth: Let me talk about Mediabrands from a business point of view. I'll let Frank talk about the cash flow impact of it. I think one of the exciting things that's going on in our company, if you remember a number of years ago, all the changes that we made in Mediabrands and the excellent talents we brought in our Matt Freeman, Matt Siler, Richard Devine, Jackie Keller [ph] , all these people that we've added to Mediabrands clearly, we're seeing results in terms of new business wins an increase in scope from existing clients. It's really helpful to us in terms of client relations as well as profitability and of course, cash flow. There's no question that what's happening in the marketplace, that's what we've talked about in terms of integrated offerings. If we're not having integrated offering that combines the new media, the media offering as well as creative and all the different things that we bring to the table, that's what clients are demanding and that's the point of making the kind of investments we've made in Mediabrands. And we see a number of our clients, the media part of our business is driving our business. And then we're using that as the portal, if you will, to bring in the other resources. So I think, certainly, media has a main seat at the table now. I remember in the early days, media was always sort of in the back of the table and the last to present. Now it's part of the front and all the integrated offerings that we're having. So we're very excited about what's happening on the media side and our offerings in the Mediabrands. And particularly, initiative in UM and the diversified. So new social media and networking are all part of that. And all the new things that are out there, which our agencies use as a key competitive advantage in the marketplace. So we're excited about it.
Michael Roth: Well, clearly, I think we've been on the front ending and leading the pack, Cadreon and all the media buying opportunities that we see. That's why we formed diversified Mediabrands and diversified and brought Matt Freeman in to focus on the new media. And obviously, these platforms are an important part of us distinguishing ourselves from the competition. Clearly, our relationship with Microsoft and the work we're doing with them in terms of the various platforms that are out there are being very helpful in terms of our growth in servicing our clients. This switch from Donovan, I mean, we're always looking for best platforms and what's best in the marketplace. We're never read it from one to the other. But when we make a decision like that, it obviously factors in where we think the business is going, and which of these platforms are best suited for us in the marketplace. And frankly, the people who are living with that day to day are the ones who drive that decision. That's not a decision that comes from corporate, but obviously, to make that kind of switch focuses on the needs of their business and where they see it going.
Michael Roth: Well, clearly, McCann has a very strong presence in the U.S. But a significant part of the McCann client base is global multinational clients. So I think the answer is it's both, and obviously, there's strength in terms of servicing multinational clients and the distribution and offerings across the world that they provide is critical to the success. So I think it's both and certainly the multinationals are leading the pack on that. And thank you for all participating and I agree, the Martin Agency is -- I think it's no longer a hidden drill of being recognized as the Agency of the Year. So we're delighted to be down there, and we look for forward to the next call. Thanks for your support.
Frank Mergenthaler: With respect to going forward, Alexia, we still believe the strongest leverage is for operating revenues is base salaries. We saw a dramatic improvement for the three months, we've seen it for the nine months. And as we look into 2011, that will continue to be our area of focus to drive greater leverage in that caused bucket.
Frank Mergenthaler: No, John, the 3 1/2% to 4% is still a reasonable range. And the way it works is we go to our media reviews, we have better visibility in the back half year. That happens right after the release in the second quarter. So as we get greater degree of comfort level, we adjust our accrual and we feel a number of our businesses are outperforming their budgets so we have to move that accrual up. But that's just the phasing of the accrual. It should still should be in the 3 1/2% to 4% range.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the severance question, Brian, we've been out there, in a normal environment, 1% of revenue is a reasonable number. Q3 and Q4 at times, sees greater activity there as people look forward to the next year and how they're going to be bid, the continued expansion of our margins. So again, we still believe that 1% is a reasonable number for modeling.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Ben, on your balance sheet question, the things we look at are cash flow generation, cash on hand, of course, and we look at our current credit facility, it's very flexible. So we've been pretty thoughtful and conservative on how we've used our balance sheet. And when a decision is made, we're going to put of this to work to play back to our shareholders. You can expect that to continue to be relatively conservative in the amount that we allocate towards those programs.
Frank Mergenthaler: We're in constant dialogue with the quarter net release. In fact, the agencies are briefed before we release, the quarters now released. We'll continue to aggressively push, and we would love to see that the other agencies step up and take shots.
Frank Mergenthaler: Tim, as we've mentioned earlier, the key opportunity for us to continue to generate operating leverage off our base salaries. We have roughly 300 basis point improvement this quarter. That's on the chart that we provided the material that we went out this morning. So from our perspective, we believe we continue to see good strong leverage being generated out of the base salaries. And what you saw this quarter was on the incentive side, that's tracking as little north of 4% of revenues, higher than our normal facing, but that's primarily just because we feel more comfortable on the performance of our business for the year, especially against a couple of key agencies that are well in excess of their budgets. So the challenge for us to get to competitive margins is to continue to generate that operating leverage off our base salaries and that's the area of focus for us and we're confident that we can do it.
Frank Mergenthaler: I think an appropriate effective tax rate is low 40s. I think that's what we've guided people to. This quarter was a little bit lower because we were able to do some structural things in Europe that allowed us to reverse the valuation reserve against net operating losses. So in other words, in asset, we now believe will be fully utilized. With respect to the timing I think it's back to the kind of Michael made about Europe and the profitability since that's the key driver of our NOLs. So as we continue to see improvement in our European operations and some of the management changes we've made start to take hold, we'll see greater cash coverage by NOL utilization profitability coming out of Europe. But that's going to be the key driver in ability that rises NOLs in Europe.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, exactly, absolutely. When things are profitable, good things happen all around. And obviously, the use of that NOL is something we're looking forward to.
Frank Mergenthaler: And from a cash flow perspective, Matt, you're very well aware. As media grows, it's cash generated. We're not going to guide to where working capital in the fourth quarter, because that's the point in time and it's very volatile. For the year, we'll be cash flow positive from an operating perspective, and we'll also going to be taking care of some maturities this quarter. And we deligate the first in the first quarter, I think the aggregate number for those two is $500 million. So from a cash perspective, we feel pretty good going into the fourth quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: It's 3.5% to 4% revenue for the year is the right number. So we can see where we are for nine months. and that's going back into the fourth quarter. I mean It's not a one-quarter catch-up you project where we're going to be for the year and then you step up your accruals so that we appease the carries over the fourth quarter. But we still believe 3.5% to 4% is a reasonable number.
Frank Mergenthaler: Dan, it's also worth noting from a technology perspective, our strategy is set by our technology board that's comprised of corporate leadership, participation from the agencies. So as we move to greater leverage of share function, share technology in things like back office in some of our other systems, this is that a debate internally. And I think we're now making decisions with the collective view as opposed to kind one-off decisions with them at the agency level.
Frank Mergenthaler: Rich, I don't think we can comment on that yet. For the year, it's going to be -- for 2010, it's relatively negligible. But right now, we're just starting -- we're in the middle of the planning process. We haven't informed to be on where FX is going to be as of, yet.
