Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you for joining us this morning as we review our results for the second quarter and first half of 2016. I'll start out by covering highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional detail, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies and the tone of our business, to be followed by the Q&A. We're pleased to report a quarter of solid revenue and profit increases. Our second quarter organic revenue growth was 3.7%, on top of a very strong 6.7% in Q2 2015. Excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues, underlying Q2 organic revenue was 4%. Our acquisitions had a positive impact of 30 basis points, while FX was a negative 1.8%. As a result, our total revenue growth was 2.2%. We continue to see positive momentum from a broad range of our creative, marketing services and media offerings. Our digital capabilities also continue to be significant drivers of growth for us. We grew organically in every world region with the exception of Asia-Pac and we saw growth from nearly every client sector. Our operating profit in the quarter increased to $225 million and operating margin expanded 20 basis points to 11.7%. Diluted EPS was $0.38 a share and was $0.33, adjusting for certain below-the-line items, which is an increase of 14% compared to last year's second quarter. For the first half of the year, organic revenue growth remained very strong at 5.1% and 5.4% excluding the impact of pass-throughs. Our operating margin increased by 40 basis points, and operating profit was up 10% for the six months in which we also saw a similar 14% increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share in Q2. This performance continues a record of accomplishments in which our people can take great pride. In terms of client sectors, leadership categories were tech and telecom, retail, food and beverage. U.S. organic growth was 4.6% in Q2, a very solid result given that it came on top of 7.7% growth a year ago. We saw growth in most of our agencies, led by R/GA and HUGE as well as McCann, MullenLowe, Weber Shandwick and Mediabrands. Internationally, LatAm grew 15.9% organically in Q2, an outstanding result. Organic growth was 1.2% in the U.K., where we did not see an impact from Brexit, while continental Europe was approximately flat. In Asia-Pac our organic decrease was 3.2%, but was actually flat excluding the impact of lower pass-through revenues relating primarily to a major event in Hong Kong. This performance compares to Q2 2015 organic revenue growth of 11.8% in Asia-Pac. In our other markets, regions, organic growth was 7.3%, a result of strong increases in the Middle East and Canada. Turning to share repurchase. During Q2, we used $59 million to repurchase 2.5 million shares, while over the trailing 12 months we've utilized approximately $296 million for share repurchases. We had $346 million remaining on our authorization at the end of the quarter. Since instituting our return of capital programs in 2011 we've returned over $2.6 billion to shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, as well as reduced our diluted share count by 27%. To summarize, our performance continues to underscore the strong competitive position of our agencies across the full spectrum of advertising and marketing disciplines, in our digital expertise, and in the world key markets. At the midway point of the year we believe we're well positioned with respect to our full year 2006 (sic) [2016] financial targets. You may recall that on our last conference call we upgraded our growth target to the high end of our original 3% to 4% organic growth range, along with 50 basis points of more of operating margin expansion. We continue to be comfortable with these targets for the full year. As expected, organic growth in the second quarter showed some moderation from our very strong first quarter increase. Within the quarter we saw growth in June that was a lower rate than in April and May. It bears noting that this was in part due to the timing of revenue related to a couple of the new business wins that we added in 2015. Based on client work already underway, we are confident that we will realize this revenue during the second half of the year. As we've always stated, revenue is variable by quarter where total operating expenses are recognized more evenly across our four quarters. As a result, we expect to see higher rates of profit conversion on revenue growth in the second half of the year compared to the first six months. This would be consistent with our performance the last couple of years, and it's why we feel that we are solidly on track with our objective to grow operating margin by 50 basis points or more this year. At this stage I'll turn things over to Frank for additional details on our results and I'll join you after his remarks.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, yes, you're right. It somehow seems that our client wins don't get announced while some of our competitors' do. The answer to your first part of your question is we are – we continue to be net new business positive, which is an indication of the strength of our offerings. I did indicate a number of our recent wins in my prepared remarks, notably of the recent retention of the BMW work at Mediabrands, which is a very good retention for us, obviously, and the wins at McCann and Weber with respect to Reckitt Benckiser. We do expect to announce a nice win coming up in the next couple of weeks. We hope that'll happen, which will be a global engagement, we hope, using the integrated open-architecture approach. We don't like to give out tailwinds, because – well, let me just comment here. It's so hard, in this business – when we lose clients, it's very easy for us to know the impact of when that revenue is going to be coming off. So when we talk about tailwinds and headwinds, the headwinds are easy. We don't like them, but we can specifically know when that comes off because the contracts provide for that and we know our staffing requirements and so on. Our new business wins coming into 2016, a number of them came at the end of the year, and frankly, we win the business and then we have contract negotiations and scope of work is developed as we go through, and that's one of the contributing factors in the fact that, as we said, we had good tailwinds coming into the first half of the year, and some of that work is slipping over into the second half of the year. So yes, we have some tailwinds now in the second half of the year, and the timing of those tailwinds and when they're recognized is a function of when the work is shown. There are a whole bunch of issues that go into that. So the answer is we have some tailwinds in the second half. All of that gets factored into the overall forecast that when we say our target is 3% to 4% on the high end of 4%, we take into consideration a year of performance. As I said before...
Michael Isor Roth: Our clients don't know when our quarterly requirements are for financial reporting which is why we stick to our notion that given the macro environment, we're comfortable with what we set out as a stated goal which includes the revenue performance and our conversion and the fact that our conversion will be stronger in the second half is consistent with the way our business has rolled out in prior years.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah. Believe me, that's the first place we look and Frank and I actually met with the leaders of those businesses to make sure that they're comfortable with the pipeline and the events that were canceled we reflected, particularly in Asia Pac, that had a big impact on us. It was in Hong Kong. We saw some other, these are one-time events and they affect us but the pipeline on the event side of the business is very solid and we haven't seen wholesale cancellations. Now that said, we're still unclear what this Brexit is going to do. We challenge, we ask, and obviously everyone's nervous about it but yet when we sit down and look at our plans for the rest of the year, our business operators, with some risk obviously, are comfortable with our plans and consistent with what I said our objectives are.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, what they do is their business, our competitors. There's no question in that the ANA report focused on equity positions, inventory positions, particularly on the programmatic side of the business and you correctly point out that we do not do that and therefore we view that as more consistent with an advisory model that is diagnostic. And yeah, I think as we go through, there's no question when we're pitching new business, obviously we distinguish our positions versus our competitors in those pitches. Some frankly, some clients don't care and that's, obviously, our competitors who have very strong performance in those markets reflect that. But I think overall the more there is in terms of scrutiny of these type of positions, I think it will have an impact on the business, and that's been our strategy. And I've said this before, if in the end clients really don't care and it doesn't turn out to be a competitive advantage to us then we'll continue to look at whether we should be doing it. But right now we view it as a differentiator in the market place and if you look at our net wins and losses on the media side of the business, although I can't point to it as being a specific reason, I think the transparency and the reputation we have on treating our clients fairly on an advisory basis is reflected in those wins.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah, it's a fair question. Yeah, we've been on a good streak particularly on the event side of the business over there as well as our networks. Frankly what you're seeing in the U.K. this quarter is we are cycling through some losses we had both on the media side of the business as well as the creative side of the business and we're seeing impact of that. Absent that we think our offerings in the U.K. are very strong, notably R/GA, McCann, all of our networks, MullenLowe, and so we believe that we will continue to be strong in terms of our performance in the U.K., absent something weird happening as a result of Brexit.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah. China was up mid-single digits. India was a little stronger than that, particularly at MullenLowe in India, and we continue to sense that type of environment. Obviously, China – we're not as big in China, so variations on client wins and losses and quant specific clients spend in those markets affect those numbers more dramatically. But the overall tone, although it's – everyone's concerned about it, we see that type of growth in our plan.
Michael Isor Roth: That's a mouthful. Okay. Well, look, obviously MRM is a very strong component of the Worldgroup and IPG, and we're always looking to add talent and strengthen our offerings. We see it as a big opportunity at MRM at the Worldgroup in terms of cross-disciplines, as well as potentially using that in the open architecture environment. So yes, we're beefing up our expertise in that particular segment and we believe that those opportunities will come as we strengthen their offerings. R/GA and HUGE are very interesting examples of competency. They started out as pure-play digital agencies, and obviously with the growth of digital, they've expanded dramatically. RG/A is a great textbook story of growing globally with success in the markets that they've opened in. You know, R/GA, you can put up a shingle and all of a sudden you have strong businesses. Their reputation is second to none in turns of their space and R/GA has done a great job at expanding their offerings focusing on the connected environment and they're doing design, they're doing business transformation. So they've expanded their offering well beyond the typical digital play if you will and that's why we're seeing the great growth out of R/GA. Similarly, HUGE has expanded. Remember, when we acquired HUGE, we had 80 people in Brooklyn, New York. Now we have some 1,100, 1,200 people on a worldwide basis and they've expanded our offerings as well in terms of different offerings and their go-to-market strategy in terms of business transformation. And frankly, expanding upon just the pure play digital offering. And if you plug those two agencies in our open-architecture model, frankly, there's hardly many companies that can compete with the strength of our global networks plugging in our digital plays to supplement their own expertise. And that's practically the whole concept of open architecture. And it's a challenge for us obviously because those individuals are focused on growing their wonderful businesses but again, they also see opportunities partnering with some of our agencies. In fact, some of the wins that we've seen, we've seen partnering of those digital, whether it be HUGE or R/GA with, whether it be McCann, FCB or MullenLowe. Although MullenLowe has Profero which is another digital agency that is performing extremely well on a global basis. So, it's not by accident that we see our digital agencies growing double digit. And of course, the embedded digital expertise we have at Weber Shandwick and experiential marketing and all of our networks themselves have very strong digital offerings. So that's why we don't break out digital, frankly, because digital is really throughout our offering. So the concept of our open architecture is to provide the best talent we have within the expertise and bring the best to our clients. And frankly it's working quite well and hopefully you'll see another win that reflects that in the next couple of weeks.
Michael Isor Roth: Okay. Well, first of all, on the overtime, we've been doing work on it and we're obviously looking at ways to mitigate it, but to the extent it does affect us, it's not a significant number, and obviously we're working towards reducing it. And we will, in fact, implement whatever we need to do to minimize the effect of it. On the pass-throughs, yes. The answer is, basically all of our pass-throughs have to do with our events. It has nothing to do with media ownership, which obviously is one of the confusing parts of pass-throughs from our competitors and us. And throughout the years, what we've been trying to do is change the contracts on these event engagements, because whether we act as an agent or not affects the accounting. What would happen is we will go out and outsource a lot of the people that are used in that engagement, and it's treated as a straight pass-through, but the accounting has it in our revenue and in our expenses, so we back out the pass-through. So it's not something that's a surprise to us. In fact – and those pass-through numbers are actually coming down, because when we enter into contracts, we know that it's confusing from an accounting point of view, so we try to structure the contracts to reflect it properly so that we don't find this. So it you look at it on a global basis, we have 30 basis points of pass-throughs, which is why if you looked at our overall organic, we would increase that organic by 30 basis points.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah, Brian. You know, everyone started the year thinking it was. If you remember I didn't think so, and the reason for it is I, we didn't know of any big media reviews at our existing clients. So that's basically why I answered the question the way I did. I still don't see as big, you know, there's two big reviews out there. Obviously AT&T and of course McDonalds on the creative side. But yeah, I suspect, as always, we'll see when it comes probably around September, we'll see some media reviews. But certainly it's, it will be pretty hard to compete with what we had last year, Brian.
Michael Isor Roth: And you know what's happening, some of our clients are just asking to look and as far as the ANA report. Of course we have dialogs with our clients, going over contracts, making sure our language is as tight as it has been. We had all these provisions in our contracts before, whether it be the ability to audit transparency. So clients, they'll ask questions like that, but I don't see any big upheaval in terms of reviews as a result of the ANA. I know there's one particular company out there, not a client of ours, that has brought in their outside auditors to look at this kind of stuff. I'm knocking on wood. We haven't seen any of that.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah. Interesting question on the U.S. Look, 62% of our business in the quarter came from the United States and there's no question that's a strength of IPG. We have very competitive offerings across all of our networks plus let's not forget our independent agencies in the U.S. We have Deutsch, we have Hill Holliday. These are very strong, The Martin Agency. We have very strong independent agencies in the U.S. and frankly, if there are UK or European companies looking to break into the U.S. market, we have more than enough competitive offerings to pick up their business and obviously, the digital components in the U.S. is exceptionally strong. So we can really field a great team to get that business. The other side of it is, the U.S. side of the business is very competitive, particularly on the CPG side. But we did see some of our clients shift some business to us in the U.S. And as they do acquisitions in the U.S., they want to beef up the offering so there is some of that in our growth in the U.S. And I view that as an opportunity. I think the fact that we have 62% of our business in the U.S. is a strong positive for us. I know this goes through waves if you will in terms of if you are better off in other countries, but we've been consistently very strong in the U.S. and frankly, we like that position.
Michael Isor Roth: A good portion of the tailwind is phased in within first quarter and second quarter. Some of it spilled over to the second half of the year, which is what I talked about. Obviously with new wins and so on, we'll have some additional business issues, wins hopefully and tailwinds in the second half, but it's too soon to give – we're not going to give out a number on that yet, because frankly some of our wins haven't been announced yet. But the answer is yes, we have tailwinds, not as big as in the first half of the year, and it certainly tails off in the second half of the year. Although the timing of these things – and again, I have to reiterate, the timing of these tailwinds and when they impact, we have – we really don't have much control over that. It happens to be in the hands of our clients, and so we're very conservative when it comes to whether we answer the question of when is the timing of our tailwinds, and for good reason.
Michael Isor Roth: If we have to give you a number, it was a little bit less, because that's – obviously we had some of it...
Michael Isor Roth: Cannes, as I said before in my comments, on a revenue basis, we outperformed – we're not as big as some of our competitors. So if you just through a lot of money in Cannes, you can win more awards than anyone else. So we think a good way of looking at it is comparing awards per revenue and when you do that our agencies perform better. That's the way we look at it. Of course we're going to look at it that way. McCann was very strong this year in Cannes and that's not by accident. McCann had a very strong emphasis on creativity. Rob Reilly and his team working with Harrison, the rest of, part of the McCann World Group, had a very strong effort in Cannes and the results are reflective of that. McCann New York in particular, it was great to see the awards they were winning and of course McCann Health won the Healthcare Agency of the Year. So it is an important factor. Every year we look at the question of risk/reward in terms of spending the kind of money we do in Cannes. No one asked for the person who performed the poorest in Cannes when we do reviews. So I believe we're going to continue to see a strong effort in terms of awards and to reflect the creative power of – creativity and effectiveness is an critical component of what we do which is why FCB, MullenLowe, all of our agencies participate in it. But we pick and choose which the work we want to put in and we're very proud of all the agencies and the awards that we won.
Michael Isor Roth: Yeah. I think that was the big talk in Cannes. A lot of it was coming from the media owners, the TV owners and a lot had to do with the up fronts. Remember, last year's scatter, a lot of companies were caught flat in the scatter and had to pay higher pricing. So we saw an uptick in TV in the up fronts. And a lot of people read into that that therefore the money going into digital is slowing and it's going back to TV. In the U.S., in terms of the spend, we see 2016 sort of equal between digital and TV and frankly, in 2017, we believe digital will pass TV. So the growth of digital is slowing a bit, because, look, it keeps getting bigger and bigger. But TV isn't going away. So our expertise is to help our clients decide where to put it. And some clients are happy with digital and they spend more in digital; other clients are concerned about the ad fraud and visibility, and are they getting the right ROIs in terms of bots and all of the ad blockers and so on, and they're more comfortable with TV. It's a question of what gives the clients the best ROI, and frankly that's what we get paid to do in terms of help our clients understand it. So, and we continue to see that as the opportunity for our business.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, thank you very much for the participation and I look forward to talking to you again in our third quarter results. Bye now.
