Michael Isor Roth: Thank you, Alexia. Well clearly, what you -- given the strength in auto and transportation, it's not a surprise to see how strong we were in the quarter on auto and transportation. Health care also was strong in the quarter. We were up actually 15.5%, as well as consumer goods, food and beverage. We had a slight dip in tech and telecom, but for the year, that's still positive. And financial services was slightly off in the quarter, but again, on a year-to-date basis, we were positive. The one area that we continue to have a bit of a drag is in retail. But across all sectors, we have very strong offerings, and obviously, we're quite pleased with the performance within the U.S. I made reference to the fact that we have a large business of government business, if you will. And we actually -- a lot has been written about impact of the shutdown. And so it was important for us to call that out. And we actually did have an impact in the quarter on our organic as a result of this shutdown. So I know we don't get to back that out, but if you look at the 100 basis points, then you see what our true performance and our strength in the U.S. is reflected. On the question of new business, we haven't seen the full impact of our business wins in 2013, which obviously bodes well for us in 2014. So we start seeing some of it in the third quarter. We'll see more of it in the fourth quarter. But the true impact of our new business wins is in 2014, and as Frank pointed out, we're seeing an impact of ramping up on the cost in our new business pitch expenses through the year.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. Thanks, Alexia. Well obviously, when we -- I know it's difficult to understand when we say we expect -- we need a strong fourth quarter. I mean, the result of that is really -- gets to the core issue here, and that is what effect the Continental Europe is having on our results. To put it in context, Continental Europe is 10%, okay, which is not a large number. But the other side of it is it's still important enough. And given the scale that we have, frankly, the lack of scale we have in Continental Europe, changes in Continental Europe for us have an impact on our margin. If you would look to a year-to-date basis, if we were to have performed on the organic side similar to what we performed last year, so let's assume a 2% to 3% drop in organic instead of the rate that we see now, we would have had approximately a 50-basis-point improvement in margin. So Continental Europe is having an effect on our margin. So therefore, when you look at the fourth quarter, unless we see a turnaround in that in the fourth quarter, it's going to be hard for us to achieve those numbers. And that's why we put it in that context. But again, we are seeing positive things happening in the U.K. McCann is performing well, obviously, in the U.K. and in Europe. Gustavo and his team and all of them in the McCann are having good success with existing clients in Europe. So we're doing things to bolster that performance in Europe. And candidly, if you look at the way we've approached Europe in the past, our first line of defense is to right-size our expenses with our revenue, and that's the reference of the comment that we're going to take a look at year-end actions here. Clearly, we need to take a look at that in a very hard light in terms of what our expected revenue is. The other is talent and adding to our portfolio. You've seen us take action in Europe. For example, with Lowe, when we needed to bolster our performance of Lowe in the U.K., we've added an acquisition of Delaney Lund, and that's performing well for us. And therefore, Lowe has been better positioned in the U.K. So we're also looking at talent. And Draftfcb, for example, recruited Nigel Jones from Publicis to head up global strategy. So we're strengthening our offerings in Continental Europe, and we're really positioning ourselves both from the cost side and from the talent side and our offerings to better position ourselves in that marketplace, and that'll include some tactical acquisitions as well. So it is 10%, but we are doing the best we can in terms of rightsizing it, and hopefully, we'll see some turnaround in that market, and we should benefit from that.
Michael Isor Roth: Again, we don't know -- you tell me what the government's going to do in the fourth quarter. But fourth quarter involves a lot of project business, and some of that business is project-based. So it's going to be hard for us to project that. But potentially, there's an impact of that in the fourth quarter as well.
Michael Isor Roth: Again, it goes to my point that I answered before, and that is our scale, since it only reflects 10%, changes in our client spend has more material effect on us than, frankly, some of our competitors. And that's a function of our clients. Some clients are spending more than others, and small cutbacks have a more material impact with us. I don't think -- in fact, recently, if you look at how McCann is doing in Europe and the strength, particularly in auto, I think it bodes well for us in terms of our performance. So on the vertical side, I don't believe we have any weaknesses in terms of our competition. I think it really comes down to that our size of our business there is more subject to variations due to fluctuations in local markets and some global spend [ph].
Michael Isor Roth: Yes. In the U.S., our global business, on a global basis, like a little bit over 3%. But in the U.S., it's about 3% as well. And we started seeing some cutback in the second quarter, but clearly in the third quarter, we saw that directly. And I think you have to look at not so much the shutdown, but I think sequestration had an impact on that. Government spending was cut across the board, as we all know, as a result of sequestration, and that had a direct impact on our businesses there. And I think we are probably a little bit overweighted on the government side of the business, which is a good thing, but during this period, it adversely affected us.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, I think the most significant impact in the margin expansion opportunity for us is when we get the current business wins cycling through for a full year in 2014. And given the fact that we should be able to convert that revenue at a 30% conversion, then that will significantly add to our margin expansion, okay? Obviously, we will do our best by year end to position ourselves going into 2014 to right-size our course profile against Europe. So if you think that Europe will continue to be a drag, then whatever actions we take in the fourth quarter should be able to position us in 2014 to put us back on a margin expansion environment out there in terms of Continental Europe. So I think the way to look at it is the fourth quarter will be telling on our impact of Continental Europe, not only for the rest of this year but for 2014, and how we take actions, whether it be talent, whether it be acquisitions, whether it be cost reductions and repositioning, so that 2014, we go into with a clean basis from a cost versus revenue basis so that the impact of the wins, not only from our new business wins. One of the interesting facts is that if you look at our top 20 clients, we've had good growth for them both through the quarter and through -- year to date. So our existing client base continues to be a source of revenue growth for us, and we hope that to continue in 2014 as well. So one way of looking at it is absent the back door, which has always been a concern of mine, opening up, we're very well positioned for 2014. In the fourth quarter, we will -- hopefully, we'll continue to manage our business to achieve our targets, but we will also keep whatever actions that are necessary in 2013 in mind to make sure 2014 is a solid year for us.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, we actually saw double-digit growth in Brazil, India and China, which all bode well. And remember, we had very strong comps in all of those regions. So we're very pleased with results, and we're very pleased with our offerings. In particular in India, we have very strong offerings in all 3 of our global networks and our media business and our PR business. We just did 2 transactions in India, one on the media side of the business, interactive on the digital side and on the PR side of the business with respect to Weber Shandwick. So India, it will continue to be a very strong market for us. We're showing very positive results. We know there are some issues in terms of the government and the economic environment, but the results for the quarter showed a very positive impact. Of course, Brazil, given what's happening in terms of the Olympics and the World Cup, we already have some assignments on the World Cup in tow that will be addressed and we have already started to work on. So we're excited about what's happening in Brazil. And there, too, our offerings at all of our global networks are strong, as well as our media businesses. So I think those 2 markets will continue to be a strong driver of growth and profitability for us. What I'm really pleased about was our results in China. We have double-digit growth in China, and that's one area that if you look at our relative size, we have work to go. We're committed to growing organically our business in China, and we're encouraged to see positive results in the media side of the business, as well as our global network. So I think all of those markets bode well for our performance into the future, and we're quite proud of our people in all of those regions.
Michael Isor Roth: Sure. Well, if you just look at Lowe, just won the SEAT business, that one will ramp up. It was a very nice piece of business for Lowe, and it showed its global and integrated offering. So that's encouraging. I think the expansion that we're seeing at McCann, as I've called out, in terms of both our existing client base there as well as new wins, that's going to happen or happened in McCann. And we're kicking off Draftfcb with a new management team that has some strong clients in Europe. So we're going to really position Draftfcb as well in those markets. So I think our offerings will be up to speed to be competitive in Continental Europe. And as far as the emerging markets, I've already said, I think that's encouraging. One market that's been very strong for us is Australia, and we've seen a great growth in that market. We have very solid media offerings, as well as global offerings, and we're pleased with what we're seeing there. Turkey will be a growth market for us. We have strong offerings there. And Africa will be -- we have very strong offerings there. So those markets, we're positioned. We're going to continue to invest in those other markets other than the BRIC markets. But overall -- and of course the U.S. Let's not forget the fact that 57% of our business is here in the United States. And our independent agencies are performing well, as well as our global network. So I think from a cross-section of the world, we're very well positioned. Russia is a market that we're looking closely at. We have a partner in Russia. We've always talked about taking some sort of equity position in Russia, and we continue to pursue that. I'm cautiously optimistic that we'll be able to do something in that front. So I'm very pleased with where we are in terms of positioning all our offerings. And frankly, I think absent changes in the macro environment, we're very -- we're well positioned to move into 2014 and get on the margin expansion track that we've committed ourselves to.
Michael Isor Roth: One of the impacts of our incentives was we have a long-term incentive plan. And one of the important things is that we are, as Frank said, a pay-for-performance model in terms of our incentive. So since 2012, we had a slight miss in 2012 that impacted our long-term incentive, which accounted for some of the decrease in our incentives that you've seen year to date.
Michael Isor Roth: No. I mean, the only thing that throws us off on that one will be the back door, which is why we're spending so much time with our existing clients. And I'm very pleased with how we've been performing. I don't want to give myself a jinx here. But no, I think you're spot on. I mean, the logic is there, and that, frankly, is our game plan. And that is to convert the new revenue, focus on our cost, continue to grow from our existing clients, which are top rate on a world-class basis, and keep our heads down and service our clients. And unless, of course, something happens in Washington, there's no reason why we shouldn't be able to do that.
Michael Isor Roth: I couldn't believe I wasn't going to get through a call without commenting on that. Let me just say, you know what, we've had -- added a number of talent additions in our company, and they coincidentally happen to come from those particular companies. I don't -- I wouldn't say it's exactly related to the transaction. Frankly, some of them, we were talking to before the transaction. But whenever you have a transaction like that, there's going to be some disruption and uncertainty, and people are looking to see where they're going to end up in that repositioning of the assets there. So it's logical to assume that there'll be talented people in the marketplace that are looking for an environment where opportunities are there. And certainly, we have a reputation that's positive and in line of talented people joining us on a long-term basis. So I think we are going to see opportunities. We have seen a number of candidates that are already looking. And I think you just continue to look at the senior team that we're putting together, whether it be at Draftfcb or additions on our media side of business, and we view this as an opportunity.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, whatever transaction we do, we have it as a precursor to us doing the transaction as margin expansion, okay. So we don't make a habit of doing transactions that are dilutive, although once in a while we do that only because it's a talent transaction more than an acquisition. But yes, we will continue as we did in 2012 and '13, look at digital transactions. Obviously -- and I don't think this is as a result of the merger. This is as a result of where the marketplace is demanding our expertise to be in. And although we have -- we're very comfortable with our standalone digital agencies, as well as our embedded digital capabilities of all our agencies, if there's a digital agency out there that can add talent, as well as capabilities to us, we're very much interested in talking. And we, in fact, have a couple in our pipeline that hopefully will come to fruition, as well as the emerging markets. We've been very successful in adding to our capabilities. I already discussed India, and we did the same in Latin America, on all our disciplines, whether it be PR, media, as well as, for example, the McCann in terms of the Washington transaction. So we will continue to be in the marketplace, looking for acquisitions. Do I think there's a silver bullet out there where we -- that would all of a sudden put us in the same position as the merged companies are going to be? Highly unlikely, but you never know if it's out there. But our game plan continues to be use the same amount of money, whether it be $150 million, $200 million in acquisitions. And that's what we budget for. That's what we keep in mind as a target. If something unusual comes up, we will consider it. We always look at enhancing shareholder value. But in the meantime, organic growth, coupled with strategic and tactical transactions, the way we've done it in the past couple of years, continues to be our focus.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, what we want to take a look at is our competitive positioning. And I think Lowe has done a good job in terms of looking at opportunities, as I said, on Delaney Lund, for example, is one. And McCann, obviously, is doing well. We've tactically added to McCann in terms of acquisitions, and we continue to look at ways to bolt on some talent in some of the markets. And Draftfcb, I have to say, there's is a wildcard out there, and that is how are we going to bolster Carter and his team to compete on a worldwide basis. And therefore, we're going to look at opportunities along those fronts. So I think those are the areas that we'll be focusing on.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, first of all, I think I already addressed the issue of margin. If you just looked at Continental Europe, if we looked at last year's 2% to 3% decline versus this year's, we'll figure about a 50-basis-point improvement in margin, okay? We're not going to give our total margin for Europe. I'm just giving you the delta. So that will give you a range and magnitude of the impact of Europe for us. In terms of strategic alliances versus acquisitions, we still look for it to be accretive. And frankly, it's either accretive or it's providing an asset that we don't have on our own and it's a cost-effective way for us to do it. We always like to grow things organically, but if it's quicker for us to either buy it or rent it, that's how we go about doing it. And that's what you're seeing with BPN. We're very pleased with the -- it just celebrated its 1-year anniversary, and it's performed well in the marketplace. It's expanded globally, and we're excited about the opportunities. And the transaction you referenced is just one more example of how they're looking to grow their own market share. And it gives us a very competitive third global network on the media side, which I think is important for us as we compete in the marketplace.
Michael Isor Roth: Whenever you share a client, you're not about getting the same amount of margin as you would if you didn't. But it still has to be economic for us to do it. We're not in the business of providing margin to other people other than ourselves. So you can assume if we do those kind of transactions, it's beneficial for us. It may not be quite as positive on the margin side, but our goal would be for it to get to the margin levels that we will require.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, when we talk about share buybacks, we always build into the needs of our business internally, as well as excess cash and returning capital to our shareholders. And I think we've done a pretty good job of balancing that. So when we do our plans, if we talk about $150 million, $200 million of acquisitions, that builds into it, obviously keeping in mind our dividend and our share buyback program. I think shopper marketing, as you pointed out, is an important market for us. We've done a lot of work in that, particularly on the Mediabrands side of the business and our global networks. So those are markets that we see expansion and enhancing our capabilities. And in some markets, it may just a creative agency, like I said, that adds to our talent. And it wouldn't be a big transaction, but it's basically recognizing a leadership requirement in a market, and maybe it brings clients with them or maybe it doesn't. But we've done well with that in the past. So when we look at transactions like that, we look at retention of talent, as well as servicing our existing clients in the marketplace. And sometimes it's easier for us to do that transaction rather than go out and hire a whole bunch of people to do it. So I think what you're going to see from us is the same kind of acquisition environment that we've had in the past. And nothing is causing us to go out and do some unnatural act in terms of a transaction where we bet the ranch on in terms of getting a much bigger scale. As I indicated, we're very comfortable with our scale across all of our markets. And frankly, we're not lacking any particular discipline. So tactical and strategic transactions within our capital structure will be the norm for us.
Michael Isor Roth: Yes, I mean, absolutely. That's what's I was referring to. Again, I think there are opportunities there, but they have to fit within our parameters. And they have to be able to provide the economic returns that we're looking for. There's no sense of us doing another transaction in Europe that's going to be a drag on our margin. So those transactions are harder to come by than small little creative shops that are looking for a buyout. So it's a fine line we have to manage, but that's the lens we look at these things through.
Michael Isor Roth: Well, thank you very much for participating in the call. Obviously, it's interesting times for us. But rest assured, we know what we have to do in terms of enhancing shareholder value, and we will continue to do our best in achieving that. Thank you very much.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John, you're right. We do need revenue, and we need revenue growth. And the impact on our SRS, again, we can keep pointing to Europe, but with such decline in the top line, it distorts all of your key SRS ratios, which we're seeing in the consolidated numbers. So it's not just 3% growth. We need to see stabilization in some of these markets that have been kind of killing us.
Frank Mergenthaler: I think we're fine. And we're scrutinizing it. But again, I think we're positioned well once growth comes into markets to leverage it, with the exception of Europe. It's a down roughly 6%, through the 9 months. Our headcount's only down 2% or 3%. So we haven't been able to keep up with the decline. And Michael pointed out, we came into the year thinking a year similar to last year down 2% to 3%. Down 6.5% through 9 months is something we've got to address. When you look at kind of sequentially in the quarter, the first 2 months of the quarter were in line with expectations. September, which is 40% of our revenue in that market, was down 6%, 7%. So that gave us cause to say, "Okay, let's look at the fourth quarter and see what actions we need to take," and gave rise to the comment that Michael made in his opening comments.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes. On the temp labor, Ben, we've always said 3.5% of revenue was a good number. We've been tracking above that. I think most of that is attributable to a very active new business in 2013, but it's an area that -- especially in the project concentration businesses for the fourth quarter we have to try and manage. And on severance, yes, I think you're going to expect -- you're going to see an increase in severance, especially around actions we're taking in Europe.
Frank Mergenthaler: Well, we've been between 3% and 4% of revenue for the past years. That's where we target people, but it's all predicated on our results for the year. As we perform versus our targets, to the extent we fall short of our targets, that's going to impact incentives.
