Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We're pleased to report strong organic revenue growth, operating profit and net income for both the third quarter and the first 9 months of 2011. As you have seen in our release this morning, Q3 organic revenue growth was very strong at 8.7%.  Operating profit was $173 million, an increase of 73% from a year ago. Our operating margin was 10% compared to 6.5% a year ago, and diluted earnings per share were $0.40, $0.16, excluding our gain on the Facebook transaction. The $0.16 of earnings per diluted share compares very favorably to the $0.08 for the same period last year. For the 9 months, organic growth was 7.5% on top of strong growth during the same period a year ago. Operating profit thus far in 2011 increased 38%.  In the third quarter, growth was led by our businesses in the U.S., Lat Am, Asia Pac and the U.K. We had growth in most client sectors. Digital was a major contributor to our growth. Our specialist agencies and, just as notably, the digital capabilities within our integrated agencies, marketing services firms and those at our media businesses all contributed to our strong performance. This performance further validates our digital strategy, which is to ensure that all of our agencies embed digital expertise at the core of their offerings, primarily through investments in talent and tools, as well as targeted acquisitions where necessary.  We're pleased to see high-single to low-double-digit organic growth at all of our integrated global networks, as well as double-digit growth in marketing services. We continue to manage our growth carefully and strategically. High-quality operating talent, combined with effective business controls, means that top line growth is accompanied by expense discipline and, therefore, converted to operating profit. In the third quarter, we achieved 350 basis points of margin expansion. For the 9 months, that number was 130 basis points. This improvement was achieved by leveraging both our principal expense lines. At quarter end, our trailing 12-month operating margin was 9.1%, which is the highest for any 12-month period at IPG in many years.  During our prior conference call, we expressed confidence that the pacing of revenue and expenses in 2011 would result in strong margin expansion. I'm sure you will agree that our third quarter results are indicative of that fact. We believe that disciplined investment in our people and our offerings will continue to drive competitive, organic revenue growth and improved profitability. This is a long-standing commitment, one that is backed by the track record of this management team and our operating unit leadership in recent years. Our performance in the 9 months has us positioned to deliver on this year's financial targets. We believe that we will also remain on track for fully competitive profitability and significant value creation as outlined at the Investor Day presentation we shared with you back in March.  In Q3, we also returned capital to our shareholders at a rate above that contemplated when we initiated our repurchase program in late February. During the quarter we purchased 15 million shares, using $130 million alongside $27 million in common share dividends. Through 9 months, we've utilized $269 million towards repurchase and buying in 27 million shares. And as you know, in conjunction with the Facebook transaction in August, our board raised the total authorization under the repurchase plan to $450 million.  Coming into this year and on our previous conference call, we shared financial performance targets with you, a 4% to 5% organic revenue growth for the year and operating margin of 9.5% or better. Taking into account our strong performance for the 9 months and balancing an appropriate degree of caution due to the current uncertainty in the global economic environment, we feel we can exceed these targets this year, particularly with respect to our revenue growth.  As we move forward into the fourth quarter, the tone of the business remains solid. We've seen little in the way of pullbacks among clients, despite the economic climate. The outlook of our project-based business is holding firm and the performance of the most economically-sensitive client sectors, auto, financial services and retail, remains solid in the third quarter. We all know that the macroeconomic picture is uncertain, particularly in some markets in Europe. In addition, we will be cycling against extremely challenging comps since in the fourth quarter of 2010, we grew 11.2% organically. Notwithstanding these hurdles, we remain comfortable with our stated performance targets. We're very pleased with the strong quarter and year-to-date, which gives us a real confidence that we can drive strong value creation for the balance of 2011 and beyond. At this point, let me turn things over to Frank.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. One of the things about our agencies, if you couple the independent agencies with our global networks -- obviously, as you know, 60% of our overall revenue comes from North America, which, in this environment, we think, is positive. We saw strong growth in the retail sector in particular, which was very helpful to us given the performance and the spend in that investment. The financial service sector, particularly in the United States, led by clients like MasterCard and eBay, and of course, our digital offerings of R/GA and HUGE were significant in the U.S. growth. So you couple all of those together, I think continues to show that our footprint in the United States, coupled with our overall global footprint, is what's driving these strong results.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, the severance number does include SC Johnson. 1.1% is a little bit higher than the numbers -- we usually tell you to use around 1%. I think given the environment we're in and some of the performance in some of our European agencies, I think a little north of 1% is a good number to use for the severance numbers going forward. The fourth quarter, we continue to say, Alexia -- and I loved your headline in your note, I thank you -- is we got to look at this on a full year basis. And which is why we're saying we keep looking at 4% to 5%. Probably, we should be able to do better than that, and the 9.5% or better margin. Fourth quarter has strong headwinds, and obviously, if we continue to perform the way we are, we're hopeful to see a good performance in the fourth quarter. But it's just very difficult for us to go quarter-to-quarter. But the tone is very solid. And the key there, of course, is our project business, and we haven't seen any pullback in the project business. And if you recall, 2008, we really didn't see that pullback until the end of November and December, so. And you've heard me say this. This doesn't feel like 2008. Our clients have a fair amount of cash on their balance sheets. They have access to the capital markets, and we don't get a sense of any big pullback in the fourth quarter. So all of that leads to the conclusions we stated in terms of our goals for the full year.
Michael I. Roth: I think it's a legitimate question to ask that as we've seen this growth, do we have to hire a significant amount of people to support that? And consistent with what Frank just said, again, we manage to the full year. And so we don't see a big ramp up in our cost in the fourth quarter, which would give people concern. And I think that's the discipline that we've shown, we've been able to continually show in our performance.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, but, I mean -- don't think about project businesses as providing the majority of our revenue in the fourth quarter, okay? We still have a regular -- the rest of our businesses to perform.
Michael I. Roth: One of the questions that always comes up is, during this past quarter, we've seen a depressed stock price, which, if this was a pure opportunistic buyback, when we were below $8 a share or even below, we would've taken all our cash and bought in our shares. I understand that some people are of that view. We view the share buyback program as a program. And that is, over a period of time, we return cash to our shareholders in a very thoughtful way. That said, you can see we've accelerated our share buyback program and use of, a, by the Facebook shares, but the other authorization that we had prior to the Facebook transaction, and that was an indication that we did believe that our shares were oversold, and there was an opportunity for us to buy in shares at what we viewed as an attractive price. But we're not going to use our share buyback program as a vehicle to pick the right stock price for us to buy-in our shares. So I think with the tone of us accelerating at the rate we did puts us on track to complete the share buyback program before it was originally contemplated when we instituted the plan. But again, it's not going to cause us to accelerate in a dramatic pace if the share price declines.
Michael I. Roth: Well, I think what we said was some of it was timing. And I think what you've seen is the recovery in Brazil is exactly that. We saw the timing give rise in the third quarter. Again, it goes to the issue of we can't particularly call out exactly what quarter a lot of this revenue is going to fall in. But aside from the timing of that particular event, we've seen a very strong business environment in Brazil, and it's reflected in the double-digit growth that you're seeing.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, let me talk about headwinds. It seems to be -- unfortunately, I've always articulated that -- first of all, our strongest growth comes from our existing clients, okay? And I think the positive results that you're seeing is consistent with that, okay? Because it's hard to cycle through the client losses that we are cycling through both in 2011 and the cycling that we have headwinds in going to 2012. And our biggest mantra here is keep our existing clients happy and to continue to grow within those clients. And fortunately, that's what we've been able to do. So a good portion of our growth is coming from our existing client base. And coming into 2011, we had some difficult headwinds that we were able to overcome. And, yes, we have some client losses that we have to cycle through in 2012. That's a headwind. But on business units, in particular, the ones who were -- like Draftfcb, which has to cycle through that client loss, they're very focused on replacing that business. It's not going to happen overnight, but they have a game plan. They've been working on it. You're right, absolutely, that it opened up a category for them, which previously they couldn't approach because of the exclusivity. But more importantly, that category has opened up for all of our global brands. And that category has some of the great multinational companies on a global footprint. And we're already working those clients to see how we pick up revenue from those -- that sector, if you will. So I think it will take some time, but I'm confident that we'll be able to overtake those headwinds, particularly at Draftfcb and the rest of our global clients and networks. On the question of timing and things like that, in the good old days, you can address timing and smoothing on revenue and expenses from an accounting point of view, and shame on us for missing by $26 million. I'll have to reiterate, it was only $26 million in the second quarter. But it goes to show you that we really don't have that type of control, and we don't control the scope of work. And the fact is, we have a scope of work that we work against. And the timing of that -- we don't all of a sudden run out and have all of our people complete everything at the end of the third quarter so that we can meet targets. So what you're really asking is that we move a lot of our business from the fourth quarter into the third quarter...
Michael I. Roth: Yes, absolutely. And that's my point about -- if you took our top 20 clients, we see good organic growth from them. And the answer to that, that has historically been a key portion of our organic growth. And, yes, the wallet share and the scope -- area scope. Project business, by definition, is one-offs, and it goes on top of our normal revenue stream. And that's why when we say project business is strong, that's good for us. And the way we get more money from our existing client is exactly the key to our success. And that is we bring more of our expertise, we bring more of the integrated offering to the table, and hopefully, we bring in some of our other disciplines throughout IPG and to our existing clients. That's how our model is supposed to work.
Michael I. Roth: We constantly look at a lot of these transactions that are out there, particularly in the digital space. We see the prices that are being asked. And it's a time for us to reiterate our strategy on digital. We don't believe we have to go out and buy huge digital offerings. We have premier -- R/GA is growing dramatically on a global basis. What we did with HUGE is a great example of our strategy, and that is, we bought a create company, headquartered in Brooklyn and coupled it with a low footprint and the rest of IPG and their own expertise. They're growing on a global basis. We're very competitive on the digital basis, and we pick up strategic digital transactions as you saw we did in the third quarter. So we don't see any need for us to spend huge amount of money to add to our digital portfolio. If we were losing in the digital environment, whether it be our specialist digital agencies or our global networks like McCann, Draftfcb or Lowe, and if we were losing obviously, with the Worldgroup having MRM -- and I already referenced them in terms of them being one of the largest global digital agencies, there's no need for us to go out and spend that kind of money to bring in the expertise because we already have the expertise within the umbrella. On the media side, which is a subtle way of your question, sure, there are markets where we would like to have a bigger scale. But there's no need for us to go out and spend $1 billion for us to capture those markets. So we're going to grow those markets organically. We're going to add to our talent pool. If we see strategic acquisitions on those markets that will fit in within our global objective -- we've been spending about $150 million a year on acquisitions, and there's no reason for us to ramp that up to $1 billion. It's only if we were missing an expertise would we spend that kind of money right now.
Michael I. Roth: Well, clearly, cash flow was a factor that goes into buybacks. Remember, we had built up an excess cash position on our balance sheet as we were going -- as we -- going through our turnaround period. And given the confidence level that management and the board has in our business offerings and the future of IPG, that certainly added to the fact that we implemented a dividend as well as the share buyback program. But you have to keep sight of your cash flow before you go out and continue, particularly with share buyback. The dividend, we believe, you don't institute a dividend if you're not highly confident that it will continue out into the out-years. So we will be very conscious of our cash flows, which continue to support the buyback program and the dividend that you see.
Michael I. Roth: Actually, there are announced global pitches that are out there. McCann Worldgroup is in the finals of the Exxon pitch. General Motors has some big media, as well as a pitch going on right now, which we're participating in. As Exxon goes, we don't see any big global pitches. But on the other side, we are winning business. I always comment about this, whenever we lose business, it's always out in the papers. When we win business from multinational clients, they like to keep it quiet. So it just so happens, when we win business, we can't announce it. When we lose business, it's all over the papers. So we've had some good client wins already, which are adding to our growth numbers, and we're very pleased with it. I'd rather win the business and not announce it than not have it.
Michael I. Roth: If we enter a period as we did, and I don't believe we are of 2009, it's obviously difficult to expand margin in that environment. But on a flat to slightly positive organic growth for '12, we should be able to expand margin. It just won't be expanding at the rate that we've expanded it, obviously, in 2011. But I think flat to positive, we should be able to expand margin.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I think it's a combination of that. And frankly, the strength of our digital offerings is very powerful. And if you take our MRM, you take HUGE and you take R/GA, those 3 offerings are growing at very attractive rates. And the fact that they're global, I think, is adding to those results and, frankly, which is why -- it adds to our comfort level on growth going into the out-years.
Michael I. Roth: Well, I'll let Frank answer the question on the cost. But we're still net new business negative, and we still have headwinds going into 2012. But there were, obviously, wins to offset the headwinds we had on those clients coming into the third quarter, and some of it were client-specific. So if we had a headwind, for example, on Microsoft, which we did, the fact that Deutsch won business from Microsoft in terms of their Windows and their B2B business, that obviously offsets some of the headwinds. So that's the kind of stuff that we're talking about. The one client at Draftfcb, that is discrete, and that's a headwind going into 2011, and we're starting to build up revenue against that loss.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, let me clarify one other point. For example, on General Motors, MRM continues to win digital business and scope on its projects with General Motors. So on an IPG basis, we had a headwind from the loss of Chevy at Campbell-Ewald and yet, MRM is growing General Motors, so that accounts for a part of the -- obviously a good part of the makeup on that particular client.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, I'll handle the headwinds issue. I'll let Frank talk about the margins. Well, I think you already said, we expect to convert the revenue with a 30% conversion, and that's how we get to the 2013 target using the growth assumptions of 4% to 5%. If I was modeling on a very conservative basis, I think your approach to industry norm minus headwinds would be a very conservative way to look at our numbers. That said, I do believe that we're very focused. We've opened up category here as a result of one of the big losses. We have had wins -- new business wins and we've had successes in growing organically. So obviously, we wouldn't view that as a good performance, okay? And certainly, when we outlined our budgets and our goals for the year, I wouldn't view that as a -- we wouldn't walk away being satisfied with that performance.
Michael I. Roth: Well, auto is where we were clearly cycling through the loss of Campbell-Ewald. It was still positive, but it wasn't at the double-digit growth that we saw in the second quarter. That said, we do have some wins, particularly as I outlined at MRM, and the spend at some of our existing other auto clients. It was in the low-single digits in terms of auto. Retail was particularly strong for us, as I said before, that being up double -- well into the double digits. Financial services, the same thing. Health and personal care was high-single digits for us, as was food and beverage.
Michael I. Roth: Packaged goods was a little bit soft, and that reflected as transitioning through a particular client, as you know. And tech and telecom, which is a big sector for us, was in the low-single digits. And there, we had a couple of small clients that we're still cycling through. But our big tech and telecom clients provided some growth to us.
Michael I. Roth: I think packaged goods is always the one that you get concerned about. I think historically, on a full year basis, we see slow growth, but it's consistent. So I think that's a reasonable assumption for packaged goods going forward. Everyone is always concerned about the auto sector given the cyclicality of that. And if we're entering into a double dip, is there going be a pullback there? We haven't seen any indications of that. And I think our offerings in the auto sector continue to be very strong. Remember, in addition to General Motors, we do Volkswagen, Hyundai and Chrysler. So those are -- we have -- and Subaru, if you will. So we have offsets to one particular company, and I think that bodes well for us. And I think, again, in a difficult environment, financial services and retail always are a question, but so far, we've been very pleased with the spend in those markets.
Michael I. Roth: Well, we continue to see solid spend there. I can't comment yet with fourth quarter still ongoing. Okay. Well, I thank you all for your support, and obviously, we're quite pleased with this quarter, and we look forward to you -- with you sharing our year-end results. Thank you again.
Frank Mergenthaler: John, I'm not sure I can comment on the go forward of Q2 and Q3, but I think it is worth calling out again as we did in our last call that the sequential buildup of costs in 2010 was dramatic, given the phasing of revenue growth coming out of the recession. So what you saw was, as growth came back in the equation in the second quarter of 2010, we couldn't hire quick enough and we had to somewhat catch-up in the back half of the year. For 2011, right now, the growth is at a more sustained pace. And as we said in the second quarter call, you should expect that H2 cost increases should not be as dramatic as they were in the prior year, and I think that was evident in the third quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: I don't know the definition, John, what we could describe as a project. I mean, we saw in -- as Michael pointed out, we don't see this as 2008 all over again, but things you would have considered not project business in 2008 have dried up pretty quickly. So there's a fair amount of variability against all the fourth quarter revenue. And to Michael's point, right now, operators are still feeling pretty good about how business feels going into the last 3 months.
Frank Mergenthaler: There's some amount that you're going to see, Ben, in the fourth quarter, but the majority of it was dealt with in the third quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: On Investor Day discussion, Peter, we used a growth rate of 4% to 5%. We saw the 30% conversion rate on that was reasonable, and we still think that based upon where we are today. If we see growth pull back a bit some more, can we still have margin improvement? I think we can, yes. We've got a number of initiatives around the company with respect to investment against tools and technology and back-office consolidation and shared service. So there's a whole bunch of other things going on to drive operating efficiency. And I think we're already seeing some of the benefits of that in our cost controls this year.
Frank Mergenthaler: Tim, on the cost side, what we said was we don't expect to see the second half costs accelerate compared to the first half, some of the pace -- the same pace we saw 2010. But let's remember that you have sequential revenue growth Q3 to Q4 that will require some incremental cost, but we don't expect that cost to be at the same pace that we saw growth in the prior year.
Frank Mergenthaler: And James, on the margin progression, I think given where we are through 9 months, we still believe that the bridge we built you for Investor Day is still very accurate. There are some growth components to it, and I think most of the leverages have come out of base salaries.
