Michael Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us, this morning, as we review our results for the third quarter and first nine months of 2019. As usual I'll start out by covering the highlights of our performance, Frank will then provide additional details, and I'll conclude with an update on our agencies to be followed by our Q&A.We're pleased to report another quarter of solid financial performance. Organic growth of our net revenue was 1.4% in the quarter, that's on top of 5.4% a year ago, as well as revenue headwinds, which brings organic growth over the first nine months of this year to 3.5%. The organic growth of our international markets continues to be strong at 4.5% in the quarter driven by our performance in LatAm, Continental Europe and Canada. Growth slowed in the UK and Asia PAC continue to be challenging with varied performance by national markets.In the US our organic change with a negative 60 basis points against 5% growth in Q3 last year. This result includes underlying growth across many of our US agencies and disciplines, but as expected, also reflects headwinds from the account activity towards the end of last year, which we've talked about on previous calls. These losses year-over-year resulted in the US headwind of 4.8% in the quarter. Overall our performance, taking into account the headwinds and industry leading comes from last year, along with positive net new business this year, demonstrates that our business remains highly competitive and on the right track.Looking at our operating segments, our Integrated Agency Networks grew 1.2% organically in the third quarter led by Mediabrands and FCB Health. The impact of the headwinds is felt primarily in the IAN segments. Organic growth at our CMG segment was 2.1% based by Weber Shandwick, Octagon and FutureBrand. In terms of clients sectors, we saw continued global increases across a very broad range of verticals. That includes healthcare, financial services, retail, tech and telecom and consumer goods. The auto and transportation sector decreased mainly due to last headwinds.The total growth of our net revenue in the quarter was 8.7%. That includes organic growth, as well as the impact of year-over-year currency changes, plus acquisitions and dispositions. Within that we continue to be pleased with the growth of Acxiom which remains on track with our expectations with accretive growth and margin performance. It's worth noting that we made a handful of new debt dispositions in Q3 as we continue our actions with respect to small, non-strategic business units around the world.Turning to EBITDA and operating income in the quarter, EBITDA was 302 million, an increase of 8.7% from last year's third quarter adjusted EBITDA. Operating income was 280.3 million. Diluted earnings per share was $0.49 as adjusted for amortization of acquired intangibles and business disposition expenses and was $0.42 as reported.Looking at the first nine months of 2019, our organic growth was 3.5%, with contributions for both our IAN and CMG segments, driving adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 90 basis points. Our growth is CMG was led by Weber Shandwick, Octagon and FutureBrand. IAN was led by IPG Mediabrands, and also highlighted by the growth of our global creatively led agency networks FCB McCann and MullenLowe.It continues to be clear that our strategic decisions and the execution by our operators continue to serve our clients distinctively well and set us apart in our industry. These include our open architecture structure, our sustained investment in strong agency brands, a foundation of digital competencies in all of our agencies, our commitment to transparency, and to best industry talent, and unique enterprise level data management capabilities.Therefore, heading into our important fourth quarter, we remain confident that the strength of our offerings, our performance to date, and the current tone of business have us well positioned to achieve our financial targets for the year. That is the high end of two to 3% organic growth, which is inclusive of headwinds and 40 to 50 basis points of margin expansion over last year's margin bringing us to 13.9% to 14%.At this point is my pleasure to turn things over to Frank for additional detail on our performance, and then I'll return with an update and highlight of our business.
Michael Roth: Thank you, Alexia. You didn't ask me what our performance was last week and now you're [indiscernible]. Yeah, look, there's definitely a disconnect between business and what's happening in the stock market and in the global world, if you will, in terms of what's happening there. The uncertainty obviously is not helpful. And clients – as everyone just continues to look to see what's going to come of it. That said, I think if you look at our performance, they continue to invest in their brands, and they need partners such as the offerings that we have to help them move the needle. I think it proves that what we do actually works. And the conversations are really focused on how can we help them move the needle? And as long as we have the offerings, which is what we were building here at IPG to help them move the needle. They have the money and they're willing to spend. The difference I would say between now and – in a stronger environment is the process that we go through is very project oriented, we're seeing that. They're very focused on return on investment, which is why it's so important that we have the appropriate data analytics to reach the right consumers with the right message. But that said, they're very willing and ready to spend money on offerings that help move the needle. So like everyone else, they're concerned, but they realize that what we do actually works and they have to spend dollars to build their brands. It's a very competitive world out there. As I've said before, there are a lot of offerings out there chasing the same revenue. And it's very important for us to differentiate ourselves in the marketplace, which is exactly what we do by using open architecture, by bringing in Acxiom, by focusing on our creative capabilities, our digital and our experiential and PR work all sitting at the same table. So I think the answer is if we have a strong offering that we can prove works, clients if they're still willing to spend those dollars to move the needle.
Michael Roth: Well, we're still going to have headwinds in the fourth quarter as we had in this quarter and it'll be of similar magnitude, right? And, and frankly, it'll roll a little bit into first quarter and second quarter of next year. That said, when we set our guidance, we do it from the bottoms up. We do it on a full year basis. We start at the beginning of the year, and we adjust it as we go through the year. So our guidance is on the high end of the 3%, takes into consideration what our operators are seeing in the marketplace. What our contracts provide? And what projects we have in the pipeline that we think will result in our organic growth for the quarter? Look, you know this, our fourth quarter is very important to us. It's dependent upon projects. It's dependent upon completing a number of proposals we have with existing clients. So I wouldn't say there's conservatism in there, I would say that it's our best shot at looking at what we think we'll be able to deliver for the year.
Michael Roth: Well, I like I said we're going to have headwinds in the first and second quarter, but we are a net new business positive year-to-date and we hope will finish that way for the rest of the year. So, but for our – you're right [ph] here I go, I was wondering how long it would take me to do this. But for our headwinds we have a very strong organic growth number right now. And I think that's the point that our existing clients and our new wins reflect a solid economy out there where clients are willing to spend. So I think we're well positioned given our new business performance. And as we cycle through these headwinds, we'll be posting good, decent, leading industry organic growth, I hope.
Michael Roth: All of that okay. First let me comment on Acxiom, Acxiom continuous to deliver, as I said in my remarks, consistent with what we expected in terms of our acquisition. And when I say that I say, anticipating the same for the rest of the year, that's built into our numbers. We knew that was going to be in our numbers in the fourth quarter. So that number is all inclusive. I think the important part of Acxiom, one is that the data management business continues to perform well, they're best in class and that's two thirds of their business. They've added some new logos. We don't talk about specific clients of Acxiom for various reasons, but they've added some new logos, which is great. But I think the real important point is that Acxiom has been part of a number of our new business wins. And frankly, working with existing clients and adding value to our existing clients, which I hope will lead to retention particularly on the media side. So we're very pleased the way – first of all that Acxiom has been integrated into our business. Basically, the integration of Acxiom into IPG is done. And frankly, I know that was one of the questions in our industry, whether we can absorb companies like this. So I think we've proven that we can and they continue to add value to us.The question of dispositions is an interesting one, if you go back to the history of the holding companies, they're a bunch of series of roll ups. MullenLowe was a great example. They had global clients, particularly Unilever, which we had locations all over the world and we had agencies supporting that business all over the world. And there were partnerships. There were joint ventures. There were stand alone. We had agreements with them, but the world doesn't operate that way anymore. And the need for us to have all these standalone agencies in countries that, frankly, take up a lot of management time, some are actually losing money. So it's diluted to our margin. To maximize our returns and maximize our margin expansion, we have to look at whether there's other ways of doing business in those markets without having standalone agencies. So that's what this reflects. And I suspect you're seeing that for all the holding companies. It's interesting to ask, when you ask these global clients do you need an agency in this market, the answer is no. And when that's true, then we look at the local markets excels and whether the return on investment makes sense in the local markets. And if we can have a contractual relationship with those agencies, to provide the services that are necessary for our global clients. That's fine for us. And we can focus on management to growth in the bigger markets. So I think it's something you're going to see throughout the industry.And I think what you've seen us taking a hard look at are we in the right markets with the right offerings and how should we position with respect to those markets. And that's why you see us adding to the disposition. It's not that we're cutting back on acquisition. It's we're focusing on the efficiencies of how we do business in the world today. In the US, we continue to – but for the headwinds in the US, most of the headwinds, the 4.8% that we've referenced are in the US. So it's the first time we've had a negative organic growth in the quarter that I can remember, actually and it's all due to the headwinds that we're going through. Again, if you pull out the headwinds, we're doing pretty well in the US. So we have to go find a new client to replace those headwinds. And again, the other reality of our business these days is that you don't have these big clients. It's more – it's a bunch of doubles and singles as opposed to home run. But we're doing a pretty good job at that, which is why we're net new business positive and a fair amount of that is in the US. And remember 64% of our business is in the US and it's a healthy market in the United States.
Michael Roth: Yeah, well, that. Look, the headwinds. I said – I just said in the fourth quarter, they're similar to what we had in the third quarter. And they do spill into the first and second quarter, but not certainly of that magnitude. Okay. But we are net new business positive and we're working our way through that. As far as Acxiom, yeah, I think when we say - our board was very specific when we proposed the acquisition of Acxiom. We had to have an integration plan in place. We have teams and I think they've done a tremendous job. One of the reasons we've been able to do this is the cultures of Acxiom and IPG are so similar. So the hard parts were the legacy systems were – even incentive comps and things like that. And we're in good shape in terms of integrating Acxiom. So I would say that we're pretty much 100% there, maybe we're 90% there, there's still bits and pieces. But the integration of Acxiom has gone better than planned actually and we're actually moving people within IPG. We've moved some people into Kinesso which I'll talk about to help that. So we're very pleased with how Acxiom has been integrated and the added value that we see. Remember Acxiom is data management, all right and Kinesso has not changed its core business at Acxiom of managing first party data. So a lot of the questions are why didn't we just put this in Acxiom? Why don't we take Acxiom and put them in Kinesso?Acxiom is a standalone business. It's a great business. Two thirds of their business is data management and that's the way it's going to stay as an independent company. What we've done in Kinesso, if you think of it, think of Acxiom is providing the data information and capabilities to Kinesso and the technology is itself in the Kinesso base. So the company itself – think of it as a technology arm. And then on top of that, you add the services part of it, which is like the Cadreon and other creative assets that are available to Kinesso through integration with our creative agencies. So there are three legs, the data, the technology and the services. And Cadreon is the one piece of Mediabrands that actually was put into Kinesso. So that is a standalone company, we're really excited about it, we're going to start rolling that out. We already have in terms of working with Mediabrands in particular because of the value added in that environment. And in fact, we mentioned that Acxiom has been very helpful in terms of new media wins. The value proposition of Kinesso was a good part of that in terms of the wins. So we're very happy with the opportunities in Kinesso and I would look to 2020 before we really start seeing the impact of this, but we're pretty excited about it.
Michael Roth: Yeah, great, what we said is we will look into about a 5% growth for Acxiom. We said that in our business plan, and when I say Acxiom continues to deliver consistent with its business plan, you can assume that's where it's coming from. So we don't break out the growth of Acxiom separately, but you can use that as a number. And yeah, the integration of Acxiom in terms of the rest of IPG, obviously, as I said, on the media side of the business it's been very active in terms of the value propositions that the media teams are using both UM and Initiatives. So they've been very helpful and we haven't yet – although on some unique cases used the strength of Acxiom and Kinesso yet with respect to some of our other global networks, but that's on the horizon. And we have them lining up asking for assistance. In fact, one of our agencies is involved in a pitch right now. And I think today, they're going to have a conversation with the Acxiom team and Kinesso to see how they can help in the pitch. And this is a creative pitch. So we're very happy to see that happening. And it's all part of our open architecture model. It's a core part of what we do in the marketplace. And it resonates exceptionally well with our global clients.I've had a number of meetings with our global clients that are actually calling out open architecture to me and the team which is great. And sitting, sitting at the table you have McCann you have FCB, you have Weber Shandwick, you have R/GA, you have Mediabrands and you have Acxiom. You put all of those people together on the room focusing on a single client. And that's exactly what market demands and what clients want to see. And to the extent we can show that we can work together on a client basis, bringing all these resources together, there's no need for them to use anyone else. And the relationship we develop as a business partner to our clients is indestructible when that works correctly. So that's the whole premise. And that's the differentiator between IPG and the other agencies. Open architecture is at our core, collaboration is at our core. We didn't have to break up all of our agencies and put them together in one silo. We build our brands. Our brands are – we're very proud of each of our brands. The retention of the talent, the creative capability within those brands is world class.And why would we break those up. All of it is accounting and all you have to do is put these people in a room and work together and magic comes out of it. So that's our whole go to market strategy. And frankly, that's why we've been performing the way we have and clients know that. And they're asking us for the rest of IPG coming to the table. And on the question Acxiom, we still have the opportunity of Acxiom clients bringing IPG into the Acxiom clients. It takes a little bit longer in terms of that kind of relationship, but we're already starting doing that as well. So I think the opportunities that are in front of us are good and we're positioned as a company to meet those demands. We have the talent, we have the tools, we have the resources and we have the will to make it happen. So I'm kind of encouraged and optimistic in terms of what we bring to the marketplace and how we can differentiate ourselves in the marketplace
Michael Roth: What was your first question? The leverage, I know. Look, we don't have any leverage guidelines. We've already – as you saw in the quarter, we paid down 200 million. Our commitment to our rating agencies is we'll maintain a strong balance sheet, we want to retain our investment grade rating, but it's on the horizon. Frankly, we meet regularly to figure out how far we have to bring that down before we can get back into share buybacks, though it's on the horizon, we won't commit to a date. We want to make sure our balance sheet is as strong as it could be. No one's asked yet about the potential of a recession. But everyone talks about it. And we want to make sure we have a balance sheet that continues to be strong in the event, something like that that should happen, so all these factors go into place when we make that determination. That said, we're still paying dividends, we still increase dividends. We believe we've had no need to do any large transactions. I think what you'll see on the acquisition side are very strategic and smaller transactions that are either geographic or discipline or just talent. So there's no need for our excess capital internally. So obviously, returning that to our shareholders is a paramount objective to us. And we'll continue to look at the dividend to accomplish that until we get our levels at a reasonable rate – place and so that we can go be back in the market buying shares.On the promotions, obviously, with Philippe coming on board as Chief Operating Officer, that's a recognition of his contributions throughout the whole senior management team and his role played in the turnaround of IPG. We're very proud of it. Obviously, when myself and the board made that decision, it positions Philippe in a very strong way in terms of succession. We have a succession plan in place. What I love about the promotions, Daryl and Eileen at Mediabrands, these are all whether it be Kim or Will at Deutsch, these are all internal promotions, and it's the strength of our talents. And we don't need to go outside in most cases for promoting from within. So I think our responsibility as a leadership and as a board is to make sure that there's a succession plan in place, not just for my job, but for everybody's job within the company, which is why we do talent reviews, and we have a pretty clear plan in terms of next steps and so on. So when it comes to making those decisions, we're very well positioned. And that's another factor that I believe distinguishes us from our competition. We don't have to go to the outside. As far as my timing goes, as I said, I'm on the back nine as opposed to the front nine. And obviously I can't keep doing this forever. And my responsibility to the board is make sure that everything's in place at IPG that I committed to and working with our team. And when that happens, that's what will happen.
Michael Roth: Yeah, sure, well, I don't think it's a secret. With GDPR we see it already in places. I think it's in January, in California and other states have adopted similar requirements and which is why, by the way, we support the Business Roundtable position on our federal GDPR. I mean, it's not easy to do it on a state by state basis, each of the states are going to require different things. And therefore, it's going to cause a great deal of additional work for our clients as well as us. And if we had a federal legislation that covers it, it's an important issue. I think it's pretty clear that it's here to stay. And regulation in this area is important. And the more unified that legislation, the better it is. So we endorse the Business Roundtable statement. One of the things about Acxiom is its expertise in privacy. For us that has this five stars, it's one of the most highly regarded data management companies and privacy is a critical piece of that. So we view our expertise of Acxiom as critical as clients are looking for ways to deal with the GDPR and privacy rules in general. And again, that's another reason we found the acquisition of Acxiom to be an important part of a differentiator for us going forward. So, yes, it's one of the most important issues we have to face. And yes, we have the capabilities to help implement that with our clients.
Michael Roth: Yeah, I mean, it's a very important factor. Frankly, Kinesso is one of the reasons we have Kinesso and one of the key offerings that there if you couple of Cadreon with the data capabilities of Acxiom that's what's Cadreon uses and addresses addressable markets. And so therefore, that's one of the reasons we created Kinesso to be in a position to work with our clients. And yeah, there's a shift moving from TV to digital. We see that in terms of having TV and linear TV pass digital in terms of total spend. So, all of this is frankly, why we bought Acxiom and why we isolated certain aspects of that in Kinesso so the value proposition that we can bring to our clients in terms of addressable, finding the right individuals and think of it as looking for individuals, not just groups of people and on a cleanse basis. So yeah, I think it's happening in the marketplace. And we add value when those issues come up. So when clients ask about it, that's good for us because if we can be in front of our clients showing our capabilities it enhances to the relationship significantly.
Michael Roth: Yeah. Well, look, we hope. I don't see any signs of a 2008 and '09 recession right now. And even with the talk – a lot of people are talking about if there's a recession, it's going to be a recession light, whatever that means. But in 2008 and '09 marketing dollars dropped and there was no capital. I mean, it was it was a whole different world. I think we've taken the position already. That's why we're able to expand margins like you're seeing is that we match revenue and expense very carefully. All of our agencies have very strong disciplines that before they add headcount, it has to be associated with revenue. Well, the fact that we're doing the dispositions on those countries that we're not necessary to be in all leads itself to margin expansion, efficiencies and protecting our P&L in the event that a recession comes. So the one thing we've learned since '08 and '09 is how to manage expenses. And it's part of every business review we have, that we take a look at what actions would unnecessary. And because we're a variable cost model, you look at the headcount and SRS. And so we have governors on all of our incentive comp calculations to make sure that all of those are in line with predetermined levels. So we're comfortable that in the event we do get a recession light that we're well positioned. And frankly, we're at a point where we need organic growth to expand margin. So there's no question that if there's no organic growth and it's going to be hard to expand margin, But I think we've been able to show just in this quarter that if there's a lower organic growth we're still able to expand margin by doing the things I just talked about.
Michael Roth: Okay, well, I thank you all for participating and we look forward to our next conversation regarding our final year results. Thank you.
