Michael I. Roth: Thank you, Jerry, and thank you all for joining us this morning. We're pleased to report strong financial results for the fourth quarter and full year, driven by organic revenue growth for 2011 at the high end of our industry and significant improvement in both operating margin and earnings per share.  Beginning with revenue, our organic growth was 6.1% for the year. This is ahead of the 4% to 5% growth we had targeted. Our fourth quarter organic growth was 2.8%, and given the challenging comparison to Q4 2010 organic growth of 11.2%, this is a solid performance. For the full year, all of our global networks grew organically. We grew in all client sectors and in most regions of the world, with Continental Europe the sole exception, as we expected.  Our digital capabilities, whether embedded across our organization or within digital specialist agencies, contributed significantly to our growth. This performance speaks to the quality and competitiveness of our offerings, as well as to the power of our diversified model and geographic reach. Throughout the year, we continue to invest in talent and tools so as to better meet the needs of our clients in the dynamic media and marketing environment.  At the same time, our operators remained disciplined in their expense management, which allowed us to effectively convert incremental revenue to operating profit. This was clearly evident in our Q4 results. Operating profit increased 17% from a year ago to $385 million, with operating margin expansion of 210 basis points to 18.6%. For the full year, our operating profit increased 25% to $687 million. Operating margin expanded by 140 basis points to 9.8%, within the targeted range we had set early in the year.  Again, it's worth noting that all of our global networks and all world regions other than Europe improved operating margin during 2011. Frank will provide details on the various key efficiency metrics, but there's one I want to call out. We posted the highest revenue per employee recorded by our company in over a decade. Diluted EPS for the quarter was $0.50 compared with $0.36 a year ago, an increase of 39%. For the full year, diluted EPS was $0.99. Excluding the Facebook gain recorded in the third quarter, full year diluted earnings per share would have been $0.76, an increase of 62% from the 2010 EPS of $0.47.  Our capital return programs have also been a significant area of sustainable value creation. At this time last year, we initiated our share repurchase program and common stock dividend. These were important milestones for our company. We're pleased to report that during 2011, via buybacks and dividends, we returned a total over $500 million to our shareholders. Today, we're announcing a number of steps that will further utilize our strong financial position for both return of capital and debt de-leveraging.  First, our board has authorized a new repurchase program in the amount of $300 million. This is in addition to the $50 million of capacity that remained on our existing authorization as of January 1. Second, we've elected to exercise our option to call our 4.25% convertible notes, $400 million outstanding. This action will eliminate convertible equity of 33 million shares that is presently in our diluted share count.  Overall, 2011 was another very strong year for us. We demonstrated the vitality and competitiveness of our professional offerings, converted top line growth into significant gains in profitability and further improved our capital structure. This progress positions us to deliver on the 2014 goals we set at our Investor Day, which will allow us to drive continued value creation going forward. At this point, let me turn things over to Frank for some additional color on our financial performance.
Michael I. Roth: Well, let's focus on 3% because I think that's the relevant question here. One is, of course, as I said, we have headwinds of 2% to 3% coming into 2012. So when we say 3% for the year, that takes into effect the headwinds we have, so therefore, there’s assumed revenue growth either from our existing clients or from new business, which is why I referenced some of the new business wins that we're already experiencing in the first quarter and the solid pipeline we have. So that number that we're using takes into consideration any client losses and, frankly, some levels of success in our pipeline. If you contrast it to where we were in 2011, when we started 2011, we had 3 major clients up for review, and some, we were moderately successful on, and obviously, SC Johnson, we lost. We're not in that position for 2012, and as I say that, I touch wood, okay. But so we see, there's some clients up for review not of the magnitude we had before. And frankly, there are active pitches going on right now where we see upside. For example, the Bank of America review that's there. Hill Holliday is leading our charge there. They're an existing client, so there is risk there. But we feel we're well positioned on that pitch. The Unilever media, we're incumbent in some parts of their markets. We hope to, obviously, retain that and expand markets. So there are opportunities for us to improve. McCann, a lot has made note of some of the client losses because frankly, whenever McCann loses a client, it gets headlines. But what you don't see is client wins that they're receiving from existing client base where they're expanding relationships. We do our budgeting process from the bottoms up, and obviously, that reflects improvements from McCann in 2012. And as I indicated in my remarks, McCann improved in 2011, so they showed revenue growth. They showed margin improvement. So notwithstanding some client losses that get headlines, we believe McCann is very well-situated from a competitive point of view moving forward.
Michael I. Roth: Relatively stable is an interesting way of putting it. Look, we knew we have challenges in Continental Europe. Our results reflect that. But as I indicated, this is not unexpected from us, and frankly, for 2012, we're not counting on a major recovery. So it didn't deteriorate any worse in December, if that specifically is your question, but obviously, we're not assuming a huge growth in 2012.
Michael I. Roth: There are only so many levers that we have, and those are the key ones, as Frank points out. And we manage to margin, and all our business units, our performance is matched up against that. So that is the key area of focus throughout the world for all of our operators.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, a lot of the business -- we have a mix of local business and multinationals there. And look, it's very cautious there, and everybody is concerned. So we're just basically forecasting a very slow improvement and no big pickup, but the tone is cautious. There's no question about it. We have some local wins and some existing clients spending money, but I wouldn't say that the recovery is taking hold and we've seen bottom. I think a lot is going to unfold as this action is taken in the money markets and Greece and so on and how it all affects it, but there's a caution up there that continues.
Michael I. Roth: Let me talk about the buyback, and Frank will talk about working capital. We have a yearly program for buybacks, okay? Some of it is open market, some of it is a program buyback. So we will continue throughout the first quarter in the buyback. Obviously, we're out of the market as certain things come up, but it's a full year program.
Michael I. Roth: Yes. I mean, that's a question on growth from new business versus existing clients. That is an issue that we constantly address. The significant part of our growth is coming from existing clients, and that's where the opportunities are both from a margin point of view and organic revenue growth. Obviously, whenever there's new business out there, we want to participate. We want to win our fair share. But the key to these assumptions are retaining clients and growing existing clients from an organic point of view. On the 300 basis point question, 2011 didn't have -- we had 2% headwinds going into 2011. I would say that when you back out the headwinds and the difficult comps, I think we're still slightly ahead of our peer groups in terms of the fundamental organic growth, and part of that has to do with our weighting between U.S. and foreign. We're overweighted in the U.S. We had strong performance in the U.S., and I think that's what accounted for our organic growth.
Michael I. Roth: ? Yes, pretty much so. We had some timing issues in the fourth quarter on some small revenue items in some of the Asia Pac countries. But I think, again, we look at this on a full year basis, and I think going into 2012, our weighting in the United States is going to do us well.
Michael I. Roth: I think multinational clients are looking at full year. Obviously, they'll wait depending on how business situations are by location. But there's no question that the multinationals are looking to expand markets, particularly in the emerging markets. And they have programs, and we're working with them to spend those dollars. So we have that kind of visibility. It's the project-based businesses that we always are careful about because when business is suspect, that's the stuff that gets pulled back. The long-term brand building, launching new products and things like that, we have visibility into that, and when we do our business forecasting, it's bottoms up. So what happens is our agencies know what launches, whether it's a new car, whether it's a new product and in what regions. So there is a fundamental investing in brands that we see. It's the project business that is the wildcard in a lot of these numbers. And frankly, the tone right now, and I think you've seen it in some of the articles that are out there, multinational clients are increasing their marketing spend because they see the return on investment as real, and it's our job to show them that what we're doing helps them move the needle. And if it moves the needle, then they're happy. Even in a difficult environment, I mean, that's how you build brands and you capture market share. The key here is our ability to show that there's a return on investment, and frankly, the pay-for-performance model that we're using more in the Mediabrands environment lends itself to that type of environment. And that is if you spend your dollars and we're successful in helping you move the needle, we'll get paid for it. So I think there's visibility into product launches, brand building and gaining market share. The project-based business is where we don't have as long a vision into the future.
Michael I. Roth: I hate to bring a sore point up, but if you remember 2011, we always look at our numbers on a full year basis, and there may be hiccups on quarters as we experienced one in 2011. We continue to manage our businesses to the full year, and that's how we give our guidance, and that's frankly how our businesses are operated. So it's hard for us. Obviously, the first quarter is always a more difficult quarter for us. But again, we take that into consideration in the models and how we forecast for the year.
Michael I. Roth: Yes, and incidentally, those reductions are in the markets that are having problems, so you see -- Continental Europe, that's where you see the severance action. So we have to match revenue and expenses, and if we're not forecasting a big recovery in Continental Europe, you can expect severance in Continental Europe to match the lack of revenue growth.
Michael I. Roth: The other piece of that is what are we forecasting for M&A, right? And although we were short of spending our dollars in 2011, we're going to use around $200 million for 2012, which is a rollover of some of the stuff we have in the pipeline in 2011 and our expected budget for '12.
Michael I. Roth: I think your observation on the headwinds is a valid one. We have to make up some ground. Also, new business wins don't kick in the second you win them. So I mean, you have to factor all that in, but our business unit’s factor in as well existing client growth and where this launches and so on. So it's a combination of making up any shortfalls and existing client pipelines. And so that's why we don't give quarterly guidance because we know that there are cases where this is going to be lumpy. And I think what you're seeing is we put out numbers that we believe we're going to deliver on a full year basis, and so far, we've been pretty good at that.
Michael I. Roth: All of that, okay. Look, obviously, Latin America is hot. There's no reason to expect us not to continue strong performance. They have a few events coming in Latin America like the Olympics and the World Cup. So that, obviously, will help in terms of the momentum in Latin America. Plus it's a solid environment where we're seeing a lot of growth. I think the headwinds are probably more domestic than international, particularly because of SCJ, although there was a foreign component with SC Johnson, as well as the Microsoft runoff that's embedded in there. So I think it's more skewed to the United States.
Michael I. Roth: Well, our incentives are based purely on performance, so I think 3.5% to 4%. Hopefully, we'll hit 4%. I mean, that means we exceeded our budgets, and everybody's going to be happy with that. As far as U.S., look, we're 55% in the United States, and so obviously, that gets factored into our growth numbers to that effect. So again, we can't talk about it by quarter, but obviously, our results are skewed to the United States.  Well, thank you. And again, thank you all for your support, and it should be an exciting year for us. Thank you.
Frank Mergenthaler: No, John. I mean, look, the progress we've made has been on managing base and benefits and, to some extent, offsetting that temp labor. But the incentive expense and severance has been relatively stable, and we've just seen continued pressure by our operators to drive the base benefits and tax down. And when you look forward to 2012 and the incremental leverage we hope to get in margin expansion on the 3% growth rate, the 2 big areas we'll continue to focus on is aggressively driving greater leverage out of base benefits and our temporary labor.
Frank Mergenthaler: Yes, John. I mean, we historically have guided people to 1%. It's been tracking higher, so it's probably going to be somewhere between 1% and 1.5%. But to the point Michael made is our operators are incented to deliver margin, so to the extent the severance number is higher than that, they've got to go find incremental savings somewhere else within their cost structure.
Frank Mergenthaler: And Ben, on the working capital, you've been around the story a long time in this industry. I mean, there's a lot of volatility. And if you go back and look over time, you can see in a normal year, as long as primarily your media business is growing or your revenue is growing, the model's working capital-accretive. What we saw in 2010 was just an unusually significant working capital generation in the fourth quarter. We had a very significant new client come on in media. Our Mediabrands group did very well. Our overall company did very well in the fourth quarter, which gave us a $600-plus million generation of cash in Q4 2010, probably almost 2x what we normally see. That unwound in the first quarter of '11, which gave rise to the full year. So if you go back and look over the last 3 years, we've generated about $500 million from working capital. So again, you can expect continued volatility, and I think that Q4 2010 was a bit of an anomaly, and it cycled through in the first quarter this year. We would expect 2012 to be more normalized. I'm not ready to put a number on what exactly that means.
Frank Mergenthaler: Bill, I would imagine given the seasonality of our business, I think it would be consistent with prior years. The first quarter is usually, from a profitability perspective, very weak. Second quarter is usually stronger. Third quarter is relatively weak, and you have an awful lot of your profit coming in the fourth quarter.
Frank Mergenthaler: It was actually down year-on-year, and for the full year, Bill, it was 1.5%, the same it was last year. It's usually a heavier quarter just because we're looking at the subsequent year's budget, and to the extent we're falling short of where we need to be, it usually causes us to take actions with headcount, and that drives the severance number.
Frank Mergenthaler: Matt, again, I would look to the phasing you've seen over the last 2 or 3 years. As Michael pointed out, we build our budgets bottoms up for the year. Quarterly phasing of those annual budgets, there's some art to it, right? But we're focused on building our plans for the year, and we hold our operators accountable for delivering their annual results. We do phase it, but again, there's always movements quarter-to-quarter, as Michael pointed out, like we saw in the second quarter last year, where we got a lot of pressure because our revenue was short. We said the majority of it will slip into third quarter. It did.
Frank Mergenthaler: On the NOLs, Matt, we started the year with $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion. We used $400 million of losses, which leaves us about $1.4 billion left, with about $1.1 billion of them being attached to Europe.
