Patrick Goris: Good morning. And thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s second quarter fiscal 2016 earnings release conference call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO, and Ted Crandall, our CFO. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our Web site. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available at that Web site for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand the call over to Keith.
Patrick Goris: Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we’d like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Operator, let’s take our first question.
Patrick Goris: Operator, we will take one more question. After that, Keith will have some closing comments before we will end the call. Thank you.
Keith Nosbusch: No. We don’t have much exposure to the consumer electronics space. That is not one of the key areas. We do a little bit in the semiconductor industry that feeds the market, but those markets are much larger than just one dimension. So we don’t see that as any change or any impact to our current business or our outlook for the rest of the year.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. I think that’s why we said we had – we built backlog last quarter and we expect growth for the full year, the remainder of the year. And we had a very good first quarter in Europe. So would say that we are seeing improvement there and it’s been driven from both emerging Europe and then specific countries in mature Western Europe, particularly now that the south has come back a little better, strengthen in Italy, particularly in some of the home and personal care OEM segment. France has turned positive as well as Spain. So we do see that improvement, but it is also modest growth at this point.
Keith Nosbusch: I don’t think we said that in the quarter, but we do expect auto to grow in the second half of the year. Consumer and auto would be the two areas that we anticipate the above-the-company average and positive growth. And the specific question on auto for the quarter was that it was up 3% and I don’t think I said that. But that was the number. So it was one of the offsets to some of our heavy industry declines, if you will. What we’re seeing in auto is continued high levels of investment. There is a lot of platform investment that is going on. We also see continued investment in Mexico by many of the US and European and Asian auto producers. We are seeing continued strength in China in the core automotive companies that we deal with. There’s still many fringe companies that are struggling. Western Europe still is very slow, not a lot of growth there. And Brazil, given the recession, it has been a difficult market and we’re seeing declines and projects being put on hold in Brazil. I think the other piece to the question is probably – you were thinking is – powertrain. We continue to see improvements in powertrain. We are winning more projects. We have increased commitments in powertrain over the last 12 to 18 months and we still see that as a good opportunity for us going forward. And that’s an area that we believe there will be ongoing investments and a place where we’ll be able to grow share. So that’s pretty much the color around auto.
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. Well, let me answer the last one first. We’re not seeing any impact in the beverage industry with the consolidations that are going on. We continue to have projects, particularly with some of the key brewing companies and have had some recent wins there. So we’re, obviously, watching that. But many times we’re a supplier to both sides of that activity. So we tend to be able to work that in the interim as opposed to when we’re not on one side or the other and they’re going to make some other decision. So that’s the characterization there. With respect to China…
Keith Nosbusch: But thank you for throwing that in. Price, I would say, it continues to be a topic in our conversations with customers. We haven’t seen a significant impact, other than China has become even more aggressive in pricing than we had seen previously. We are seeing that in some of the infrastructure projects and some of the SOEs that operate in some of the major industries. And we still expect pricing to be less than a point globally for us this year, probably a little lower than last year.
Keith Nosbusch: Basically, that means we end up having a stronger Q4 as a normal seasonal pattern. With respect to where we’re expecting this, we expect that the consumer and auto industries will be the best growth areas for us and that heavy industries, in particular oil and gas and mining, will be the weakest areas and that’s the way we would characterize it. And I would say not a meaningful difference from what we have been seeing up to this point in time for the year. So that part has stayed pretty consistent, but, yes, we are expecting some sequential growth, modest sequential growth in the second half.
Keith Nosbusch: First off, from the process standpoint, process was a little worse than we expected in the quarter. Oil and gas was what we expected, but the other heavy industries, particularly mining and metals, was a little worse and that’s what triggered the decline. We also believe that – your comment about Logix, two points to make. We do expect Logix to be a little bit below the A&S average, as Ted outlined earlier. Why that shift is occurring, it’s really because of the end markets performance, with the other areas within the A&S segment. I would say the opportunities to continue to see growth will be the expansion of our footprint in the OEM sector, mainly because of some of the new introductions of CompactLogix and the capabilities of integrated motion and safety in that platform. We believe that will allow us to create more opportunities in that space. And the other would be heavy industry. As the process starts coming back, we expect to see a better impact in the performance of our ControlLogix business in that sector. And then, as we continue to build out the high-performance architecture and The Connected Enterprise, we see that as great growth opportunities for our hardware platforms, of which Logix would be front and center there. 
Keith Nosbusch: For 2017, that’s a little early for us to be going there with all of you knowing the visibility we have. So we’ll give our 2017 guidance in the November call, but we do expect that process in fiscal year 2016 will be down in the mid-teens. So certainly not a recovery expected in this fiscal year.
Keith Nosbusch: No, I would say, at this point, our front log has remained relatively flat. What we are seeing is a few more quotation activity in some of those industries. And generally, at this point, we would attribute that to, ‘they have a little more time now,’ and so they’re starting to look at future potential projects and we’re involved in that either directly with the end user or sometimes with a system integrator or EPC. So we are seeing more of that activity, but we aren’t seeing the opportunities to convert into our front log at this point in time as of yet.
Keith Nosbusch: It kind of has a broad spectrum. It’s not one approach that every customer is taking. But we now have more than ten pilots and rollouts that are going on at key customers in multiple industries. We are doing it in mining and metals and automotive and tire, in food, home and personal care, diversified industrials, consumer, multi-industry companies, and quite candidly, in our own Rockwell Automation journey on The Connected Enterprise. So I would say, what we’re seeing customers doing, are starting to implement their journey of digitizing their enterprise. And they are willing to spend at this point on learning and creating value and demonstrating that value in a portion of their business. We have only one or two major, I’ll say, companies or multi-plant, multi-geography rollouts that are going on. But the majority of it is testing of the concepts, of the integration of IT and OT, that convergence, and how they can also be thinking about this from reducing – improving their asset utilization on the plant floor and they’re willing to spend money in that. And they’re also trying to think about how does this extend more broadly into their entire supply chain. And so, that is what we’re seeing at this point in time. And with the introduction of the high-performance architecture and the ability to do real-time integrated control and information, that is the foundation of where they are starting to do this. And it’s about conversations and dialogues across multi disciplines in their organization. So our meetings now are with the IT organizations, the senior leadership of companies as they’re trying to understand what their broader strategy should be and, of course, the automation teams where we’re traditionally focused. So it’s working with different parts of the organization, it’s delivering on business outcomes as opposed to simply the productivity from automation and that’s a characterization of where we’re at at this point in time. And it’s an area that we think will continue to develop over the next couple of years and we’ll see the pace of it increase down the road.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, that’s, obviously, the goal, but we don’t have that opportunity now. If you remember, at the investor meeting, our annual meeting, at Automation Fair, the best example of that is the Rockwell Automation journey story where we are able to quantify the benefits and we get a customer testimonial called us. But the reality is, this is still early. And in many cases, the customers are not anxious to demonstrate publicly the value that it has driven for them. But that is certainly our goal as we go forward and we think we’ll have some very significant examples and demonstrated outcomes that will be able to validate for other industries and other customers the benefits. And, obviously, that’s the goal. You hit it on the head. It’s about how can you take what we’re doing and translate it to the marketing front-end. And that’s why I mentioned the broad list of customers that we’re currently working with by industry because many of these are lighthouse accounts, lighthouse customers that are viewed as market leaders. And, therefore, when we can become more public with this, it will help us demonstrate to the rest of the industry and the rest of the customer base that there is value here.
Keith Nosbusch: This is timing for this time. I think our governance process is very clearly articulated here, in that the Board from time to time evaluates the combination or separate roles and they make that decision based upon the circumstances at the time. So this is consistent with our governance processes and generally consistent with how Rockwell Automation and Rockwell have done this in previous transitions. So nothing more to read into it.
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. So with that last comment, let me end the call on a personal note. As you know, we have great employees, great customers and great partners. That is what makes Rockwell Automation a special company. It has been an honor and a privilege to have been CEO for the past 12-plus years. I have met and interacted with many of you over that time and I’ve always appreciated your keen interest in our company. Your coverage, questions and comments have been insightful and have helped us better understand our investors’ perspectives.  I’d also like to think that we did our part to earn your confidence and trust and your investments. We have great shareowners who understand our business model and our focus on innovation, sustainable competitive differentiation, and long-term value creation. And for that, I have all of you to thank. Over the next two months, I look forward to meeting with you at the remaining investor events. It’s been a great run and we will have an even better future and Blake is the right person to lead that future. Thank you.
Ted Crandall: Yeah. You do have the numbers right. What we said, and I think this was back in November, is in a typical year we generally spend about $10 million on restructuring and we believe we will spend that this year. And I would say, through the first half, we’re on pace to do that. And we said we had an additional provision for an extra $10 million if we saw conditions deteriorating to an extent that we believe required some further restructuring actions. So that remains the case.
Ted Crandall: Well, we’ll see. If you remember correctly, looking back, oftentimes, we’ve taken some larger charges at the end of the year if we thought that was necessary to set us up for the expectations for the coming year. There’s no way to predict at this point whether that would be the case. But if it is, we’ve got the provision.
Ted Crandall: So I think, in the past, generally, when we talked about mix, it’s been about product businesses versus solutions and services. But within the Architecture & Software segment, our controller and software businesses have a pretty balanced exposure across heavy industry, auto and consumer that is pretty similar to the overall company average in terms of exposure. The balance of the Architecture & Software segment, and particularly our motion control, sensing and safety businesses, are much more auto and consumer-centric. So with the significant decline we’re seeing in heavy industry and with our process business down 18% year-over-year in Q2 and with auto and consumer showing modest growth, the bigger declines in the segment are coming in the controller and software businesses. So that is principally what’s causing that mix issue. And I would say, in that regard, look, there’s always going to be some normal variability in mix on a quarterly basis.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, I would say, it’s pretty typical for us for sales to build as we move through the quarter and that’s what we saw in Q2. So we didn’t see any weakening in March.
Ted Crandall: So, Jeff, we had a previous question on this that Keith answered. Our price realization through the first half has been pretty much as we expected. We haven’t seen any significant change in pricing dynamics as a consequence of currency. And I would say up to this point, we haven’t seen any significant change in pricing levels in oil and gas compared to where we were last year.
Ted Crandall: I think the easiest way to think about this might be, we expect some sequential growth in the second half of the year that’s reasonably in line with normal seasonal patterns for us.
Ted Crandall: So, Scott, we get point-of-sale data from most of our distributors. And for a very large portion of our distributors, we manage their inventory of our products electronically and do electronic replenishment. So we have pretty good visibility, maybe very good visibility of what’s in the channel, particularly in a market like North America. I would say, distributor inventories have been relatively stable. They have come down over the last 18 months, consistent with the drop in the volumes, but not in excess of that, and we haven’t seen any evidence of kind of overstocking.
Ted Crandall: So our outlook by vertical is at best a little bit fuzzy when we’re going out nine or even six months. I think now is – updating our guidance from January, we think mining and metals are going to be a little bit weaker than we expected back in January. As it relates to oil and gas, we were thinking down 20 in January. We still think that’s down 20 for the full year. But we now expect consumer-related industries to be a little bit better. So that’s why we’ve maintained the overall organic growth rate for the year.
Ted Crandall: And, Rick, as it relates to the 0.98, that’s below what we thought it would be in the quarter, but we were thinking of a number more like 1.03, 1.04, so it wasn’t too dramatically lower. 
Ted Crandall: Yeah. So all four of the major items I mentioned – the volume, the mix, the currency impact, the spend – all of those on a year-over-year basis were a little over a point. On the spend, our spending in Architecture & Software is up about 4% year-over-year in the quarter. Our comparisons will get easier in the second half on spend, so spending will not be up by that same percentage in the second half, but it’s up about 4% in the quarter. And again, that reflects kind of primarily continued investment in product development.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning and I want to echo the congratulations to Blake. And, Keith, quite a career. Congratulations. 
Nigel Coe: Okay. So just on the mix in A&S, and you called out controller and software. And I’m a little bit surprised because I think my understanding is that food and beverage and auto are very rich for controllers and software. I understand that process might be the reason for the software mix. Maybe just add some color there and why expect that to remain weak going through the back half of the year.
Nigel Coe: Of course. [indiscernible]. And then, maybe Ted as well, the way the quarter panned out, we’ve seen a lot of commentary in past quarters, not necessarily from Rockwell, but from other companies, about stable trends, but then a weakening in the last month, did you see any variability through the quarter? So maybe just add some color in terms of what you’re seeing as we go into April.
Scott Davis: Congrats, Keith. I remember, you took over, I think the stock was about $20. And I wasn’t smart enough to recommend it at the time, but, boy, it was a heck of a run that you had, I think. Blake, the stock would have to get to about $700 by the time you retire to equal your predecessor’s impact on the market. Good luck with that.
Scott Davis: No pressure at all. Good luck. Anyways, it’s been a great run, so congrats and good luck in your retirement. Guys, I want to talk a little bit about long order books. I know it’s hard and some of the other questions have touched on this bit. But if you think about your front log or your inquiries out, call it, 12-plus months on bigger projects where guys bring you in early, have you been – have you seen any inflection there at all, any encouragement at all, any folks that are now taking a look at the little pickup in commodity prices we’ve had and start to have a little bit more confidence to do stuff.
Scott Davis: Okay. Keith, I was just – before I pass it on, I wanted to share a story. I remember your first presentation to the Street back many years ago. You hadn’t traded in your engineering outfit for your CEO outfit yet and you showed up with pants that were about 3 inches too short. And I remember the guys looking at each other and saying, ‘God, we have to take up a collection and buy this guy some new suits.’ Looks can be deceiving. At first, we all thought you might have been a little bit of a nerd, but it was a great run. So congrats and I’ll pass it on.
