Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Stacey. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. As always, with me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the fourth quarter and the full year, plus his reflections on fiscal '11 and the year ahead. Then Ted will provide more details around the fourth quarter and full year results and our guidance for fiscal 2012. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks.  We expect the call today to take about an hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Ted. Before we start the Q&A, I just would like to remind you that we do want to get to as many of you as possible, so if you could limit your question to just one question and a follow-up and then get back in the queue if you have a question on another topic. So Stacey, let's open the lines and take the first question.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. So we're going to wrap up then. So thank you to everyone who joined us today. We all look forward to seeing you next week. Keith in the beginning mentioned that we have a full house, but we will accommodate all. So if anyone else wants to come to Chicago next week and join us for the investor conference, just give us a call or let me know or call Nancy and we'll add you to the list. We will be webcasting that event as well and so you'll have an opportunity to obviously dial in, and it will be a video webcast. So thanks again. And operator, I think you can disconnect the call.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No. I think that the strength was broad based, but the uniqueness of Q4 in our solutions business was, generally speaking, at the end of a month, the end of a quarter, there's not necessarily total certainty on which projects will clear and which ones will clear based upon witness testing, based upon customer requirements, based upon shipping and the ability to recognize revenue. And so we normally expect, I'll just say some discount from what would be in the plan. And this quarter was one of those that is just unique about the fact that everything cleared. And so not only didn't we have the discount, but we have the over performance that went away, and I think it's just an example of the variability that happens, certainly, in our solutions business. And I think there's good and bad news here. The good news is it was a great quarter. And certainly, we also had a very strong quarter of orders. So the book to bill was just under one. And normally in our fourth quarter, it's a lower number because we always outperform shipments versus orders. But we had very strong orders months, so we're pleased with that in addition to the great sales. The bad news part of it is, we probably created a gap in Q1 because of that strong shipment that normally would have flowed into Q1. We now have that as a gap, but we don't see any problem in the full year because of the strong orders. But we aren't going to probably be able to fill that gap completely in Q1. So a lot of positives there, but certainly, we'll create a short-term gap. But no specific industry, no specific geography, just very, very good execution by our entire team on a projects business that is inherently lumpy and uneven.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, we normally have seasonality in the solutions business in Q4. So that's typical, quite frankly, I would say this amount of it was untypical, and I would also say we're not conservative in our outlook.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, with respect to A&S, in general, our products business including A&S had performed better than our expectations in Q4. So we had year-over-year growth, as well as sequential growth in our products businesses. So certainly not as strong as the solutions, but continued positive momentum there. With respect to how is it performing now and what are we seeing with respect to our customers' cautions, through October, we have not seen a change in our customers' buying behaviors. I think most of the -- so at this point in time, we're not seeing that. What we are getting a question about is as they are planning for 2012, and how are they going to set their capital spending for the new year? They're becoming a little more cautious in what they're seeing in the environment. And therefore, as you know, uncertainty is not the friend of investment. And certainly, one can say at a minimum, we've had some uncertainty and at a maximum, it's been quite chaotic in the evolution of the macroeconomic environment. So I think it's more of an expectation that we're feeling as we go into the new year and budgets get reset, as opposed to anything we're seeing at this point in time reflected in our order patterns.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Jeff, I would say that the pricing we said we would implement. We did implement. I would say it is going pretty much as we expected. And the thing I would remind you is, a lot of our customers are under annual contracts. So the effect of that price increase we put in either in August or September, depending on the region of the world, the effect of that will kind of rollout over the course of the next 12 months.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean, you hit the one area where we have probably the greatest concern and I would say the greatest uncertainty. Europe, it's hard to speak in Europe as one. Certainly, at a minimum, there's a divide between North and South Europe. And South Europe, for the last half of the year, was performing weaker than the North. And when I say the North, I mean Germany, the Scandinavian countries in particular. So we are seeing a difference within, I'll just say, Western Europe. And the outlook there is, certainly, are slowing in particular. We know that European OEM machine makers will have a slower growth than they did in 2011. Some of the industry organizations have forecast that indicate there'll be a slowing from very high levels to, I'll say, a lower growth rate, but still growth. And we certainly know, talking to our OEMs, that while they are running at very high levels and they're certainly coming up to their capacity heads, they feel good about the next quarter. But I think as we roll into calendar 2012, they have less visibility. And as I said, those industry statistics indicate that it'll be slowing. Some people say Europe's going to be in a recession. I think we're certainly on the edge. If you look at some of the recent PMI information, some of the industrial production, it's certainly slowing. And how they work their way through the debt crisis I think will tell us which side of zero do they fall on. And at this point, I think it's just a tough call. We like our position in Europe. We think we have growing share there this past year as evidenced by the very strong growth we had year-over-year. Obviously, it's not our most -- it's not the best position given our strongest global competitor, that is their home country. But we like our position. We like our differentiation with our integrated architecture and our intelligent motor control. And as we are growing our solutions and services capabilities, these are all opportunities for us to grow share in an area where we are definitely not the leaders. So we like our position. We like our differentiation. And as I mentioned earlier, that team there is functioning really well, executing the priorities and winning in the areas that we've targeted for growth.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Certainly, John. Well, we had talked about that China would be a top-up in Q4 given the -- I think, we had 40% growth of Q4 last year. So actually, we're very pleased with the 10% growth in China that we had this quarter. But we do see the moderation. I think there's the second and third tier companies and some of the credit capabilities that are going on there create a natural slowing and breaking effect. And obviously, as you well know, they have some inflation issues that they're trying to manage as well. But next year, we expect China to grow in the mid- to high-teens, which we think has continued very grew good growth given the growth we've had the last couple of years, and that is a continued outlook of good opportunities in both the OEM sector, as well as the consumer industries continue to grow in China. That will be helpful. I would say that we had good orders growth in Q4. And once again, from our perspective, I would say it appears at this point in time anyway that China will have managed with a soft landing through another one of the bubbles that seemed to always, not always, but have come about over the last couple of years. So we have a positive outlook for China at this point in time, and we expect to continue to not just grow but to take share, particularly as some of our newer products are introduced over the next fiscal year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, we think next year is going to be a good year from what we know today with respect to capital spending. We think Toyota, in particular, will grow their capital spending. Obviously, they had some challenges this past year that they had to address just from a recovery from a very significant disaster and the strong yen. And they certainly managed capital spending this next year or last year. And so we expect that to be increased. Also GM, as they continue to come back strong, we expect that they will continue to invest in new platforms. And certainly, Ford and Chrysler. I should say Ford was spending throughout the cycle, so we would expect Ford to be consistent. And Chrysler Fiat is also looking at increasing their cap spending on a year-over-year basis. So right now, we believe that we'll see slightly more automotive spending in our next fiscal year. And certainly, we think that we'll be able to achieve growth in that area given our historical strength and our continued working of that, in particular, in the emerging countries. And you've mentioned a couple of them, Brazil and China are very important in the automotive manufacturing vertical.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think, I mean the answer is not precisely, but I would say I think a very good way to think about it is basically all developed countries, so that would be Western Europe, the U.S., Canada, in general, although Canada with some of the strength in mining and oil is not totally true, but basically all of that spending is for either modernization, productivity or cost reduction. And certainly, the vast majority of spending in the emerging markets is for capacity expansion. And I think that's at a first order look, I think that's a fair characterization of how we think about it and how we believe the spending occurred. So just look at our sales in Latin America, in the majority of probably about 70% to 75% of Asia-Pacific, and probably about 20% in EMEA and view that as emerging countries and therefore, capacity expansion.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, certainly, in the process base, once again, in particular in the mature developed economies, the majority of the investments, if you're not talking about maybe some of the new oil shale or mining that is going on, the majority of it is replacement and modernization. And we do know that there is a large percentage, a large dollar amount, tens of billions that is basically legacy and old process systems that are at end of life. And that is one of the areas that we have targeted for our process growth, simply because a lot of those systems are no longer replaceable, if you will. There's not a migration because they are old systems that are no longer supported. And we see that as the opportunity for us to be able to demonstrate the value of plant-wide optimization. And in particular, after 20 to 30 years, where DCS systems were the only way to solve and to support that customer, today, a Logix Control architecture is very compatible with the application and the functionality requirements. So once again, it demonstrates the value of plant-wide optimization and customers are making those choices. Process in the fourth quarter, for us, was the highest growth for the year. It grew at 25%, and we believe that process in fiscal '12 will grow above the company average and in the teens. So we see process as a continued opportunity for us to grow share. I mean, we aren't the market share leader there, so I don't want people to get the wrong impression. We're probably fifth, fourth, fifth, depending on how you define the market. But I would say, we're continuing to be able to grow share and we would expect that to continue as the evolution of PlantPAx, and we get a little more traction with the recent release of 2.0 and then certainly, as we continue to grow our expertise in that different applications. So we see process as an ongoing growth opportunity for Rockwell.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean that's a hard one to answer because it's all dependent upon the fickle consumer. But if you read -- most of the studies and statistics now say that the age of the fleet is at its highest level, I'm not sure if ever, but certainly recently, it's at the highest level. Which means basically that the automotive companies are expecting a tailwind from the replacement cycle. And I think that bodes well if we can see the amount of units being sold continue to grow a little bit year-after-year, I think that will give them the confidence and the dollars to continue to reinvest. So I think it really boils down to the success in the market and the ability to bring the consumer back into the game. And obviously, what we've been talking about now for at least the last year is that, while this has been a manufacturing-led recovery, the consumer is still struggling, whether it's high unemployment, consumer confidence, the continued reducing their debt burden, deleveraging. All of that is somewhat of a phenomenon, but we do believe the opportunities for continued growth in automotive investment bodes well certainly for the short term. And as I said longer term, it really boils down to success in the marketplace that each one of the companies have.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, for us, as we have said many times, consumer isn't one that grows dramatically or, quite frankly, contracts dramatically. So I would say we've continued to see reasonable growth in the food and beverage sector. We do see some of the shifting in spending in consumer to some of the growth markets. Certainly, the emerging markets is where that is I think best seen in our business at this point in time as they follow where consumer spending and the growth of disposable income is growing most rapidly. And we'd also see that the home and personal care products also continue to see, for us anyways and for the industry, solid growth. Life sciences I think continues to struggle a little as the companies continue to deal with some of the change in the industry and the impact that has on their P&Ls and balance sheets. But we have seen expansion in some of the emerging markets in the life sciences sector, and we would expect that to continue as well. So our outlook next year is that it'll be a growth, but it will probably be growth below the company average.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. We just touched base a little bit with the conversation we had on auto. Certainly, strength in auto and tire and the broader -- so therefore, the broader transportation industries was good. Also, heavy industries, which goes back to your comment about solutions. We believe that we had good growth in our process business, which is more concentrated in the heavy industries. And then also, food and beverage and home and personal care was good growth in the U.S. for us this past quarter. So I think that's a little bit of a flavor there.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I don't think there was anything unusual. I mean the verticals that have been performing continue to -- mining are strong, oil and gas, picking back up. So I don't think we saw anything unusual. Really, we had good growth as I said earlier. Process growth was good for us. It really was more about, I would say, the execution of the projects in-house more than any unique industry or order phenomenon that was going on. So I would just say it's a lumpy business, and this one was on the positive side of the trend line.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. That's a good question because in our second quarter we talked a lot about Japan and what the impact was there. We certainly are monitoring the situation in Thailand very carefully. We do source a limited number of electrical or electronic components from the area. The good news is we understand the drill and our sourcing team was on it immediately. And we have begun implementing appropriate risk mitigation and securing safety stocks and finding alternate suppliers. And really, at this point, we do not expect any major impact to our supply chain, certainly, not in the short term. Once again, depending on how dramatic the impact is, it's something that could impact us later in our fiscal year, in particular, start of the new calendar year. But in the short term, we think we're adequately protected and our team is really, really working hard to help us mitigate any impact that may come from that.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean I'll touch on it, although I think you just went through a pretty good explanation of most of the difference, Julian. I mean, I think the 2 things I would point out in a comparison of Q4 versus Q2 margin performance would be: one, it's just the absolute volume and the leverage that, that brought along with it; and two is, we did have a little bit better price performance Q4 versus Q2, and a little less inflation impact Q4 versus Q2.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. And I think we've talked before about commodity price inflation and the things that affected us in larger ways last year were copper prices, silver prices and particularly rare earth materials in one very unique slice of our business. Obviously, some of those prices have moderated since Q2, although I think year-over-year, we will still see a headwind from inflation related to all of those. In part, that's why we put through the price increase that we put through was to help get back closer to parity given the increases we were seeing in those areas.
Theodore D. Crandall: I would say there's nothing we can discern that would cause us to believe there's any significant impact as a consequence of that, although I would also say if there's going to be an impact, we'd expect to see in this quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I guess the first thing I would say is our expectation for conversion margin next year, and if there is a little bit across the range, but generally it's kind of low-30s%. And so we think that would be a very good performance given the range of growth we're talking about for next year. I think you hit on a lot of what the puts and takes are in the conversion margin for next year. I mean, obviously, it's volume leverage. When you take the net of price inflation and productivity, we're hoping that, that's neutral or maybe a little bit positive. And we've got the benefit of the reset on the incentive compensation. But offsetting that is some of the carryover effect of fiscal '11 increased spending, and then also our expectation that we will continue to invest next year if indeed we're seeing the sales growth that we expect.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. Absolutely. I don't want to put a number on it. I mean what we're planning for investment spending now is just kind of appropriate ramping up spending as we see the volume increases.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean the reset on incentive comp is about equal to the same reset we had last year, which is approximately $50 million.
Theodore D. Crandall: I would have said we exceeded our expectation in Q4 if you think about the guidance we provided in the last earnings call by about $60 million to $70 million. Okay. I would think whatever shortfall has been created now in our solutions business in Q1 is a consequence of the outstanding execution is somewhat less than that.
Theodore D. Crandall: We don't. We don't think there was any impact on the quarter as a whole as a consequence of the price increases.
