Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, so let me take the A&S question first. So A&S margins were up about 2 points sequentially. Even though reported sales were down slightly, there was positive organic growth, and that had some attractive conversion. We also had somewhat better mix sequentially. We've talked about the unfavorable mix in Q2. And the incentive comp that I mentioned also favorably impacted margins sequentially a bit. So I mean, that kind of explains the A&S margin performance in the quarter. As it relates to incrementals in Q4, especially when you get small sales changes and negative changes, the incrementals start to get a little funky. But basically, I would say if you think about the sequential performance from Q3 to Q4 that we're going to get a little bit -- at mid-point, a little bit of organic volume growth. And that's going to be offset largely by unfavorable mix.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think, at the mid-point, basically, what we're expecting is products to be kind of flat quarter-to-quarter, and then we're expecting kind of a normal seasonal plop in the Solutions business. But clearly, last Q4 was a much larger-than-normal increase. We're not expecting to see that same kind of increase this Q4.
Theodore D. Crandall: When you say visible, I mean, well, when you say invisible, I mean, think about -- whatever we're going to do in Q4 in Solutions is pretty much in the backlog at the end of Q3.
Theodore D. Crandall: I mean, price was positive in the quarter. And I would say, year-to-date, we're pretty much on track to hit our expectations of about 1 point. Cost is probably running a little bit favorable year-to-date, and I would say increasingly favorable as we proceed through the year. Now some of that we expected at the beginning of the year. And it really reflects just some easing of commodity costs. I would say price cost performance in total is probably about neutral for us against the guidance that we talked about last quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think the easiest answer is yes. I mean, we're about, I think through the end of June, we're about 2.3 million shares repurchased. And I'd say we're on track to hit the 3 million that we talked about last quarter.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I don't believe there's any one common theme there. If you look at what is happening, it's a little bit more regional in nature. In the U.S., we are seeing some project, I'll say, really front-log pushouts, particularly in paper and metals. The ongoing small project business is good in the U.S. So little different there in the fact that it's really the front-log pushout that we're seeing. Probably where the most significant changes are occurring, and all of this is based upon our expectations where, in particular, in Asia, we were expecting to see some acceleration of projects in the second half of the year, and that's not occurring. And so we're seeing both backlog and front-log pushouts in projects in Asia. We associate a lot of that with just the market conditions, the macroeconomic conditions, mainly in China and India, and the liquidity issues in both of those countries as well. And it just, in particular, in China -- we weren't expecting anything in India. But in China, we thought we would see that acceleration, and in fact, we have not. So from our expectation, it's been lower, even though we had growth in China. In Latin America, probably the biggest impact is what we're seeing in Brazil, and that's not so much -- in Latin America, it's not so much in the large projects such as the oil and gas and the mining projects, which tend to be very long-term investments, and those don't really move much at the end of the day. It's more in the shorter-term projects, particularly, in Brazil, where they're struggling with both the high interest rates and also the real currency that is making some of their exporting manufacturing less competitive. So that tends to be a little bit of color around what we're seeing in the project delays as we go forward here.
Keith D. Nosbusch: It's hard to say what's tangible there. But I think as all of us know, the uncertainty that is existing at this point in time with what will occur at the end of the year or the start of the year, particularly in the U.S., doesn't create a lot of confidence for investment. And as I said, I don't think we have anything tangible, but we do hear that, that uncertainty is causing a little more cautiousness in their outlook and therefore, in their spending patterns and commitment patterns. So I think it is having at least some psychological impact at this point in time. And as people start preparing for the end of the year or the start of the year, it will be weighing on their investment decisions.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, we talked about a different mix between last quarter and this quarter, which improved some of the margins. And that was really some less growth in our motion business, which is related more to some of the OEMs and, in particular, some of the OEMs in Europe, which are slowing, and likewise, associated with OEMs, some of our safety component businesses slowed for that same reason. They're very tightly connected together at the OEM segments. So that was the mix comment that I think Ted referred to in his commentary.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, I think, from our perspective, at least, in Q4, we would expect to see a reasonable, consistent mix. And I guess you're referring to just A&S. But we do expect Logix to probably grow above the average in the segment, because we believe motion will still be a little slower, particularly with what we're seeing with respect to the German OEM machinery export expectations and what is going on in Italy. So I think, we're expecting to see probably a similar mix content in Q4 that we saw in Q3 for A&S. If we take it at a macro level, we're obviously expecting -- a company level, we're obviously expecting Solutions to be a higher content in our Q4 and, as Ted mentioned, that the predominant growth in the quarter will come from Solutions businesses that are already in backlog.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, in the U.S., in particular, and U.S. -- well, in North America, in particular, we have very good visibility in the channel behaviors, and we're not seeing any deviation in what we would expect for the normal volume levels that are occurring. And we continue to see appropriate both levels and behavior in the channel.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, Logix growth in the quarter was -- organic growth was 3%, about the same as A&S organic growth with -- but for the full year, we would expect to see high-single-digit growth from Logix.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, first, we are operating the business in a manner that's consistent with the guidance, which is basically that we're entering a slower growth environment. So we -- and with the limited visibility, as you said, but given the current trends, we do have all of our businesses and functions looking at what type of contingency plans they can put in place in the event that market conditions get worse. But at this point, we're still operating the business, as we're moving into a slower growth period. And we still want to make the prudent decisions based upon balancing financial performance with longer-term growth opportunities. So at this point, we're making sure that we're doing our -- what's prudent, which is to look at the opportunities, and we really want to watch what is going on in Q4 here to get a better picture of what to anticipate in fiscal year '13.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No. I mean, obviously, we slowed spending, just like the growth rates. And quite candidly, that's part of the reasons why we've been able to have a reasonable margin performance this year, even with the decline in revenue, I should say, the reduction in revenue growth. So yes, we are slowing our spending and we're not spending at the level we had in the plan currently.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, in Europe, we're -- actually, we're very pleased with the organic growth. I mean, it's 3%. But the fact that we're still growing in a very, very tough environment is very encouraging for us, and we're very pleased with the team's work there to make this happen. We are seeing the slowdown in Western Europe. Some of the countries are seeing a much more difficult environment. As you would expect, Southern Europe is -- it's tougher than it was in the earlier part of the year. But we are seeing the growth in emerging Europe, and we see projects continuing to be moving forward. There's not really a slowdown with respect to -- particularly, oil and gas has been very strong. And also, some of the metals markets in the Middle East continue to be strong. And once again, these are generally large projects that don't get moved simply because of a short-term issue. They tend to be longer-term, decade-type investments, and they tend to continue to move forward. And we haven't seen any delay in that. In Europe, the delay is -- more of it has been in what I would call some of the consumer industries. Auto, as all of you know, is struggling more in Europe with the overcapacity. You've seen recent print -- recent articles about the taking offline of some of their capacity. And so we're seeing a little bit of a slowdown there. But Europe, in automotive, is probably not as strong for us as any other region in the world. So it's probably less of an impact to us. But along that line, tire goes pretty close with automotive, and we're seeing slowdowns there, which does impact some of the OEM activity in Europe. And then food and beverage, the consumer products areas are also starting to see more slowdown and pushout of projects. So that's kind of what we're seeing in the European front.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, first of all, as I'm sure you've been thinking and understand is none of these ever are the same, so. But certainly for us, this feels more like a pause and a slowing of growth as opposed to a fundamental downturn at this point in time. And so, obviously, the most recent memory that we have is-- back in '08. And I think there's some meaningful differences than what we saw at that point in time. For example, back in '08, we had, at least in the U.S., we had 2 major car companies on the verge of bankruptcy. We had a very strong bubble in the housing sector, and we were getting close to but not yet in the financial crisis that occurred later in the fall. And at this point -- and today, we don't see any of those. And more importantly, most companies' balance sheets are very strong. So they have an ability to, I think, easier ride through a slowdown and yet continue to spend in the appropriate areas that make sense. So we really aren't, at this point, seeing similarities to '08 other than what we talked about a little earlier, which is there are some project delays. And while a lot of that is normal, we did see a little push-up of that, a push-up of that in our third quarter. But certainly, given the macro and political environment, at this point, we just feel that that's just a normal course of action that we would expect companies to be taking. So we're obviously very focused on Q4 and to get a better read of what's occurring, and that's one of the reasons we want to be careful with our spending at this point in time. But we're still expecting growth, and we are expecting that the cycle will continue, although we don't know the shape of it at this point in time.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, there wasn't really a meaningful change. We had a very strong margin, as you remember, from the last call. And so April was a little weaker because of that. But the business progressed at an increasing rate through the quarter. Unfortunately, not at the rate we had anticipated at the last call. So we saw a continued growth through June. And certainly, what we're seeing in July is consistent with what we've outlined in the guidance. So really, no fundamental change other than the slowing of growth, particularly in some of the key emerging markets that we did anticipate. We talked about China accelerating. We're not seeing anything unique in India that we didn't expect. But China, not as fast a growth in recovery. And Brazil in a worse situation than we would have -- than we certainly had anticipated in the previous quarters. So other than those nuance -- not nuances, those areas, in general, just the slowing and just the rate of increase was different than we anticipated at the start of the quarter.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, I think, it's more of a -- I think, partially -- not partially, it is definitely the OEMs where our success is and why we believe we're outperforming. And that's -- and it's not so much because of the currency. Those types of -- that doesn't cause a reaction as quick in the marketplace as just the change of the rates in 1 quarter. There is a selling cycle. There is a build cycle that has to come into play and an order cycle that comes into that as well. So we wouldn't see that quick of a reaction. We believe that the performance in Europe is really because of what we've done in the last couple of years, to build and to focus on OEMs. And in particular, the success we see is driven less by the currency and more by the strength of exporting OEMs. And certainly, if you look at the performance of the machinery builders in Europe, the domestic market is very weak, and what has been supporting it in the last couple of quarters -- supporting the industry in the last couple of quarters has been exporting. And exporting to the U.S. and exporting to Latin America with a somewhat of a decline in the exports. Asia, particularly China, and the domestic market has weakened. So it's played to our strength, and more importantly, played to the areas that we focused on in the last couple of years. And we believe that's been one of the areas that we've been able to create share gain and one of the reasons why we've been able to continue to grow in a very, very difficult economy there.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, quite candidly, I don't think you should expect any difference. We definitely understand the need to respond to the short-term environment that we're operating in. On the other hand, we also understand that, as a technology company, we need to continue to make investments, particularly in our core platforms and in our customer-facing resources. And while we may not add there, we certainly want to maintain at a very meaningful level the investments that we're making, particularly in emerging markets, where we have to continue to build our capabilities and, certainly, in the core technologies that our customers are counting on. But more importantly, that's what gives us the competitive differentiation. And quite frankly, it's one of the reasons we came out of the last downturn as strong as we did. So we want to make sure we continue to maintain the proper investment levels and deal with the current economic situation appropriately, but not at the expense of prolonging the recovery and the benefits of new products and new customers in the upturn. And quite frankly, we never experienced the speed and depth of the decline that we saw in 2009. So the decrementals that you talked about were probably much higher than, I guess, I would call normal, although, as I said earlier to one of the questions, I don't know if there is a normal anymore. But we certainly are not expecting, anticipating or even thinking that we're in that type of a situation current.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, we believe that organically, we'll be above -- at least, with our -- what's baked into the forecast and the guidance we just gave you, we would expect to be slightly over $1 billion in Logix for the fiscal year. So we're still there on an organic basis, and we're growing that business at the rates, and in some of the markets, where we can get information, we believe we're outperforming the underlying markets. And that certainly is something that we pay very close attention to. As you know, we've introduced a number of new products this year. It's still very early in those introductions, but we're very pleased with the expansion of the platform and certainly look for that to be a help not just in the fourth quarter, but certainly as we go into fiscal '13. So that's part of the investments I talked about earlier that are important that we continue to make.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, I think the competitive environment stays pretty much the same. And we think with the ongoing investments that we expect to continue to stay ahead of any of our competitors. And just to remind you, when I talk about the 3% this year, we had greater than 30% Logix growth in Q3 of last year. So it was a tough comp, but 3% is still not what we expected, quite frankly, or what we plan for, even in a tough comp environment. But it was very, very difficult on a quarter-over-quarter basis.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, we don't have a specific breakdown in the book-to-bill on Process versus others. But we certainly, in general, see a continued growth in the process applications and areas that we work in. So we see it's a growth across the regions. And as I just said, the process continues to grow above the company average. And we're not seeing anything in the front log or the order trends that would indicate that, that process will not continue to be the higher rate of growth piece of our Solutions business.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think 2 -- I think, yes. And in addition to that, Solutions would be in Latin America. So it would be Latin America and emerging Asia, in particular, China, would be the 2 largest areas that would drive your Q2 to Q3 comment.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. In the quarter, the best-performing verticals, so best-performing would mean above Rockwell Automation average, would be automotive, oil and gas, metals and mining. If you look at the ones that would be about at our average, the verticals would be tire, life sciences. And if you look at the one that probably grew below the Rockwell average, it would have been the consumer industries on a global basis. As far as the outlook, we would expect transportation, in particular, auto, to continue to be a healthy grower. And we like the front log that we see in transportation and, particularly, automotive. And we see it across many regions with the exception of EMEA. The heavy industries there, we would expect to see some performance flattening. We think oil and gas will maintain the strength that it has. But as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing some forward sentiment in metals and mining that appears to be more cautious now than it was previously, although we don't see that as a big impact in Q4. And then the consumer is basically flat. We think the spending there is really focused in emerging markets and then process optimization in some of the mature markets. So that's a little bit of a feel for the forward-looking picture on our verticals.
Keith D. Nosbusch: It's a macro comment on China, not just the stimulus, but also on the work that they're doing to ease interest rates for lending. So we expect the liquidity situation to get better as well as the stimulus. And so I think as far where were the areas that we saw the softness, well, I think for the quarter, it was really in a couple of activities. And the most important was probably the stimulus did not ramp up or did not get executed as fast as we thought, particularly in some of the municipal projects, which tend to be the area they go to quickly to drive investment and improve spending. And the other area was simply the liquidity issue. Many small-, mid-sized customers, distributors, system integrators, it was tough for them to get money. And I think that is what caused some of the project delays that we referred to that impacted us in China. So it was the small- and mid-sized companies and then projects and a little bit associated with a slow implementation of the stimulus that got announced earlier in the year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, we certainly believe that automation outgrows the underlying market. And we don't believe that's any different in a slowing economy. Certainly, we believe there's more emphasis on productivity and cost reduction in a slowing economy than there, obviously, is in capacity expansion. And so we've been very successful in both the U.S. and Western Europe, 2 mature markets that require ongoing cost reductions, ongoing productivity improvements as well as ongoing regulatory compliance. So we think safety, we think compliance, we think cost reduction and productivity plays very well in a slowing economy. And certainly, we think emerging markets is where we will, again, see ongoing spending for capacity expansion and new investments and, I should say, new capacity, simply because of the ongoing expansion of the economy, as well as the growing middle-class and disposable income. And certainly, if you look at historical, the '06 to '08 period, we still grew at an average of 7.5%. So we -- I think we believe we can outgrow the market. And if it's a slower-growth environment, we still expect to be able to grow at a faster pace. And, quite candidly, that's, I think, one of the beauties of the automation market. It's an area and an industry that companies need what we do not just in good times, but in bad times as well. So we think we're very well positioned with the portfolio of our products solutions and services to be able to support customers across a business cycle.
