Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Wanda. I appreciate it. Good morning. Thank you everyone for joining us for Rockwell Automation's first quarter fiscal 2011 earnings release conference call. Our results were released this morning. The press release and charts have been posted to our Web site at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today, as always, are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer.  Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include his comments on our company’s performance in the first quarter and some outlook comments, and then Ted will provide more details around the fourth quarter results and our revised guidance for fiscal 2011. We’ll take questions at the end of Ted’s remarks and we want to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. We expect the call today to take about an hour, and as is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. But before I turn it over to Keith, I have to say that we have a pretty unique situation here at Rockwell. As you may or may not know, Keith is from Wisconsin, but Ted is from Pittsburgh and they both played college football, so football is definitely in their blood. So it's Packer nation against Steeler nation here at Rockwell until the Super Bowl. So we'll try not to get too distracted about that and sorry, Ted, but I think you're outnumbered. So with that, Keith I'll turn the call over to you.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: If anything on a sequential margin basis, we had maybe a point or so of benefit from lower performance-based compensation expense in Q1 versus Q4.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. I think we're out of time. We're going to have to wrap up today's call. Great questions today. So thanks everyone for joining us and go Packers. Operator, we're ready to disconnect.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, Bob. The large projects, just to clarify: Really, we continue to see large projects in Asia-Pacific and in Latin America. So there, we're continuing to see the opportunities and the conversion and converting of those large project business. The large projects though, in EMEA and the U.S., what we would call the mature markets, there we have seen a significant pick-up in activity, but not really a significant change in the placement of those orders at this point in time. So you're right in that we're expecting that to pick up in the second half of the year. That's certainly what our analysis has told us so far. As that plays out in the second half of the year, it's really timing now as to whether the majority of that revenue will come within this fiscal year or slide in to fiscal '12.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think there's a couple of things, Bob. One, automotive. There's no question that automotive, as a discrete industry, is a very significant utilizer of Logix, if you will. And so those projects, and we talked about that picking up in the second half of last year and strong into this year, that has been part of it. The other, I would say, two pieces of it is one, OEMs, and that's a global story. And certainly the other piece of that OEM story is the expansion of our portfolio to where we have more price-point products to be able to focus at a broader spectrum of the machine builders machines. And so we talked about it as CompactLogix, as you know. And so I would say the combination of strength at OEMs, a combination of our motion and safety capabilities within the Logix platform, and then the actual scalability of the Logix platform are all things that are expanding the business in addition to the process and the project activities. So I would say those are the three, four, five things that are creating it. But certainly, as you know, I mean, I have to make the comment, I don't think 38% is the ongoing rate of growth there. But it's just as evidence, I think, of the continued expansion of our served market and the execution of the strategy in that business.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, with our Process business, we continue to expand the capabilities in that platform. One of the things that you probably remember from our investor conference in Automation Fair is that we're introducing, and that will be this quarter, PlantPAx 2.0, which really helps us expand into a number of areas. And we certainly think that that's going to be an advantage for us and it will allow us to address some of the larger continuous process industries and we are on track for that release. With respect to industries and applications, certainly as we started the process, it was really closely linked to the batch hybrid areas, and now we find it evolving into the heavier industries. And certainly one of the reasons we made the acquisition of Hiprom is because of the ability to address more of the mining and metals processing areas. And so that's another add to our capabilities in emerging markets, where obviously natural resources are more important. And we had a very successful quarter in Asia, where our Process business was up 40% year-over-year. So I would say emerging markets is where we're seeing the biggest impact of our process capabilities at this point in time. There's a lot of green field there. And there's a lot of expansion in those heavy industries. So that pretty much is where we are seeing it at this point in time.
Keith Nosbusch: I think you answered it there. It is early to tell. I don't know if ever we're able to quantify it. We certainly believe though that anything that encourages investment is good for Rockwell Automation, but it's going to be hard to peel that piece of it out. And I think on the margin, it helps. And I think it's more beneficial to smaller and mid-sized companies that probably make more of their decision based upon that type of a benefit than large multinational corporations. But it's still early. I think we're seeing the conversations of improved outlooks and capital spending at customers, but to be able to make the call as to what's pushing that, that's still difficult.
Keith Nosbusch: In China, I think, it's multidimensional, John. One is, there's no question infrastructure spending, stimulus spending in China, helped us in our sales. Two, your specific question around consumer, there is no question that automotive is growing and I think you're probably seeing the commentary about China is now the largest automotive market. So we're obviously strong in automotive, and we work very well with Chinese customers, both JDs, as well as indigenous Chinese manufacturers, so I would say that's it. And then in Q1, food, beverage and home and personal care had a strong quarter as well. So I think we're seeing that evolution into the consumer industry. That's one of the reasons we've talked about our ability to be successful in China. But today, the predominance is still the heavy industry resource-based activities and there we do very well, infrastructure and a few others. So Water Wastewater is one of those. But the consumer is coming on, and we think that will drive the growth in China over the next five to seven years.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, our Solutions business, once again, we had a book-to-bill that was over one. We would expect that based upon the strong shipments that Ted talked about. We normally have a decline in revenue in our Solutions business, Q4 to Q1. But orders continue to be strong and quite frankly, that's one of the reasons that we were able to raise our guidance range in revenue that we were able to see that backlog that we have built. And I believe the backlog Solutions is up 20% year-over-year. So that's what's giving us the confidence in the ability to have a stronger second half in Solutions. And right now, as we get towards the end of this quarter, really we talk about having six months of backlog in Solutions business, but that's not shippable backlog. That converts about 60% two quarters out. So we'll need to get a little more in between now and March. But at that point in time, most of the added orders will flow into fiscal year '12 revenue. But we continue to see the Solutions business grow on a year-over-year basis.
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly in both the U.S. and Europe, we're seeing an uptick in the front log in our Solutions business and the activity, and we think that bodes well for later in the year and the first half of fiscal '12. I would say that's still where we're not seeing significant order increases from what we've been seeing previously. So I think the activity level is up, the front log is up and the large project solution placement we expect in the second half of this year.
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly in A&S, the growth markets would be automotive and OEM would be the top two and then below that would be basically the product flow into the Solutions project-type of activities, in particular into process industries and food and beverage types of applications, which are always more Logix-centric. But one and two would definitely be automotive and OEMs.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, certainly the quarter one was drawn throughout the quarter and obviously that's what made the comment about the end of the year performance. As we have move now into January, basically, we'll be seeing a typical January. And January always starts out slow. This one started out slow, but that's nothing that we didn't expect. Not all of that is simply because of the year-end pull-in, that's just basically everybody getting back from the holidays and budgets being reset and the normal pipeline time to get it back up into the cadence that they're going to use for the rest of the year. So we didn't see anything unusual up to this point in time. And we took all of that into consideration when we formulated our new higher level of guidance. So at this point, no surprises and no changes from what our expectations were as we exited last quarter and started this quarter.
Keith Nosbusch: I think with our guidance, for us to be able to get to the high-end of the guidance, we're expecting a pick-up in our Solutions business in the second half of the year. And I think it would be fair to say, Shan, what we need to see is some large projects hitting as orders pretty much in Q2 or maybe worst-case very early in Q3 in the mature markets. We need to see an uptick in order entry, in large project activity in mature markets in order for that to kind of impact our second half of year sales.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I mean, I think that's fair. $70 million was kind of the year-over-year carry-forward of the growth spending we started in the second half of last year. And in the guidance, particularly at the higher end, we are anticipating that we will continue to ramp that up, I don't think it would be large in comparison to the $70 million carry-over.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I guess what I would say is we never try to kind of look out and say we're going to get to peak margins in a certain year. But two things: First, I would say the margin recovery primarily based on top line recovery had been more quick that we expected in this economic cycle so far. And the other thing I would say is the notion of sustaining something in the order of 30% to 40% conversion margins on average through the, what I'd call the middle part of this growth cycle, I think, gives you some pretty good indication of when you would expect to see us back near peak margins.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we continually look at acquisitions. We believe that after investing in our organic growth in the business that acquisitions is the next priority for our capital allocation. And we have an active pipeline at this point in time. It's getting late in the year to see how many more will close, but we certainly are continuing to look at them. We see them as a viable way to accelerate organic growth. We think of it as catalytic in nature. And we look for ones that basically are bolt-on types of applications that either fill a technology gap, help broaden our domain expertise and allow us to be more global in both our product portfolio or our engineering deployment resources. So we do acquisitions as a key to utilization of our allocation and continue to buy opportunities on a real global basis. I mean one of the things that have helped us in emerging markets has been the ability to generate revenue growth and generate domain expertise via our acquisitions and build the critical mass faster in some of those countries and the recent Hiprom win certainly fits that category as well.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly if we're talking specifically about process, a lot of that flows through our Solutions business. Because in process, many times that industry has grown up with the automation supplier also being the integrator. So we are expanding our own resources to be able to address the process segment and we also continue to expand the system integrator solution provider market access model that allows us to address the industry as well. With respect to distribution, even in Europe and in the Middle East, we continue to look for opportunities to improve our capabilities, particularly with respect to safety and the ability to address the smaller and midsized OEMs with both our Logix platform and our intelligent motor control. So we have enhanced our distribution in certain countries. Europe is not monolithic. There's a different go-to-market access model in different countries, so there's really no one-size-fits-all or one approach and our team over there is putting together the distribution market access strategy that's required for the focus that we have in every country. Europe, being a more mature market, has a pretty defined approach for how they utilize distribution and so we're trying to make sure that we can fit into that model and do that country by country.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, quite frankly, that's the one industry that I'm very uncomfortable saying multiyear with. They are very capable of turning that off at any time and they more typically approach it model-year by model-year as opposed to -- we have a cast-in-stone five-year program, so there's no question that all of them are looking at expanding their capital spending. They all have projects on the books. But the reality is it boils down to the consumer and how they're seeing their sales evolve. Right now, it's an optimistic environment and we feel very good over this model year coming up, which would be model year '12 actually by the time the projects get instituted. So it's good in the short term. It sounds positive in the intermediate term, and the long term will really depend upon the winners and losers in the industry and the introduction of new models.
Keith Nosbusch: Well actually, I guess you could think of it as -- with the upward increase in the earnings guidance puts a little bit of pressure, generally upward pressure on tax rate. And that's being offset in part by that extension on the R&D tax credit.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. The overall processors were -- grew at, it was for Q1, it was 30% -- actually in total it was a little under 30% in total. And legacy sales were up 6% and total was basically, I guess, it's 32%, not a little under 30%, a little over 30%. So total processor sales were up 32%, legacy processors were up 6%. Now that is a phenomenon in legacy that we're expecting to turn during the year. I'm not exactly sure when, but if you remember, we had -- our long-term forecast on legacy is 8% to 10% decline per year. Last year, we grew mainly because of the MRO expansion and the continuation of existing machines. And this year, at the start, we're still seeing that growth in the legacy processors heavily driven by OEMs, but we do expect that to continue to decline and ultimately this year switch back to the negative model of 8% to 10% per year decline.
Keith Nosbusch: I mean, we'll have to get back to you on that. We haven't looked at it that way, Mark, to be candid. The one thing I do know is that project sales will be higher at that number. I'm not sure what the total is and then what the rest of the mix is on a comparison from the two years, but I do know Logix is going to be a higher number.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, Steve. Well, in the quarter, basically revenue in the Software business was consistent with what we talked about in the other parts of our business and it met our expectations, where we continue to develop the information software. We had some good orders in the month and in particular, we did see one of our pharmaceutical companies implement an enterprise global rollout of our suite portfolio. So that's one of the wins that we had talked about. That's a win in one of the areas that we talked about last year with respect to a pilot that was going on that now will become a global rollout. So we continue to make progress there in our pharmaceutical portfolio. We're also continuing to build out the automotive suite and we're engaged now in building the food and beverage and more consumer industries space. So right now we like where we're at and it continues to be, as you said, one of those longer-term opportunities for us that we keep executing on.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, you go where the expertise is. And obviously South Africa has a very strong mining industry and our intention is to utilize this hundred people to be a center of excellence for the mining industry and to evolve that globally. Because many times in the mining industry, the players are global. They're very large companies and we're going to try to be able to create the environment where we can work with them wherever they're located, wherever the mines are located and to utilize the resources that dramatically expand our capabilities in this industry to work globally. And there's no reason it can't be utilized in the U.S. I think mining actually will be a bigger play in Canada than it will be in the U.S. And certainly we're already looking at the ways that this can help expand a business that we are already good in Canada, but will allow us to take advantage of the expertise that comes in the mines and in South Africa as well. And the other aspect of this acquisition is they also are involved in mineral processing, not just mining. And so that moves us one step downstream or upstream, whichever way you view that world, but not more than just the extraction dimension of that industry and of that vertical. So that was another key aspect of what they brought us. And that processing part really is what is associated with our process industry. Mining historically is more of a motor control-types of applications, intelligent motor control. The processing of those minerals is what gets you into the process industry and we'll be able to use that, in particular in Latin America, Canada, Australia and also China and India.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think there's a couple of things going on. To answer your question specifically, I don't know the splits. But what I can do is give you a little color around what we see happening down there. If you take mining -- obviously there's been mines in Chile and Peru for many years. So a portion of this is replacement. But I would say a higher percentage is new capacity coming on stream and the key is the commodity prices and the continued appetite for these resources globally, which is really being driven by the expansion of the economies in emerging markets. So, yes, we do see this continuing, but it's really dependent upon the utilization in the other industries, particularly China, India, as time goes on. But we see that as a real driver in this space. If you look at other dimensions of what's going on in Latin America, oil and gas is very strong. Historically, it was very strong in Venezuela. It continues to be positive there, but I think everyone understands what's happened with capacity there and the evolution of that industry. But it's picking up in Brazil. Brazil is more than making up. You're hearing all the time about deepwater finds in Brazil. They probably have some of the most sophisticated deepwater talents in engineering in the world, quite frankly, today. Colombia continues to expand in gas in particular. So we see oil and gas as another layer on top of what's going on in the traditional mining industries. And in Brazil, in mining obviously, you have one of the world's leaders in Bally, so a true global company and a true globally competitive company with great technology and great productivity. And then I would say the area that is now growing is the growing middle class of Latin America and the fact that they've had, to your point, a number of years of stability. There's been more investment. There's been more wealth creation. There's been more of the security of investment, less inflation, although in some cases reasonably high, but much less than it used to be. So it's stable politically, stable economically and the middle class is building and that's what's driving automotive investment, food investment and the diversity of the industry there. So I think it's a combination of things across Latin America and really is an area that we have had and we'll continue to have success with our capabilities.
Theodore Crandall: Yes, Bob, I'll be frank. I mean, we're trying to get away from talking about a specific number for incremental spending, but our guidance does reflect some increased spending as sales continue to improve. And that would just be kind of a normal amount we would continue to layer on to ensure that we're investing appropriately for future growth.
Theodore Crandall: Well, I mean, there are a bunch of factors in the quarter. So the transactions ball parked probably about $0.06 or $0.07. That was somewhat offset by lower incentive compensation expense in the quarter and the ramp-up of gross spending last year probing the quarter, between the gross spending comp and the temp action, it's about five points of margin impact, negative margin impact in the quarter year-over-year.
Theodore Crandall: Well, around the temp actions, basically no incremental step up. We will have a normal merit increase, salary and wage increase that will be effective basically at the beginning of Q2. So there will be some step up there. And then in growth spending, we're continuing to increment growth spending, but nowhere near at the kind of rate we did in the second half of last year.
Theodore Crandall: I think we talked about this a little bit last quarter. I mean to say that we try to manage incrementals to that 30% to 40% range we have talked about probably gives us a little more credit to our ability to truly manage, especially on a quarter-to-quarter basis, then it's plausible. Basically we think that 30% to 40% incremental range in total across the company is the right balance of kind of delivering current period earnings, but also ensuring we've got the right level of investment to kind of continue to maximize organic growth in the latter part of this year and going forward. So we are managing to those levels, but I'd say not on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
Theodore Crandall: And we're just looking for a continuation of the large projects that we're currently seeing in Latin America and Asia Pacific throughout the remainder of the year. Based on what we're seeing in the front log in the mature markets and based on our most recent debriefing of sales organization, we think that it's a reasonable possibility and that's why it's reflected in the high-end of our guidance.
