Scott Davis: Good morning guys and Ted, we’re going to miss you but I must say on behalf of shareholders, we’re happy you’re not retiring and at least Rockwell’s not losing you altogether. So thankfully you’re staying on board so best of luck to you. It’s been a pleasure.
Scott Davis: Okay. And just Ted, you commented on spending will go up as Rockwell going through a – compensation, accruals and stuff like that. But what explicitly do you feel like you need to spend money on? Is it few capacity on your own? Have you been under-investing at all, just give us a little color on that.
Scott Davis: Okay. I’ll pass it on. you guys have done a great job and it’s been a pleasure, so good luck to you Ted.
Blake Moret: I think it’s primarily around increased productivity and as we’ve seen a lot of people implement the first waves of productivity in terms of just basic automation replacing hardwire control, the next wave in many cases involves the integration of that basic control and information. So taking advantage of the basic data that’s part of their production processes and integrating the information software and the analytics so that operators could make better decisions about the manufacturing processes.
Blake Moret: Yeah, the progress is still relatively slow and of course, customers are in different stages in their journey as they begin to adopt some of our new solutions. But it starts with having the foundation placed with smart products. And so we do think that customers are getting that message as they know they have to have the data at the foundation of their manufacturing process to be able to do something with it. The pilot projects that we’ve been running, I think have become a little more formalized over the last few months, we’re getting better at it. Our customers are understanding the process and so we have a large number of engagements that are just moving through the pipeline and we’re happy with that progress and some of the increased spending is going to acceleration of those activities.
Blake Moret: The sentiment in heavy industries in general is a little bit more positive but when that’s actually going to turn into orders and shipments, these are longer term projects. Oil and gas continued strong in Latin America but for the rest of the world, we’re still not seeing that manifest itself in sharply increased orders.
Blake Moret: So I think that’s a fair assumption that as U.S. manufacturers increase or as manufacturers increase their U.S. footprint, it’s going to be done with a higher relative content of advanced manufacturing. And that’s great for us. We have of course a very large market share particularly in that industry and so anything that encourages increased manufacturing in the U.S. is a good thing for Rockwell automation given our footprint. And that impact on sales is something that has us very optimistic and talking to customers about what additionally we can do to help them as they make those decisions to increase their footprint here in the country.
Blake Moret: I think it depends on a lot of factors of course and in terms of when that plays out for us, timing is a big issue, but if you look at some of the numbers that were published for instance with the recent board plan and you can look at the labor differences between what they were going to employ outside of the U.S. versus their expectations for new jobs in the U.S., you can’t apply that linearly to the increased dollar count for Rockwell, but it gives you some idea of an order of magnitude.
Blake Moret: So if we look at the information solutions then we’re seeing double digit growth in that area. So this is the MES solutions, this is the modular software, this is where our new analytic offerings would be. And so, that’s part of the information solutions and connected services which we’re expecting double digit growth in.
Blake Moret: I think a lot of the early conversations are around discrete manufacturing or batch so again, it’s right in our wheelhouse in consumer and transportation. And there’s some obvious things that we can do to help those manufacturers ensure that they have the labor that’s ready to address the advance manufacturing technology, that’s a big issue for manufacturers particularly if they deferred those investments in automation for some time. So we’re well positioned to be able to offer to enable that workforce and then when they need additional sources of labor to augment their own existing workforce, then we have a lot of solutions there. And so we’re actively engaged with those manufacturers to be able to put specific new proposals in place on top of what we already offer them.
Blake Moret: So for EMEA overall, the orders were actually up, they were up year-over-year and sequentially and we do expect the result for the full year to be growth in EMEA.
Blake Moret: I have not heard specifically that people are waiting to ‘18 but I do believe as we are before we make specific changes in any plants, we want to see what actual changes to various elements of tax code or rather incentives might be. So I think that is a fair characterization.
Ted Crandall: Scott, I think too in this quarter from a vertical perspective, the acceleration we saw was largely in consumer and transportation.
Ted Crandall: Yeah I mean I think the spending is more. It’s not so much about capacity and supply chain. The spending is going to be more about R&D and commercial expenses and very much targeted some of the new opportunities we have related to connective enterprise.
Ted Crandall: And the first thing I would say is we mentioned that there were some pool-ins, we think there were some pool-ins of jobs we expected to hit later in the year, that was true in Asia generally, but particularly in China. I would say the vertical profile that we experienced most of last year which was strength particularly in consumer to a lesser extent in transportation and weakness in heavy industry, that continued but we had particularly strong quarter entire in China. Heavy industry was better although still weaker and I don’t think -- we do not expect China to be 15% growth for the full year. We still think for the full year an expectation of something in the mid-single digits is appropriate.
Ted Crandall: I’m not sure I know exactly how to quantify that, but my guess would be may be half of the growth in the quarter was kind of pool-ins and unique to Rockwell projects. And the other half was kind of underlying market.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so may be just to start with little context. We’re a U.S. based company, but we serve a global customer sect and our global supply chain has been constructed to serve those customers all around the world. Today, we are a net importer into the U.S., but I think it’s very important to note that we’ve got flexibility in our global supply chain and we believe we could make adjustments if there were changes in the tax law that made that appropriate.
Ted Crandall: Dan, I would say that the quarter played out in a pretty typical fashion which is it started a little bit slower and then picked up as we moved through the quarter. I would say may be the only unusual thing in the quarter was, a last couple of weeks in December were stronger than normal and it’s the reason that we think there might have been a little bit of budget flush particularly in North America. January has started off slowly as a typical January, but things have picked up a little bit as the month is going on.
Ted Crandall: So Nigel I’m not sure I know I don’t know that we know what caused the budget flush. We heard that comment from several of our distributors and we also observed that there was a little bit higher than normal order rate in those last couple of weeks in December, that’s why we’re speculating that there may have been some higher than normal budget flush. In terms of distributor inventories, particularly in North America, we have very good visibility on that and distributor inventories were up slightly from September.
Ted Crandall: I think it’s more about the latter. I mean basically we’ve got more currency headwind now, top-line and bottom-line as a consequence of what’s happened with exchange rate. There were also the higher spending in the latter half of the year, some of that is just a ketchup from under-spending in Q1, but we also believe we’re going to spend a little bit more in total for the year now consistent with higher organic growth. And then incentive comp will also be higher as a consequence of higher organic growth and higher EPS.
Ted Crandall: Shannon I also think when we debriefed our sales organization this quarter, we did hear kind of a more positive sentiment both from our own sales people and from the channel that would have been the case six months ago.
Ted Crandall: After the last two years, what we’ve experienced the last couple quarters is getting close to flat year-over-year, that feels pretty good actually. We do think there’s potential for some improvement as we move through this year, but for the full year, we still think it’s going to be close to flat.
Ted Crandall: The A&S business in Q1 was pretty similar to the balance of the company in Q1. It was strong growth.
Ted Crandall: You’re exactly right. I mean the year-over-year margin impact of incentive comp was pretty similar in the two segments, with almost 8% organic growth in A&S, it just got us swamped that impact.
Ted Crandall: Well, so couple of things, first Maverick will not lose money, so we’re not expecting in the first year for both purchase accounting and integration cost that we’ll get a significant profit contribution from those sales. On the CP&S core, I don’t think I would say this performance was significantly worse than historic results, but I would say if we’re going to have some margin pressure in this business compared to last year, I mean we had a particularly good margin performance last year, that included some higher margin project business that isn’t going to repeat this year. And as we progress through the year with downturns and heavy industry and the pressure, we’ve got some lower margin projects in the backlog they’re going to work their way out this year as a consequence of some more aggressive pricing. So we’re going to have some margin pressure in that business this year. I think that our full year margins will be a little bit lower than last year, but I don’t expect them to get worse as we proceed through the year compared to the first quarter.
Ted Crandall: See may be think about it this way, there’s probably about $10 million that we under-spent in Q1 that we’re going to catch up on now in the balance of the year and compared to our previous guidance, there’s another incremental $10 million that we now expect to spend.
Ted Crandall: Well I mean the larger projects pulled forward primarily occurred in Asia-Pacific, it was kind of a combination of cross vertical as it affected both transportation and heavy industry, semi-conductor was one of those. Look Steve, if I had to estimate, I would estimate that our organic growth in the first quarter between project pull forwards and potential budget flush, may be 1 point of the organic growth was related to that. And even if you take that out, this was still a better quarter than we expected.
Ted Crandall: Well I think there are two things you ought to think about, one is our normal merit increases occur basically effective January 1st across the company and so sequentially, there will be a step-up in spending probably about $10 million on a sequentially quarterly basis, it’s just a consequence of that merit increase. And then in addition to that, you’ll start to see us ramp what I would call more underlying spending and I think that will ramp as we proceed through the year, so probably a little lower in Q2 and a little bit higher in Q3 and Q4.
Ted Crandall: I think on sales, you’ll see some increase from Q1 but not a lot of sequential growth in Q2, Q3 then you ought to expect kind of a step-up in Q4 which is typical for us on a seasonal basis.
Ted Crandall: I think that’s fair. I mean I think Blake mentioned earlier, we’re hearing some better things about potential investment in heavy industry, but we’re not seeing it translate into orders yet.
Ted Crandall: The only thing I would remind you of is because there were no incentive compensation earned last year, there was no payout this year either in the first quarter or in the balance of the year. So, that’s going to contribute somewhat to a better conversion on the year. That’s probably the most important thing.
Ted Crandall: I think it’s fair to say that there’s a general optimism but front log is flat and it’s still early in the year. Our backlog overall is up a little bit and – positive signs. Importantly, we’re releasing new products and that has an impact as well, but it’s still early to call this a different trajectory in terms of the outlined months.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so it’s I think we’re encouraged by some of the things that are being talked about around U.S. corporate tax rate and house proposal that’s been put out there we think addresses a number of important issues that currently created disadvantage for U.S. based companies, a lot of corporate tax rate, territorial tax system, potential to repatriate foreign earnings. We view all of those as positive for Rockwell for U.S. manufacturers and for U.S. economic growth generally. Specifically as it relates to repatriation, what we would repatriate ultimately would depend on the rate -- the tax rate that would apply to that and any conditions that might apply to the repatriation. But we probably currently have about $2 billion that could be repatriated at some point. Those funds if repatriated, could be used for investments in organic growth, they could be used for acquisitions especially U.S. based companies, it could be used for retirement of debt or better funding of our pension plans, or to return to shareowners through dividend repurchases. And once we get a clearer view on what the conditions might be, we’ll be prepared to talk in a little more detail about specifically about how we would use it.
Ted Crandall: We haven’t passed on attractive acquisitions in the past for a lack of U.S. cash. We continue to look at acquisitions as opportunities to accelerate what we’re doing in terms of technology, domain expertise to market access. And we’re pleased with the results of our recent acquisition, we’ll talk more about the need to be present in M&A to accelerate our strategy, so I don’t really see it as a significant accelerator to the amount of M&A we would otherwise do.
Ted Crandall: I think if you were to look at where the concentration of our activity is, it’s really in that the new value that come from information solutions and connected services. So in the network space, in the software space it sits up above the real-time control, those are the areas where we’re probably relatively active and it’s spread across the world, it’s not constrained to any one geography.
Ted Crandall: Joe, I think what’s reflected in our current guidance is what we talked about in November which we think for the full year price will be little less than a point and similar to what it was last year. If the economy heats up, who knows, I mean maybe pricing could be a little better.
Ted Crandall: So in answering the first question which is about the top-line, I mean may be the way to think about the higher end of the range is, clearly, we had a better organic growth result in Q2 than we were expecting coming into the year. But basically, we have not changed our balance of the year guidance. So if Q2 is truly kind of a new baseline, and we should expect the same sequential growth we were originally expecting in the November guidance, that’s a way to think about how we would get to the higher end of the range on the top-line. Our conversion now in the new guidance is about 20% which is almost double what it was in our November guidance and that’s the spike the headwinds we talked about November around incentive compensation and pension in particular. So, there will be some better conversion at the higher end than we would see at the low end or midpoint.
Ted Crandall: One of the things we’ve always talked about is we’re not all that capital intensive as it relates to growth. With immediate deductibility of CapEx, is it possible we might spend more than we originally planned, I think it’s possible but I don’t think that’s a very big number particularly compared to the amount of earnings we’ve got sitting overseas.
Ted Crandall: Well I mean I would love to think that we’re going to start to see some improvement in heavy industries as we proceed through the year. But we haven’t seen that yet and it’s not reflected in the guidance. I mean I think our solutions and services business right now we believe will be about flat year-over-year and any improvement that does start to occur in heavy industry, for a significant part of that business, we really need to see it in Q2 or may be early Q3 in order for that to have an impact on shipments in the year.
Ted Crandall: I think the Q1 performance in EMEA was just more about timing of when projects hit, principally in the solutions and services businesses.
Ted Crandall: So I would say it was primarily advanced into the second quarter and it was not all A&S it was kind of a combination of A&S and CP&S.
Ted Crandall: That’s correct, we do not expect A&S margin at 30% for the balance of the year, we expect lower margins for A&S for the balance of the year.
Ted Crandall: Eli, maybe it’s a little bit different approach to the answer and this is not intended in any way to be a political commentary, but I don’t think we’re hearing anything from investors that would cause us to believe that what we saw as the acceleration in the first quarter is related to upcoming potential tax changes.
