Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I think maybe addressing it at the midpoint of 2% organic, we would expect all of the regions to be close to that, but with Latin America probably a little above the average.
Theodore D. Crandall: We worked that bridge at the midpoint, but you could do a similar bridge at the low end of guidance. And the two things that would inflect at the lower end of guidance are both that core contribution and to some extent the incentive compensation.
Theodore D. Crandall: If you look at our performance in 2016, it was largely oil and gas and mining that pulled down the heavy industry verticals. In the balance of heavy industry verticals, it was relatively flat, with some up a little bit and some down a little bit. I think what we're counting on in oil and gas and mining is we have had in oil and gas now about four quarters of relatively flat sales sequentially, and in mining, about three quarters of relatively flat sales sequentially. And when we get to Q1, we will have an easier comparison year over year in oil and gas, and by Q2, an easier comparison in mining.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, so I think, Steve, you're right on. Part of that higher conversion is we'll probably guide about $15 million less restructuring charges reflected in 2017 than in 2016. And then in addition to that, we've got the restructuring savings that will impact 2017 favorably from the charges we took in Q4.
Theodore D. Crandall: And those are probably the two major factors that cause that conversion to be a little bit higher than you might have otherwise expected.
Theodore D. Crandall: It's hard because we sell so much through distribution that it's hard for us to know exactly what the split of CapEx is and MRO. But I referenced before that in oil and gas and mining, we've now seen three or four quarters of relatively flat sales. And I think that is a reflection of relatively stable MRO spending, small project spending, and then also investment in productivity improvement projects as opposed to new capacity.
Theodore D. Crandall: It's hard for us to comment on what other companies are saying because geographic exposures and industry exposures are somewhat different. But we have seen a couple of encouraging quarters of sequential growth, particularly in the Product businesses. Obviously, it's been better in auto and consumer than it has been in heavy industry. I'd say what we have reflected in guidance is consistent with what we're hearing from customers about their capital spending plans. As far as the election goes, we haven't talked to many people who are happy about the election, but I also haven't talked to many customers who are saying they're holding back spending specifically for that reason.
Theodore D. Crandall: No, I can't think of any significant mix change in the Product or Solutions set that we're selling into oil and gas.
Theodore D. Crandall: So let me go to your first question about the growth rates. I don't think we're going to see year-over-year growth probably until Q2, and at best I think Q1 will be at the low end of the guidance growth range. Since we don't do quarterly guidance, I'm not going to do a Q1 tax rate, but the Q1 tax rate will be below the average for the full year.
Theodore D. Crandall: So, Julian, generally, conditions improved as we moved through the quarter, but that's pretty typical for any quarter for us and particularly so for Q4.
Theodore D. Crandall: Rick, the other thing, I think Patrick mentioned 10% growth in automotive in the quarter. I wouldn't get overly excited about the 10% in the quarter. It tends to be a project-related business for us. There's some lumpiness in project timing, and so we were really pleased with the results in the quarter. I would say what we're more pleased with is full-year growth in automotive in 2016, and so don't draw too big of a conclusion on one quarter's results.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I think in the first half of the year, we will have modestly negative growth rates in Solutions & Services businesses probably.
Theodore D. Crandall: At the 2% midpoint, I think CP&S will show some growth, but it will likely be below the average, and A&S we would expect to be a little above the average.
Theodore D. Crandall: I would say the only change we have seen in the Middle East is there has been some pullback in infrastructure investment.
Theodore D. Crandall: Without getting overly specific, I think you ought to think of it as we expect both the company average growth in automotive and consumer and below the company average growth in heavy industry, and with heavy industry relatively flat, maybe even slightly down.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, so for 2016, pricing was a little less than a point, and basically we're expecting a similar result in 2017.
Theodore D. Crandall: Eli, I think we've talked about this in the past. If you ask what I think more a long-term base tax rate is for us, I think it's more like in the 26% to 27% range.
Theodore D. Crandall: We're talking about a $20 million opportunity in powertrain for us annually. If you think about our automotive business as being ballpark, $600 million – $650 million of our total sales, you can do the math yourself. Without powertrain, there would be significantly lower growth.
Blake D. Moret: Yes, we do. And again, the growth of our automotive industry sales is really more dependent on model changes than the SAAR [Seasonally Adjusted Annual Rate] count. And we have good visibility to model changes around the world, but including the U.S.
Blake D. Moret: Overall the heavy industries are expected to be flat to slightly down. We do get some contribution particularly in chemical and oil and gas from the Maverick Technologies acquisition.
Blake D. Moret: To add to that, I don't think we've seen anything to indicate a change in MRO spending in auto. What we are seeing is in that vertical particularly high uptake of some of the new value that we talk about with the connected enterprise. So adding information solutions that sit up on top of the basic control system, we're seeing really around the world a fairly rapid adoption of those additional sources of productivity.
Blake D. Moret: I think there's stability in terms of some of the key industries. And remember, those product sales do get impacted by heavy industries as well as the consumer industries. But there's more optimism really on the consumer side, and we see the impact of new products as well having some benefit for us. So the new product releases, we've been talking about the investment for the last couple years. And we did see in 2016 and continuing into 2017 some important new products that are now available on the market.
Blake D. Moret: Just to recap, our primary exposure is upstream and some in midstream, less in terms of control and downstream, although we do sell our intelligent motor control offerings as well as our process safety offerings in downstream, but we're not seeing any significant change in the mix. Again, we took some steps to increase our domain expertise, which impacts oil and gas primarily upstream and midstream.
Blake D. Moret: It does not reflect a fundamental change in our thinking. We remain committed to strong support of our systems integrators and solutions providers. We've had really a dual approach to the market, particularly in process, for a long time now, in that for some industries and applications and even some specific customers, they do expect the manufacturer of the control equipment to have the domain expertise to be able to most efficiently apply that technology. But we recognize and remain committed to strong support of independent engineering firms for integrating those products as well. Particularly in the process space, there's not as much of an integrator footprint in the U.S. or around the world. On balance, the integrators are typically a little more focused on discrete applications, but in no way does this signify a rollup of our integrators either in process applications or in general.
Blake D. Moret: A lot's been said about the growth of the consumer vertical in China, and we continue to see that and automotive as the engines of our growth there. And I mentioned before about around the world customers in addition to the basic control systems that they're adding or upgrading, adding the additional information solutions on top in their overall platform. And we're seeing particularly high adoption in China, and specifically in consumer verticals like Life Sciences as well as in the automotive industry. And in fact, the adoption rate is probably higher than in any other place in the world, as those manufacturers, including indigenous manufacturers, are trying to move more rapidly up the productivity curve than other economies did in the past.
Blake D. Moret: Yes, I think what we're seeing is the long-term trends towards a consumer industry to support the growing middle class playing out in China.
Blake D. Moret: There's plenty of room to run on these share gains. And so I don't know that we can break down specifically the percentage of growth. We've talked about a $20 million incremental opportunity in powertrain on a yearly basis. But we think it's fairly balanced in terms of our ability to grow share due to powertrain as well as capitalizing on model changes and identified programs around the world.
Blake D. Moret: We're seeing activity, but it's a little hard to say when money will actually be released for those projects because what we've seen in the past is during periods where capital expansion is lower, then the engineers are busy getting ready for future projects, and they have the time to do that as opposed to keeping – running at very high levels of output. We've seen some evidence that there's a little more productivity spending in mining in Latin America, but no signs of a major uptick in capital expenditures. And just to be clear, what we look at as a big project, it's not all that big. We're not playing in the mega-projects more than to be providing the capacity specifically related to controls as well as productivity on brownfields.
Blake D. Moret: We do think a lot of that is variability. We think that the optimism that we've seen – I was in Europe last month with our employees and some customers as well. I think we're continuing to see the impact, particularly in the consumer applications of some of our new product releases. They're making a difference.
Blake D. Moret: When I talked to customers in China over the last couple of years, I've been told by some of them that what took the Western economies and the U.S. 40 or 50 years to work to high levels of productivity, they want to do in much less time. And I think a lot of those customers are committed to and with the encouragement of the government to more rapidly adopt additional sources of productivity. So it's certainly about the base automation. But when you look at initiatives like China Manufacturing 2025, those are really good fits with what we talk about with the connected enterprise vision. And in fact, just again there in August, having joint presentations for indigenous customers about the linkage of the connected enterprise with the China Manufacturing 2025 initiative, particularly around those information solutions, the addition of MES software, higher-value services to complement the products and the software, those ideas resonate with the customers. And beyond that, there's a growing number of them that can talk about how it actually achieved the business outcomes that they were looking for. And we'll talk about some of those on Thursday, but it's real and it's having an impact on their overall competitiveness.
Blake D. Moret: It's the pilot concept. And for each customer, it's an individual journey, so they're picking up these concepts at a different state of readiness. Some of them already have the smart products installed. Others it's just getting the basic communication infrastructure in to create the plumbing, if you will, for the data that's turned into information. But we're seeing that pull that I mentioned before bringing us into those pilots. It's highly iterative. There's not a set playbook for the industries. Each customer is looking for a partner to work through this with them, and that's why it's taking a while. But we do see the adoption and the momentum building.
Blake D. Moret: Sure, I will be talking some more specifically about the role of these acquisitions and others on Thursday. But briefly, we remain primarily an organic growth company. There's no better way for us to spur our growth in performance than growth in our core platforms. That being said, the pace of the technology and the demands of customers that they have on their automation and information partners for credibility and an understanding of their best opportunities for productivity do put a little additional emphasis on acquiring and partnering for new technology and domain expertise. So it's more about the accelerated pace of the technology that may spur a little bit more activity on the acquisition side. But again, our priorities remain first, organic growth, and then in terms of capital acquisitions, followed by dividend and share repurchase. So I don't want to signal – I'm not signaling an interest in going after something big. We're not constrained. But our first priority is when we do consider acquisitions are how do they accelerate our existing strategy? How do they bring us technology, innovation? How do they increase our domain expertise? How do they increase our market access? And so the best acquisitions address one or more of those areas, and then we look secondarily about their impact on some portion of our financial structure.
Blake D. Moret: Sure. We remain committed to limited market-making distribution around the world, and we have seen some optimism coming from our distributors and from our salespeople who are working with distributors. We also see the need to increase our own capabilities, particularly when we're having these more unstructured discussions about the connected enterprise. So we can't depend entirely on our distributors to make that market for us. And so we're investing in people who have skills in that area and have the expertise in the applications and the technology for driving that additional productivity. And we're looking at partners as well. Engineering companies, when they see the value of working with us, they can be a very credible source of information and value-add for those customers as well. So it's a broad approach. It remains one that includes distribution at its core, but it also includes developing our own capabilities as well as developing deeper relationships with key engineering firms.
Blake D. Moret: And going back to your first question about coal, you're right. Our exposure to coal is fairly low. It was a little bit more in China, but I would say it's decreased quite a bit over the last couple of years, and we don't expect additional exposure to coal in the U.S. or elsewhere.
