Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on the call today. I appreciate your time and interest in Rockwell Automation. The first portion of my remarks will cover some highlights for the quarter and a summary of our performance in the first half of the year. Please turn to Page 4 in the slide deck. We had solid 8% growth excluding currency in Q2 and 7% organic growth.  I was really pleased to see solid organic growth in every region. North American market conditions have remained healthy. Our reported sales growth in the U.S. was 5% this quarter. But because of an unusually large project that shipped in quarter 2 last year, we believe that understates the strength of market conditions in the U.S. If we carved that large project out, growth in the U.S. would have been several points higher. Canada was a standout with 25% growth. We are successfully capitalizing on the strength of resource-based industries there.  Europe had another strong quarter despite macroeconomic headwinds. Our team there is executing very well in a difficult environment.  I was encouraged to see Asia return to double-digit growth in the quarter. China improved to high single-digit growth, and we are optimistic that market conditions will continue to improve in the second half of the year. Our outlook for India is more cautious. Sales in India were flat in the quarter, and we have yet to see evidence of improvement in the economy.  Lastly, while Latin America organic sales were only up 4% in the quarter, they have difficult comparison to a great quarter last year. Orders were strong in the quarter, and we continue to expect double-digit growth for the full year. I hope that regional color was helpful. I have a few other second quarter highlights to share before I move on to the first half.  Our Process business continued to gain traction and delivered another quarter of over 20% sales growth. We continue to expand our integrator network, which is enabling us to pursue a broader spectrum of applications in all regions. Process remains our greatest growth opportunity, and we are executing well. We introduced 2 new Logix mid-range controller platforms that improved scalability and Ethernet connectivity, plus enhanced motion for our OEM customers.  For the fourth time, we were recognized by the Ethisphere Institute as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. This award is a real tribute to the efforts of all of our employees and the importance of ethics in our culture.  Ted will provide more detail on second quarter financial performance in his remarks. So I'd like to provide a few highlights on the first half of the fiscal year.  I am pleased with our year-over-year performance through the end of March. Sales grew over 8%, excluding currency. Operating margin expanded 1.7 points, and segment conversion margin was over 40%. Earnings per share in the first half grew 12% in spite of a pretty significant headwind from taxes, and we continue to generate best-in-class return on invested capital.  So far, the year has played out a little differently than we thought it would. Developed markets have been a bit stronger and emerging markets weaker than we originally expected. But overall, at the halfway point of the year, we're pretty much where we expected to be, and we're well positioned as we enter the second half.  So this is how we're thinking about the second half. We expect sequential sales growth in all regions and across our Product & Solutions and services businesses. We had a good first half in developed markets, and we expect those markets to remain solid for the rest of the year.  In emerging markets, we expect stronger growth in the second half of the year. Our outlook for China and Latin America is strong. We expect to return to double-digit growth in the second half. But we are more cautious on India, as we have yet to see signs of economic improvement there. Despite some mixed signals in the macro environment, we expect the recovery to continue in 2012. We feel great about our market position and our pipeline of opportunities, and we continue to invest in innovation and differentiation.  With 2 quarters behind us and given our current assessment of global economic and market conditions, we are maintaining the midpoint of both our sales and earnings per share guidance for the year and narrowing the ranges. The narrowed range for earnings per share guidance is $5.10 to $5.40. Sales and earnings within our guidance ranges would represent another record year for the company. Ted will provide more color on the assumptions in our guidance in his remarks.  Let me close by thanking all of the employees and partners of Rockwell Automation. We are executing our growth and performance strategy well, and that will enable us to deliver superior returns to our share owners.  With that, I'll now hand it over to Ted.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Absolutely. We -- with respect to the trend in the quarter, it definitely got stronger. I think there's probably 2 reasons for that. One is, as we talked last time, there was the impact of liquidity, particularly on small and midsized customers, and China has been easing their reserve ratio in the period. But then second is just the holiday in Asia, with the Chinese New Year occurring generally a little -- in the early part of the quarter, that as we exited, we saw a stronger momentum building as we went through March. And March was very solid, which, I think, drove a lot of the performance that we talked about, improvement on a sequential basis from Q1. But I would say those 2 things with growing momentum as we exited the quarter.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Let me comment on a couple of the end markets. You hit the first one, which was auto. And certainly, we felt auto was strong in the quarter, and we continue to believe that, that will help us as we go through the year. Associated with that would be tire. Tire has been a very strong market over the last, probably, 12 to 18 months now. While we're not seeing the growth there, tire is continuing to stay at the high level with just a little bit of shift of where and who's doing the investing, but the market itself continues to perform well. Oil and gas is strong pretty much across the board, and that is pretty much a continuation. Water wastewater, strong in the U.S. Mining, strong in Latin America, Canada and the South Africa, Middle East region for us, with respect to EMEA. The consumer products, consumer is a little bit mixed. When you look at it in total, the food and beverage market, a lot of the investment there is primarily in emerging markets as we go forward. Life sciences becoming a little stronger in EMEA. And then the one that's probably a little weaker within consumer is the home and personal care market at this point in time. So that gives you a little feel for the different end markets.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, yes. Within EMEA, we see a continuation of what you just mentioned we talked about in Q1, and that is the strength of the exporting sector. I think the strength of the exporting sector is starting to diverge a little. And that is continued strong exports back into the U.S. but a little weakening of exports into Asia because of some of the slowdowns that were taking place there, so a little difference as we see that happening at the moment. Then we also have the phenomenon between north and south, I'll call it, Western Europe, if you will. The continuing debt crisis in the south impacting a little bit stronger into Spain and Italy now, and the north being more of the exporting region goes back to my earlier comments. And then the last point I'd make with respect to Europe would be that emerging aspects, which, for us, would be areas like Russia and Turkey, they continue to perform well in the second quarter, equally strong -- almost equally as strong as they were in our first quarter. So we see continued growth there, and then the Western Europe would be back to the earlier comments I made.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, certainly, it's hard for me to say exactly how much of a help that is. But it certainly is part of the broader strategy of a -- of our Process strategy, which is we can supply a complete integrated solution, including instrumentation, when that's the way the customer wants to purchase it and to do that from an ability to provide the integration services, the maintenance services, the asset management associated with that equipment and to provide a more seamless startup for our customers. So it's part of the Process strategy. In some customers, E&H has a strong position. In some customers, Rockwell has a stronger position, and we help each other. And then we target other customers where we just want to break into that market. So it's -- I just view it as it's a good partnership, and we help each other in growing our mutual business at our common customers.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think as far as being able to be a Main Automation Contractor, or a MAC, as you referred, we do that in a number of industries and a number of applications. And we've done that now for, certainly, over the last year or 2, particularly more outside the U.S. because, obviously, as you well know, that's where most of the greenfield and expansion had been going, particularly in the oil and gas industries. Your comments about, and specifically, to the U.S. and the expansion into large-scale chemical complexes, I would say that is one of the places that is not Rockwell Automation's sweet spot. That is very similar to what we talk about in the oil and gas segment, being refining, the bulk chemical projects. The majority of our applications there and where we do have and where we are capable and will participate is in the intelligent motor control aspects of that business, with our medium-voltage drives and motor control centers and our safety systems from a process standpoint. And there, we will become a significant participant and to work with the companies that are starting that up, that are talking about those new facilities. But when you look at the main process control, that is an area that while we have capabilities, that would not be our historical strength and, certainly, is an area that we will participate in. In the areas that I talked about, as well as our advanced process control, which is an area that we have worked with all of these companies globally on, in particular outside the U.S., and advanced process control is a capability that we do have where we're talking about reduction of process variability and improving the control of the -- of those core chemical processes with some very sophisticated modeling technologies and capabilities. So different pieces, absolutely. And we're aware of those expansions that you've referenced.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Well, certainly, let's take the near-end look, and that's for the remainder of the year. We would expect Logix to grow at a growth rate above the company average, and that's certainly what we're planning on. With respect to penetration, that's a larger -- well, let me just -- and we expect to see really solid high single, low double-digit growth rate for the year in Logix. As far as the penetration, we continue to expand the opportunities for Logix. So we have not -- and when I say that, I mean, we're expanding the served market for Logix, and that's what I talked about the new 2 controllers that came out. That's expanding the market that we have had -- that we cover going into OEMs, going in the process, the addition of safety, the addition of broader Ethernet capabilities, all of this is expanding the scalability and, therefore, the served market for Logix. So our penetration -- in one way, you can say it keeps going down because we keep expanding the market. So we believe we still have runway to grow Logix as we go forward, and certainly, that's one of the reasons we continue to invest in it, to be able to continue to expand the served market and, therefore, be able to continue to drive that higher growth that I talked about. And this year, for the first time, we expect Logix sales to be over $1 billion. So -- and we see no reason we can't continue to grow that above the company average into the -- certainly, the short and midterm future.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Well, the fact of the matter is it's not our investment to build it out, other than the people that we have on staffs to grow the relationships, because these are independent third-party companies that create the integrator network. So ours is creating the relationships and building the interfaces and the day-to-day interaction with our sales and/or channel management teams. And certainly, we don't see it as a limitation from the standpoint of we continually grow and develop it. And we talk about it, particular in Process, one of the reasons we are growing at the rate we are is that we continue to expand the integrator network, and to your point, very much so in the emerging markets. And I think the challenge is more of finding competent, talented integrators in some of the emerging markets that can support the technology and have the domain expertise to grow into some of these new markets. So I think it's more the availability issue and having the competence to continue to expand. But we are constantly evolving and growing that partner network throughout the world.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, I don't -- we don't see it as a limiter, and we operate in 2 dimensions here. One is, if you notice some of the acquisitions we've made have been system integrators in the emerging markets so that we can get a critical mass with domain expertise. But at the same time, we're expanding the partner network so that we can work with more customers. Because at the end of the day, it's the customer that decides how they want to work here. Do they want to work with a local integrator? Or do they want to work with a Rockwell Automation who can probably provide more commonality, more standardization globally than a local system integrator could. So we try to look at that as the best of both worlds and how do we balance the growth of local integrators versus continuing to expand our solutions capability and domain expertise in the emerging markets.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, we don't -- back to where we are in the cycle, we think we're still in a -- in the part of the cycle where we should see growth in both our Product businesses and our Solutions businesses. I think the gap that we talked about is mainly because of the -- excuse me, the slow start we had, particularly in Asia in emerging markets in our first quarter and the hole we dug with the expanded shipments we had in our fourth quarter last year. And as we rebuild that pipeline with orders, we're just seeing that order flow now come through in the second half of the year. So we're seeing some moderating in Product, but a normal expansion in our Solutions business. And we don't see that as an indication at this point yet of a movement towards end-of-cycle large projects in heavy industries. But the other part of that is, we're naturally growing our Process business. So we are seeing some of that as just the -- as far as just the natural evolution of our strategy as we go forward. So we would expect more larger projects, more in the heavy industries, particularly in the emerging markets, and some of that is just the natural evolution following our growth and performance strategy. And yet, for the remainder of the year, we still expect above-market growth in both Products and Solutions.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, we -- I would say we're not seeing that in our business at this point in time. We're starting to have the anecdotal commentary as we do our normal quarterly pulse check. I would say the U.S. organization would tell us that they're having conversations, that people are bringing it up. But we're not seeing a mass change of direction here going forward. But certainly, the topic and the interest in manufacturing in the U.S. has picked up. And I think that's good, not just for Rockwell Automation but also just for the economy in general. So conversation at this point, we would expect to -- if there is going to be an impact, that's a little longer term as far as an investment cycle that it would bring with it.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No. I would not qualify that one as a -- I think it's what we would call it to be the average of our Solutions business for us, not one that was particularly strong. So I don't think that's had any impact into year-over-year performance.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Well, first of all, I did not mention it, but China grew at 7% for us this year -- this quarter. I'm sorry, this quarter, excuse me. And that was up from negative growth last quarter. What are we seeing that's different? Well, I think a couple of things. First, our team there is doing a very good job at uncovering new customers and new applications. And that does take a little bit of time, and that's why sometimes you get a dwell period, particularly when the economy is slowing. And we have seen that in China, and I think all of the statistics point to that, which is something that you've seen. As where are we seeing this now? I think we're starting to see some of the liquidity problems working their way through the system. We would hope that, that is going to be a continuing theme as we go through the year, which is why we believe the uptake will come up. And we see a split, really, between large customers and smaller customers yet. The larger companies are getting stronger and investing more. And we still see some of the pain at those smaller customers at this point, and that's really driven because of the liquidity problems that I talked about. The other reason we think we're going to see a better second half is our front-log activity has picked up, and that really goes back to the earlier comment I made about our sales organization is working very aggressively. We believe OEMs continue to be strong for us. To be able to create new OEMs, it takes time to work with them in the design phase and the design cycle. So we're expecting a pickup with OEMs as we go forward. And just the ongoing maturity of our distributors and our system integrators will help and should always help provide some tailwind as well. But that's a -- that's also a long-term process for us as well. So I think those would be the thoughts that we have with respect to China, both current, and why we feel we will expect to see an acceleration in the second half.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think if you look at the underlying market conditions, they continue to be mixed. If you look at the PMI, depending upon which one you look at, the third-party one, which tends to be most of the multinationals, is still under 50% and has been under 50% for, I think, maybe 6 or more months now. So that tells you that manufacturing is slowing. If you look at the data that they communicate, they just recently lowered their growth rates another 0.5 point. And so their exports have been impacted to some degree. So I would say the majority of our success has been us working it as opposed to the continued growth or -- at a high level of -- while the growth rates are still strong, they're declining from where they were. So it isn't like the overall business is pulling us along with it. I think we're having to work harder, and we're having to create more of our opportunities and grow more customers. And that's why I'm complimenting our team in China because it's -- while it might have been stronger market growth previously, we have certainly strong growth, but our performance, I think, indicates that the team is outperforming the underlying market there as well.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think around -- Logix was slightly higher than the average. And I would say, last time, we talked a little bit -- last year at this time, we talked about motion being much stronger, and that was the inner segment mix difference at that point. But motion would have grown this year slightly under the segment average. So really, it was a pretty tight band within A&S this quarter, not a big swing between the different businesses within there. Good, solid safety growth. Obviously, solid Logix growth. And the peripheral products, which would be motion -- really motion and sensing, motion slightly under and sensing basically right at.
Keith D. Nosbusch: The book to bill was 1.1 in the quarter. So once again, 2 very good quarters of above 1 growth in our Solutions business, which is why, basically, Ted commented about the second half and the mix shift favoring more to Solutions. It's because of that backlog that we built after getting ourselves to hold in the third and fourth quarter of last year.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think on commodity costs, we are running a little bit higher than a year ago but not outside our expectations and, I'd say, consistent with our original guidance. On price, we said we thought we would realize about 1 point, maybe a little bit less. And I would say, through the first half, we're very much on track with that. So I think price cost through the first half and in the second quarter was pretty much as we expected.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I think what we have seen through the first half and with what we've got in backlog now, it looks like Solutions growth is even going to be a little bit better than we originally thought, and Product growth just may be slightly lower than we originally thought. So that 3-point difference has now become a several-point difference.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean, I think if you look at the implied incrementals for the full year now, we're kind of in the mid to high 30s. And given where we had been in the first half, that would put the second half in that same -- the high-30s range. So we're pretty comfortable with that given our expectations for volume growth in the second half, but we are going to have some headwind from mix in the second half.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think, there's going to be a contribution from volume compared to this quarter, a little bit of headwind from mix, and then there's just some other noise kind of stuff that affects quarter-to-quarter results. And when you do the conversion, you've also got the complication of what was going on in the quarter the prior year before.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I would say, on an x currency basis, on a year-over-year basis, the current guidance would call for growth about equal in the second half to the first half. And there's probably not enough acquisition impact in either half to affect that much, so think of that as organic.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think that's exactly the case, Terry. I'm sorry. I didn't understand your question from a regional point of view. I mean, we do expect strong growth rates in the emerging market in the second half, and we do expect lower growth rates in the mature markets. But that's kind of what we've been talking about for a while in terms of a continuing deceleration in the mature markets as the -- just as the cycle continues to play out.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I would say we got a reasonable contribution from the volume. We've got the favorable contribution for price we were expecting. And actually, I talked about being a little under 1 point. It wasn't a lot -- it wasn't much different in either of the segments. There's a negative mix impact in CP&S year-over-year, and that's basically higher Solutions growth. And we've got the spending impact that we have talked about in both segments year-over-year.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I would say yes. I mean, obviously, our repurchases in any period are going to depend on the cash generation and what's going on with acquisition spending. But if you look at our expectations for cash flow generation this year and you back out some reasonable estimate of acquisition spending, we would expect to probably repurchase about 3 million shares this year. Obviously, we have not been at that pace in the first half. Partly in the first quarter, we stepped back a little bit because of the large pension contribution. I would say in Q2, we got a little bit of a slow start in January under a 10b5-1 plan. But our repurchases did accelerate through February and March, and we would expect to kind of be on pace through the rest of the year to get to that roughly $3 million number -- 3 million share number, I'm sorry.
Theodore D. Crandall: I don't think I would characterize it as something that's going to cap the margins. But we do have some headwind this cycle, particularly in CP&S, compared to last cycle. Part of that is an increasing Solutions content as a percent of the total, so we've got that mix headwind we have talked about previously. And the other thing I think we’ve talked about previously is we've got substantially higher pension expense this cycle than we had last cycle. And because CP&S tends to be our more people-intensive business, it has somewhat of a disproportionate impact in that segment.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean, I would say we're thinking that -- and it'll vary across our sales guidance range, obviously. But at the midpoint of the range, we're thinking the second half on an apples-to-apples basis, excluding acquisition impact, might be maybe 3 points lower than the first half.
Theodore D. Crandall: Jeff, this is Ted. I think you know we've got pretty good visibility of North American distributor inventories. And I would say, nothing unusual going on in their inventories. They have increased proportionate to kind of what they're seeing as end demand increase. And if you look kind of at the underlying product sales in Q2 in North America, it was another very good quarter for our distributors.
Theodore D. Crandall: Rick, in the year-over-year causal, margin causal on A&S, there really wasn't much of a -- there wasn't much of a significant mix impact.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, there were 2 things. When we talk about spending Q1 to Q2, so sequential change, probably the largest impact was just the merit increases that we normally put through in January. There was additional incremental spending increase sequentially beyond that. I don't think I would say we caught up year-to-date from some under-spending in Q1. If anything, we're probably still a little bit below where we thought we would be for the first half.
