Patrick Goris: Okay. Jeff, with respect to the restructuring charges, you can think of the charges being a 60/40 split, so 60% of the charges going to the CP&S segment, 40% of the charges impacting Architecture & Software, and so that's about a 3-point headwind to the CP&S segment margin in the quarter and a little over a 2-point headwind for the Architecture & Software segment in the quarter. With respect to the question you had about fiscal 2018, my comments about no year-over-year EPS growth was with respect to Q1, not the first half of the year. So it's only for Q1 that we expect adjusted EPS to be down year-over-year for the items – because of the items I mentioned, but that is not for the first half. For the first half, we do expect EPS growth. With respect to currency compared to the prior year, currency was about a 0.5 point hit to segment margin for the company and it was a little bit more than that for A&S and a little bit below that for CP&S.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. You can think of normalized restructuring charges for our company being in about $10 million per year, and we have, every quarter we have some charges. The charges that we just called out now would be on top of the normal $10-ish million we do. And so, obviously, a couple items played a role here. Obviously, we had the sale and the large gain who we've been looking for a while now at our supply chain and potential re-footprinting there. So we decided to pull that trigger. And as we mentioned in our comments, the other item is we're constantly looking at where we can redirect spending through our higher-priority areas related to the Connected Enterprise, and these restructuring charges enable us to do both. One is a long term re-footprinting; the other one is shorter term, redirecting some of our spend.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. I would say that we always see some quarterly variability in our growth rates, especially in some of the emerging markets where there's some (33:18) more of the larger projects. We're pleased with our growth in China this year. China did about 12% of growth in fiscal 2017. And for next year, we expect China to be close to 10%, a little bit below. So I wouldn't just look at one particular quarter. I would expect some continued variability in those growth rates going forward as well.
Patrick Goris: The good news, John, is that as Blake mentioned, it's many different industries in China that are supporting growth. And so it's not only consumer, but some of the heavy industries are now contributing growth as well.
Patrick Goris: Rich, our guidance for automotive – so continued strong growth in powertrain and EVs as Blake mentioned. Our overall auto business, we expect to grow below the company average in fiscal 2018.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So Rich, our guidance assumes that our solutions and services will grow just a little faster than our product businesses. And when I say faster, it's like within a point or so of our product businesses. In terms of conversion, I would expect year-over-year earnings conversion to be stronger in the second half than in the first half, with some of the reasons I mentioned earlier impacting or related to the comparisons for Q1. So stronger earnings conversion in second half than first half year-over-year.
Patrick Goris: Actually, Scott, the overall spending came in basically where we expected it to be. If we adjust our – first of all, our sales came in within a few million dollars. Our segment margin – adjusted for the restructuring charge of $43 million which was not in our guidance, segment margin came in where we expected, currency was a little headwind but basically was in line with where we thought we would end up being. And the net of it is that EPS was about $0.02 better than our midpoint of guidance. So there was no – let's put it this way, there was no decision during the quarter to just ramp up spending above and beyond what we assumed for Q4.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. And as Blake mentioned, generally speaking, we had a good Q4 order intake. Our orders were up high-single digits for the overall company in the fourth quarter.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So as I mentioned to Andy, we expect A&S to be about in line with the overall company in terms of organic growth. So that's about 5%. And you're right, the comps will get more difficult, but that's what we project for A&S. We expect continued growth as we said in consumer. Don't forget A&S also has exposure to heavy industries. Our Logix platform is sold in process industries and other heavy industries. And so we expect continued good growth associated with that.
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about it is that number about three years ago was probably close to zero. And so it is not an incremental 2018 versus 2017, but it is the growth that we have seen over the last two, three years and expect in fiscal 2018 that by the end of fiscal 2018, we think that EV and powertrain combined will be a $100 million business and basically, that's business that we didn't have three plus years ago.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So every time we are in a quarter where we see significant currency swings, we get into balance sheet remeasurements, which may impact the performance of the OE impact of currency compared to what the top line of currency is doing. And that's why in Q4, whereas from a sales point of view, currency was a small tailwind. The margin and earnings impact was actually a modest headwind. For fiscal 2018, we're projecting a 2.5% sales contribution for currency and based on the currency rate as we see – and we used projections 12 months out, based on those currency projections, we expect about a 20% earnings conversion on the sales contribution from currency. And so that's why you get to the tailwind and EPS associated with currency that we show on the EPS bridge.
Blake D. Moret: Sure. Let me start with the last. Customers are voting with their wallets and that's why we're gaining share broad-based across regions and in industries. The Connected Enterprise and bringing it to life remains our strategy and that means that we integrate control and information across the enterprise to help industrial customers and their people be more productive, and that is what we do. We're a single integrated business, exclusively focused on that. We're the biggest company in the world that's devoted to industrial automation and information. And customers are telling us it's the right strategy. I would add that it's very compelling to them to have such a tightly integrated business because it brings efficiencies to them as well as to us. Having a single platform within their enterprise to solve different types of applications is a huge productivity benefit to them. They can get lots of different products from different companies. But having a single platform with a common software environment is something that customers tell us, over and over, brings them a lot of benefit.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. Let me also add and this goes back to the question that Jeff asked as well. Do we expect dramatically higher, unusually higher development spending going forward? And the answer to that is no. We continue to increase, as modestly as a percentage of total revenue, our development spend by working with the best partners in the business. By making acquisitions as well to complement our organic strategy, we're able to continue to keep spending at managed levels.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. I would also add. As some of the projects that get lumped into heavy industries come back, you're going to see some of that natural variability. So for some additional color, in Q4 in China, semiconductor remains at very high levels. Transportation continues strong, metals and mining. So a lot of that is project-based business and you're going to have some variability there.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. So, John, again starting with the appetite for acquisitions. We've talked about information solutions and connected services being priorities for acquisitions. And we've got a pipeline with some smaller ones and some big ones that get up to that $1 billion plus level. So we're looking at that. We start first with the strategic fit and then we look at the financial return for making those acquisitions. In terms of what the market is looking for, customers are looking for a single platform that they can deploy across their enterprise and a lot of customers have a mix of discrete and batch/hybrid and continuous process applications and the attraction of being able to build on our Logix platform to be able to solve all that different type of logic so that they only have to train on one platform their operations people. And from a parts standpoint and from a learning and an integration standpoint, that's very attractive to them. So while we sometimes get caught up in looking at what pieces of the overall automation market can be used, what matters is the outcomes that you bring to a specific customer and that specific customer is looking for a single platform. That's why a lot of our investments are based on continuing to add functionality to Logix, to a common software environment and that's what customers, even continuous process customers are telling us that we're on the right path looking at.
Blake D. Moret: We continue to see process as a great growth opportunity. We combine what we have in terms of process control with our domain expertise because that's an important part of the equation, that was part of the rationale behind what has been a very successful MAVERICK acquisition. And something that we talked about a lot in the past is intelligent motor control. When you're talking about handling fluids, then the variable speed drives and the power control is an important part of that and we have as good a portfolio as any in the business and we're taking significant share there as well. So combining that with our improved process control capabilities is something that's allowing us to see the kind of growth we reported in Q4 in process.
Blake D. Moret: Rich, we see it as very positive. When you combine the powertrain business that we've been talking about for the last few years as $20 million of additional revenue each year and you add the activity going on at many of those same-tier suppliers with electric vehicles, in 2018, we expect the contribution from powertrain and EV to be $100 million worth of business in our automotive segment. So it's big enough to be meaningful and we continue to see those high growth rates. We're competing and winning around the world at those customers. And that's definitely providing a boost to the traditional internal combustion assembly business that we've enjoyed for a long time in automotive.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah, Scott, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're here today to discuss our results and fiscal 2018 guidance. We're very confident in the company's strategic direction and in our ability to continue delivering superior levels of growth and value creation, and that's demonstrated today in the strength of our results and our confidence in our strategy and that's where our attention is being focused.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. In general, we do see broad-based recovery in heavy industries, and we already saw pieces of that this year. We talked about the strong performance in semiconductor. We saw metals. Pulp and paper, while it's a small vertical, saw a significant growth. And now we're seeing oil and gas returning and it's a mix of MRO, as well as some larger projects. Obviously, natural gas continues to be an interesting part of that segment. And we see mining – we're seeing some renewed activity in Latin America, for instance, in the mines in Chile and so on as copper prices get up above $3. So we really do see that as a broad-based recovery across heavy industries, and we think we're very well positioned to take advantage of that.
Blake D. Moret: And maybe with a little bit more detail on that. So when we started talking about powertrain explicitly as we reentered that market, we talked about around $20 million of incremental business a year from powertrain. As EV has grown very fast and it's many of the same customers, that's an additional boost to, again, a business that we didn't participate in that is basically growing market and our share over the last few years. And now, it's at that $100 million figure.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. Justin, we're not going to comment on that. We're going to continue to focus on the Q4 results and the outlook for 2018.
Blake D. Moret: Sure. Well, Noah, let me start by saying the Connected Enterprise and bringing it to life for our customers is focused on producing outcomes for them that make them more productive. And so that's a combination of the technology and the domain expertise, and an overall approach to working with them as they go on their journey to add that additional level of productivity. It starts by putting the foundation in place where the data is born, so that's the smart products, that's Logix, which are fundamental parts of the Connected Enterprise. And so the investments that continue are to add more performance to Logix, to add more predictive analytics to PowerFlex drives, to more tightly integrate visualization with our logic-solving platform. All those things are fundamental parts of the Connected Enterprise, and that's where a lot of our spending has and will continue to go. But it's also about the new value that we deliver from the Connected Enterprise. And so as we integrate control and information across the enterprise, we've got home field advantage. The data is born on our smart products that can be turned into useful information that helps these customers become more productive. So it's investments in information software, our own as well as the ability to integrate with other applications, because nobody has all the software under their own roof that's necessary, and because the technology moves too fast. And that's where our partner strategy is so valuable. It's also a focus area for acquisitions for us. And as I mentioned, it's not just about the technology, it's also about the domain expertise and the support. All of the Connected Enterprise pilots that we're engaged in, that you'll hear about next week, and there's over four dozen of those that we're tracking, all of those involve engineering to complement the technology. And so investments in consulting services, in project management, all the things that are so important to make sure that the project goes right and that the value for the customer is maximized, those are parts of our investments as well. So all of that together, that overall approach is what customers are responding so favorably to as we bring the Connected Enterprise to life.
John G. Inch: Okay. So basically, lumpiness. This is not some sort of a trend or some sort of share loss event or something like that. No. That's fine.
John G. Inch: Yeah. Well, especially in consumer, I think that makes a lot of sense. Let me ask one last one here. Yesterday afternoon (34:43), Emerson laid out, I would say a strategic rationale for why they would really like to buy you. Basically, if you kind of read between the way they presented it, it was to plug their lack of discrete and hybrid offering. And they commented more than once that customers want this full automation solution across discrete, hybrid and process. I mean, I guess I'm wondering like you sort of answered Jeff's question by talking about how customers want sort of a singular provider. But the differences between true process and true discrete in terms of customer subset and skill sets are obviously pretty different. I'm just curious if you concur with Emerson's statement that increasingly the market is looking for a singular solution provider across all of these three disciplines, and if that were so, I mean your process business really isn't that big in the big picture. So I'm wondering if this strategically prompts you to in turn try and drive higher process penetration. Blake, I think you're on record as even saying you'd be interested in doing deals up to $1 billion or at least stepping up M&A kind of over time versus Rockwell's historical trend.
John G. Inch: Okay. So you don't feel the need to step up the penetration incrementally based on kind of either the Emerson events or other events in the market to gain kind of more of a balance in process versus your discrete offering? I think that's what you're saying.
