Keith Nosbusch: Bob, at this time, we have not seen any change in what our expectations were. As we talked about guidance last time where we expected an improvement in our Solutions business in the second half of the year, we still expect that to happen. If you look at -- we did have some increase in our front log in the quarter and a slight increase mainly in solutions in our backlog in the quarter. So and improvement in, I'll say, the large CapEx projects that are in the funnel, if you will, in North America particularly as we exited the quarter. So that kind of goes back to the comment I made about the industrial metrics that we monitor still have remained strong. So at this point, we have not seen a reaction to the aspects of our core ordering. What we have seen -- I guess, to maybe just put a little more color on it, is we have seen a slowdown and change in Middle East and North Africa. And while that's not a large part of our business, there are some -- the work is just not being done there at the current time. And that is impacting both ongoing projects and future projects, but it is a small enough number that we did not see a big impact in our performance or expect a big impact in our performance from that. With respect to Japan, the impact there was not felt in the quarter at all. And in fact, Japan had a good quarter, which is a little -- may seem a little strange, but we have not seen the impact there. The Japan situation is something that we are monitoring very, very closely, because it's a potential impact to our supply chain. We do not believe there will be an impact to our supply chain in the third quarter. We have adequate stocks and inventories and the supply chain can support our third quarter. We are very mindful and watching the fourth quarter and beyond. And in particular, our concern with respect to Japan and the supply chain is really the sub-tier suppliers to our component suppliers. There is some heavy concentration in some of the industries that support particularly electronics. And those sub-suppliers have been impacted, and it's a question of when they can get their production lines running, when the environment there will stabilize both in transportation and energy, and will we be able to maintain an adequate supply or find adequate replacement that could impact at some point in our fourth quarter or more probably going into 2012. So our concern in the macro area is really Middle East, North Africa and supply chain of component suppliers from Japan, as we move into our fourth quarter.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. Well, Logix for the year was up -- I'm sorry, for the quarter, was up 21% year-over-year, which is basically the same growth rate as the A&S segment was. We continue to expect that we would see double-digit growth from Logix across all regions for the remainder of the year. And if you look at the impact into our process area, we continue to make progress in expanding our Logix platform in process. If we look at our process initiative, basically, our products portion of that grew at about the same level as Logix in the quarter. And we've seen improvement and higher growth in particular in the emerging markets of Asia Pacific and Latin America. Those were the strongest performers this past quarter. And we continue to see progress being made in new application in the continuous process space. And those applications are areas that we can now address either because of the Logix platform or our process safety platform that was part of our ICST acquisition. And being able to win greenfield applications and greenfield sites against what I would say are the more traditional DCS suppliers.
Keith Nosbusch: No, not in the process industry. In the process space, it's definitely Logix, which is driving the growth in the emerging markets, where you have a capability of selling both the Logix architecture or, I'll call it, our standalone machine-based solutions is really in the OEM market. And there, the emerging market OEMs are more heavily focused on both a CompactLogix or a MicroLogix solution, which is the reason we are coming out with the Micro800 family to be able to focus on the more component-centric buyer, standalone machine OEMs that we want to be able to address with a more aggressive price performance offering for the emerging market OEMs. And that's something that as the Micro800 matures and actually is introduced, we'll be able to help us penetrate more of that low-end segment of the OEM space. And that's where the difference is between emerging and mature markets, it's in that machine builder OEM space, not process.
Keith Nosbusch: Automotive continues to be a very strong vertical and continues to be our strongest vertical, and that really is worldwide. And as of now, we have not seen an impact on spending or projects with respect to the supply chain issues. Now we are not on the vehicles, so the fact that they're running at less capacity does not immediately impact us as a supplier. But, I think, you probably have seen the comments from Toyota just recently where they expect substantial production declines over an extended period of time. Our only concern with automotive is if there is a prolonged reduction in production, that's going to impact their investment simply because of profitability and cash flow. And that is something that could be an impact later, but today, projects actually have increased in the quarter. I should say the front log of projects, particularly in North America, have increased in the quarter in auto. And we are seeing continued strength in Asia Pacific and Latin America. So no change yet. A concern in the future that if there is a supply chain, extended supply-chain disruption that some of the automakers may have to revisit some of their CapEx spending just simply based upon current business performance.
Keith Nosbusch: No. I would say you captured the sense [ph] or just primarily -- the volume is primarily offset by increased expectations of higher material costs, as well as some negative mix, and then, there's also a negative contribution from share count that's roughly about $0.04.
Keith Nosbusch: John, the only other comment that I would add to what Ted said is part of the cost increases that are not just in the raw materials, they are in the component prices because we did go out and did the best we could to protect our customers with buying components that we thought were going to be in trouble based upon Japan. And we had to buy those components in different markets from different channels than would be our traditional suppliers so we could increase inventory and protect production. And that cost us, and we expect it to cost us a little more money in the second half of the year to be able to do that. And quite candidly, we felt that was a good trade-off and one that we would make basically any day, to do the best we can, as fast as we can to provide a little more confidence in our supply chain to be able to support the growth, particularly at the growth rates we're now seeing. I mean, it's very important to us to keep driving growth and to minimize as best we can any supply-chain disruption, and I've got to hand it to our supply chain people, our logistics people. They have done a great job in managing the front end of this process, and we feel as good as we can about the outlook there. But it did cost us some money to be able to protect, as best we could with inventory, our manufacturing lines.
Keith Nosbusch: Whether or not it's a tailwind will depend on what happens in the supply-chain over the third and fourth quarters, and we just don't have that visibility right now. Obviously, our goal would be to bleed it off and operate with what we would call more normal inventory levels. But that's also dependent upon lead times for that inventory. And we are seeing lead times in some of these components stretched out. So those are the two variables, John. The lead times and the actual availability.
Keith Nosbusch: I was speaking specifically to electronic components. Sorry for not making that clear. It's not around the copper. It's not around the steel and the other pieces that Ted mentioned.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, there's two dimensions to that question. One is we have to qualify any new suppliers. And that takes time. So one is qualifying new suppliers if they did. The second is there's a couple of raw materials that are predominantly supplied in Japan for the world. That's some of the resins for the cases of a component. It's some of the films for the components. So it is a very concentrated industry with some of the plants being in the radioactive zone. So some of this is just total global supply. Other aspects are just about qualifying new vendors to be able to certify their part in our products.
Keith Nosbusch: Absolutely. The current situation would be those performing above Rockwell Automation average would be transportation, which we would include auto and tire in that mining. The verticals that are, at the company average, really are heavily in the heavy industries, oil and gas, particularly in Latin America and Asia Pacific. Metals is getting a little stronger mainly due to the automotive demands and commodity prices that are out there now. And those, that are -- and we're starting to see growth again in the life sciences area at about the company average. And that one was lying previously. Likewise, water and wastewater continues to be a solid vertical. The below average really is around food and beverage. Now I don't want that to be a negative. It sounded like a negative because food and beverage never is dramatically high but it never is substantially weak. And so it just keeps moving along at the expected rate. It just so happens that these growth rates is below the company average. But we still do very well there, and it's a very important segment for us. And within the Consumer segment, we are seeing some improvement in the home and personal care sector, particularly in some of the large project spending, which means there is -- there are new lines coming on in that OEM and vertical segment, which would mainly be things like around converting machines for personal care products or for other aspects of home care. So that's what we're seeing. The strength that at this point in time and that's how we're seeing the different verticals across Rockwell Automation.
Keith Nosbusch: Okay. Let's talk about automotive in China first. You're absolutely right. The last couple of months, auto sales have slowed, and that's really mainly because of the incentives the Chinese have placed in that market have stopped, and also the thought of, are they going to continue to limit the availability of, I'll call it, licenses, in some of the major cities, being Beijing and Shanghai, are the ones most talked about. But we have not -- given that, we are still not seeing any slowdown in the spending or the investments that are going on in China. In particular, some of the multinationals are continuing to expand their joint ventures. And some of the leading Chinese manufacturers, domestic manufacturers, are also increasing their capacity. I think if there is any fallout, it will be in the second tier and third tier suppliers as opposed to the 5 to 10 leading suppliers that are competing very aggressively in China. So we also see there that we are able to work both across the automation space as well as the information space in the automotive market. And that is one of the areas that we have targeted for our information solutions growth, and we are seeing some start of traction in that spaces well in China. With respect to China in general, we continue to see the high growth. This was in the high 30s, and if you remember the last 3 quarters we were up 40 and 40-plus. So obviously, we're going to start lapping some very, very strong growth quarters in the second half of our year. We expect that we will continue to see solid growth. And for the full year, we expect to be a little over 20% for the full year. And we do expect that China will continue to be able to grow at that rate over the short and intermediate term. And we continue to add resources. We continue to expand our distribution and channel capabilities in China and continue to build out the organization infrastructure to be able to absorb that growth. And we're very cognizant of the need to have the resources and the structure and the talent to be able to continue to drive growth in that market. And we know we're outperforming the underlying market growth there. So we feel good about China and its future for Rockwell Automation.
Keith Nosbusch: I think the answer to the question at the end there it's very early. I think, right now, they are still in scramble mode trying to come up with the best evaluation of what does the short and intermediate term look like. Based upon what that tells them, they would then make longer-term decisions, and if it would be to diversify locations and expand their supply chain from a geography standpoint. I think that's a much longer term decision and one that they haven't gotten to the point of making at this time.
Keith Nosbusch: A small number. That's just what I was going to say. It's a small enough number that the accuracy we have to pinpoint that, we're going to see pluses and minuses, and I think we just felt that was the net results of those pluses and minuses throughout the remainder of the year.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, we continue to, I mean, that is the model. We believe small bolt-ons is the way to expand our footprint, expand our domain expertise, fill technology gaps and really allow us to do more for our customers and expand the portfolio. So I'm hoping that we'll have another one to talk about in the near future here. And we continue to exercise the pipeline, and we continue to drive opportunities on a global basis. As I would say, in the last 12 months, 18 months, we certainly tried to expand the radar screen to have a much more interest on companies that are in emerging markets and are able to help us grow faster in those high growth potential areas, so we think we have a solid pipeline. And as Ted mentioned, that is one of the options for cash deployment. And that's why we are trying to balance the cash needs of running the business with acquisitions with return of excess to shareholders whether that's dividends or whether that's a dividend increase or whether that's ramping up in the second half of the year, our stock repurchase. We still have, as you mentioned, a question around a voluntary contribution to the pension plan. That can also impact that. And what we try to do is to make sure we are able to make any acquisitions that we want and after that, we apply it to those other categories. So it is kind of a number of moving parts that we want to stay in sync at all times.
Keith Nosbusch: Jeff, I guess the most clear answer would be, time will tell. At this point, we don't think there's any cyclical transition occurring in our mix. I mean, if you think about Q2 to Q3, I mentioned that we had kind of an unusual $22 million project shipment in the Solutions business, which kind of increased the Solutions versus product mix in Q2. We think in Q3 that goes back to a somewhat normal level. And then we talked about A&S, a specific issue of a very high OEM sales in Europe, with a disproportionate part of that in Motion Control. We also think that goes back to a normal, more normal level as we get through the balance of the year. Frankly, if in the balance of year, Motion Control continues growing at 40% year-over-year, on top of the conversion margin because of that, I'm not going to be disappointed.
Keith Nosbusch: No. I mean there certainly are differences in that business, and we kind of have characterized the A&S segment as really made up of two pieces, if you will. The one piece is the controllers and software. And that has margins above the segment average. We also have, for lack of a better word, peripheral products, which is, where we have Motion Control and a lot of our component, Sensing and Safety businesses. Those have very good product margins. It just so happens they're not at the same level as our software and controllers. And so they are below the segment average. And while those are very good margins, and as Ted said, we'd be happy to report continued growth in any of those, and we have talked about the high rates of growth in Safety. And in EMEA, by the way, we have another high growth rate this quarter. So those two pieces make up a very important piece of our OEM portfolio. And the other positive part of this is we are now selling more of our portfolio on the machines. And that's a real positive for the conversion and for the ongoing building of this annuity at OEMs. And more importantly, why we are excited about building that OEM segment is because at some point in the future, it converts to MRO business. And certainly the MRO business in our products is also a very solid and important portion of the business, not just to Rockwell Automation but for our channel partners as well. So it's strictly a what's really good and what's good. And that's the dynamics that are playing on here with the margin, but we're absolutely excited about OEM business. We're excited about our Motion business, our Sensing Component businesses, our Safety Components. Those are all great businesses. And our goal is to grow on as fast as possible and as a long as possible so we can build an installed base, as well as being the control supplier of choice at those OEMs and sell them everything out of our portfolio. So, I think, that's -- we continue to work on margins in all our businesses, including our controllers and our software. So the goal is how can we improve all of our margins, but the mix continues to be one that given on how that plays out in any given quarter, can move the average A&S margin a little bit up or down.
Keith Nosbusch: No, they're not. Now I will say there is a dimension of motion, the mechanical part, the several motor part. That is a little bit below, but it's still very solid margin business. The rest of the components are certainly very consistent with the component margins we have in our CP&S business as well as the other component portions of our portfolio. So there is nothing fundamentally wrong with any of those businesses that we have to, I'll say, fix. They are just different margin businesses, but they are all great performers.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I would say that the mix and the increased material cost had about an equal impact on conversion margin in the quarter. And there was also a modest negative impact due to currency translation.
Keith Nosbusch: Oh, no. I'm sorry. When I talk about mix, there were basically two mix impacts. One was solutions versus product and then the other was a mix within the A&S segment.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, and what we talked about first half versus second half was in terms of conversion margin is we get to the second half and we kind of lapped the significant spending increases that occurred in the second half of last year. That's one factor. The second was somewhat better mix in the balance of the year and then the third factor was somewhat higher organic volume.
Theodore Crandall: We've put through a price increase, Bob, in most of the world in November last fall. I would say for the full year this year, we were expecting a price realization of something less than a point. Year-to-date, we're running close to that, maybe a little bit less. But we also expect it for the full year that price would significantly offset material cost increases, and that's what we're running somewhat behind. Through the first half, price cost is more of a headwind than we originally expected. Based on our current projections for the full year, we now expect material cost increases to significantly exceed what we get in pricing. But we are, right now, evaluating both the timing and magnitude of our next price increase.
Theodore Crandall: Well, I mean exactly what we buy in the balance of the year is going to depend on, as you know, cash generation, what we end up spending on acquisitions this year whether or not we do a discretionary pension contribution. But originally, we were intending to offset dilutions from equity awards. We're pretty much on track to do that through the first half depending on all of those other factors, as well as where the price is in the second half. We'll decide how much we're going to repurchase in the second half. Right now, we did not assume a higher rate of repurchases that would reduce that dilution effect.
Theodore Crandall: I would say the principal items where we are seeing inflation this year are copper, steel, silver and oil prices and rare earth materials, rare earth elements. Those are the principal areas where we're seeing inflation this year. If you look at Q2, we saw probably in the year-over-year comparison about one point of margin loss to material cost inflation including oil prices related to transportation costs. We have plans for some of that but not all of that. And I would say the supplied areas on a year-over-year basis are more silver and the rare earth elements and oil costs than it is copper and metal at this point of the year.
Theodore Crandall: Let me address the inventory question first. I would say in Q2, there was a modest increase in inventory related to trying to build up, related supply-chain issues in Japan, modest meaning less than $5 million.
Theodore Crandall: If we could get all of the additional inventory, we would like to get to provide some additional safety stock in the supply-chain related to such issues, between now and the end of the year we might add another $20 million. Frankly, I would be very surprised if we could get all of that.
Theodore Crandall: I think, there are really three things related to the incrementals in the second half that represent improvement. First, is we get past the significant spending ramp in the second half of last year, so we lack that as we entered the second half of this year. The second is we do expect somewhat better mix. Keith referred to the very strong growth with OEMs in Europe and the very strong growth we have in the motion control product lines, which are somewhat below average margin product lines in the A&S space. We expect to see that be somewhat more balanced in the second half of the year both in terms of motion control versus the balance in the A&S portfolio, but also in terms of our growth in Europe versus our growth in North America. And then the third factor in some of better conversion margin in the second half is modestly higher volumes.
Theodore Crandall: No, that's not net of the price increase. That's kind of the pure what are we seeing in cost increase year-over-year.
Theodore Crandall: I would say, it has been our practice to put through price increases at a particularly point in the year. We've deviated a little bit from that in the last two years in part because of the economic conditions. But because we sell as much as we do through distribution, we need to give distributors some appropriate warning and time to get the new prices implemented.
Theodore Crandall: Well, I mean, I think, in terms of seeing any impact from a price increase, thinking about first quarter 2012 is reasonable.
Theodore Crandall: I don't want to confirm a 25 basis points headwind but how you characterized it is correct. I would say going forward, in Q3, Q4 we're expecting about the same impact for material cost inflation, maybe slightly higher. And we are expecting a slightly better realization on price in the second half than we've got in Q2.
Theodore Crandall: Well, I think, it would be fair to say we're talking about roughly $50 million. We don't give quarterly guidance so I'm a little bit reluctant to talk about how much we exceeded our expectations or missed our expectations in Q2. But clearly, Q2 was a pretty strong quarter for us so some of that $50 million relates to outperformance in Q2 and some of it is increased sales in the balance of the year. I am not sure, Keith, but I'm not sure I would pick any particular vertical or region to say that, that's, where we have better expectations. It's pretty much across the board. And it's a small number.
