Blake Moret: Sure, how much more color we can provided except that as we mentioned, backlogs are up both year-over-year and sequentially, and I would say it was broad based including in North America. 
Blake Moret: On the organic side, there obviously has been a flattish capital spending and we do see a slower – a slowing of the oil and gas organically. However, on the Sensia joint venture, because the majority of that is focused on producing wells and not drilling new wells, we see it less susceptible to CapEx reductions and that gives us confidence based on our first quarter results and the outlook that double-digits impact part of our overall oil and gas business can take share and grow fast. 
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, first of all, Rob, the overwhelming first priority for us is to ensure that we are looking after our people in the region. And so, we are paying close attention to that to make sure that we can reduce to the very extent possible their exposure.  Second, and on a parallel path, we are undergoing a detailed review of our own manufacturing footprint, as well as our supply base to gauge the potential impacts. At this point, we don’t expect an impact to the quarter’s performance, but as you said, it’s a very dynamic situation and we are monitoring it hourly and looking for new inputs to help inform how we feel about the business impacts. But it’s the safety and well-being of our employees first. 
Blake Moret: Yes, Rob, it’s a great story for us and with our own offerings that we’ve developed ourselves, plus with partners like PTC, the Information Solutions and Connected Services part of our offering continues to grow strong double-digits and we are seeing that it’s a true differentiator in some of the fastest growing parts of the overall automation market like electric vehicles and life sciences.  So, it works perfectly to complement the basic automation that we are providing in those industries whether it’s discrete automotive assembly or it’s process control for pharma, but as they are looking for more traceability, as they are looking for adding the ability to transfer knowledge from older workers to newer workers, augmented reality is a great part of that.  We have mentioned before, about a third of our sales of the software in this space include augmented reality. So it all works together. It’s increasing the hit rate for our MES software, because we have a broader portfolio and it works together well. So, there is a lot of positives in this respect. And I should mention it’s not just for end-users.  It’s also for OEMs, because they are looking for increasing the value of what they are providing and as they look for ways to increase their flexibility getting closer to that zero changeover time for packaging that is hard in the industry today.  Then this has a lot of benefit for them, as well. We had a win in the quarter with Harpak, who you heard from us at the Investor Day in November as they are adding that software to the basic logics control and variable speed drives and so on as part of the basic automation of those systems.  And then as a final point, we have seen, probably a higher degree of adoption of this software on top of competitive control platforms than we originally thought would happen. 
Blake Moret: Yes, let me start with a couple of comments and then Patrick may have got some additional color on that. But as I said, Asia was better than expected. Latin America was worse than expected. North America and EMEA were pretty much in line with expectations. In North America, as we mentioned, we were down by 3% and that was largely due to declines in more process-oriented verticals with the exception of oil and gas.  So, we saw chemical, pulp and paper and metals, and then that was offset by the growth we mentioned in automotive, power and semiconductor. EMEA was up and oil and gas was a contributor there along with a recurrent theme of life sciences. Waste water was a good area for us in EMEA and in Asia, we were up with growth in oil and gas, life sciences, auto, tire and mass transit.  And then, LATAM was down a little bit where weakness in auto and mining was partially offset by growth in power, oil and gas and life sciences. So, that was kind of a rundown of what we saw in Q1. In terms of how the backlog feathers into that, obviously, mainly project, but also with some of the higher value services as well, particularly those included with the Connected Services part of IS/CS. 
Blake Moret: Not yet, is the short answer. I mean, it’s a positive step and supporting the concept of free and fair trade that we’ve talked a lot about in the past. So we think it’s a good thing. But we haven’t seen the results on outperformance yet. 
Blake Moret: Well, as you said, everything we do is about productivity and a huge part of that productivity is efficiency. So, you take our power control offering, variable speed drives, which reduce dramatically the amount of energy that’s required to run industrial processes, tremendous amount of the world’s energy is consumed in factories and simply, not running full across the line when you don’t need it saves a ton of energy and our variable speed drives, low-voltage and medium-voltage continue to be a very strong part of our offering.  Specifically, in the new eco industrial segment that we introduced in November, talking about our support of renewable of water and waste water treatment and mass transit, those are all industries that reduce the amount of energy that are required and it was no coincidence that we created that new segment, because we are going to be doing more in that space.  And then finally, safety, that’s something we’ve talked a lot about in the past and in terms of the technology to be able to automate safety, but also the services that we provided, that’s an important part of ESG. We think that we are number one in the world when you pull all the discrete and process safety technology together, and that remains a really important area for us. 
Blake Moret: Well we – we are guiding to about flat currently with the auto - overall automotive segment for the year. I’d say the growth is highest in the specific EV drivetrain portion of the segment as people have bring in that capacity online whether it’s the brand owner or it’s the tier supplier, and by the way that contributed a lot to our performance.  That was a little better than expectations and if you want it was battery assembly that was a specific bright spot for there. That’s offset to some extent by the reality of a weaker star count for fewer vehicles than we saw a couple years ago being bought. Certainly, a lot of the brand owners are reducing their Sedan portfolio.  But there is still a fair bit of project spend there and in the - particularly in the SUV side of things. And the growth that we saw in the quarter was primarily due to project spend, MRO stabilized, but we didn't see any real growth in MRO in the quarter. 
Blake Moret: Sure, I'll start with the food and beverage. We did see some delays in food. But one of the bright spots and I mentioned it is, we actually saw mid-single-digit growth in packaging OEMs. And it’s early but that’s sometimes a leading indicator as people are putting packaging in place and we did see that across the regions.  We also heard anecdotally from the packaging OEMs that their backlog is fairly good. And so those are encouraging signs. One area of particular strength for us – it’s small but it is still noteworthy India packaging OEMs and I say it’s is noteworthy because India maybe the most competitive market in the world and for us to have a success there is a really younger testament to the functionality and the ability to get to competitive levels there.  I was actually there in visit with some customers including some packaging OEMs in December. And I think there is some great opportunities there and we are going to continue to look at what we can do to grow our presence even faster in the Indian market. But in general, packaging OEMs were up.  We also saw some strength, specifically in beverage. We had a real nice conversion at a beverage OEM that’s going to a well-known beverage user and so that was also good in the quarter. 
Blake Moret: The trend that I think we have seen in the past with chemical and we did see that is the single largest contributor in the quarter. That was primarily in North America, we actually saw an increase in chemical in EMEA, down in Asia, and slightly down in Latin America. So, is it’s offset?  As we mentioned, we actually saw a growth in oil and gas, but the chemical was down in the quarter and most of that was concentrated in North America.
Blake Moret: I would also mention, just for background that, in chemical lot of our exposure in specialty chemical. It’s not as much in the bulk chemical. That’s our traditional focus. There is some overcapacity that we are currently seeing in chemical and some effects from some of the consolidation that’s been going on in the industry over the last couple of years as well. So that’s some additional color that would certainly apply to North America. 
Blake Moret: Yes, and that’s specific application that Patrick is mentioning in Korea was the battery assembly, which is a great application for us. We have mentioned before that, in comparison to the subtractive manufacturing processes for internal combustion engines, now for boring cylinders and things like that that require a lot of CNC content. Battery assembly and motor winding and EV drivetrain, we have a high readiness to serve there and that’s why we think that long-term EV is a great market for us to be in. 
Blake Moret: Yes, I wouldn’t draw that the causality between the two. But as we talked about a lot in November, that greater resiliency to economic cycles is something that we are making very explicit steps to address. And so, in addition to things like Information Solutions and Connected Services providing a lot of increased value to customers and pulling through some of our traditional products.  It does have an impact that we think is already being felt in terms of kind of clipping the trough of some of the normal volatility. Now it’s still a relatively small part of our business, right? But that’s compounding a strong double-digit growth, plus what we do with acquisitions having more recurring revenue makes it more important each year and last year.  We think – for instance, Information Solutions and Connected Services having about a point of organic growth to what we did and you know in a relatively low growth year overall, that’s meaningful.  So, we are going to continue to work on that in terms of both our organic development, the products and the environment to be able to manage recurring revenue. But it’s also a consideration as we look for companies to acquire and the percentage of recurring revenue. 
Blake Moret: Yes, so, as you said, the macro can generally be characterized as weak and there was some downward revisions. And our position to that is some of the backlog that was built in the first quarter and some of the things.  Again like the IS and CS, the Information Solutions and Connected Services backdrop aren’t going to be as coupled directly to some of the broader indicators, if in those areas, we can demonstrate a relatively quick return on that investment, which is often from OpEx then we think that that’s going to be more resilient than some of the other more capital-related spending. 
Blake Moret: Yes, I made a general comment to that and that is, manufacturing - advanced manufacturing is becoming a much more noteworthy part of a company’s overall digital transformation plans. So we see companies like Stanley Black & Decker, as they talk about fairly significant reductions in cost they're being asked to go a little deeper and explain how they are going to get there and we are finding ourselves apart of those explanations as to how we are going to be able to reduce OpEx for these companies.  By having the relationship with PTC and having that increasingly important in IS/CS offering, we are going to have those broad discussions at a higher level than if we were just talking about programmable controller performance or some of the other elements of basic automation.  So it allows us to get higher in the organization and deploy a meaningful part of those overall discussions whereas if we didn’t have that kind of breadth, then we might find ourselves playing a little more deep ends in some of the core components.  So that’s at a high level how a partnership with a company like PTC will pull through some performance in the core products, because they all go together, that basic automation and then the information that sits on top of it to draw insights from the data that’s born in our products. 
Blake Moret: Yes, I mean, we are pushing the team, obviously to perform as if they are in an open field because we think they are. We think that what they are offering is somewhat unique in the market and our original hypothesis that there was a low level of basic automation in the oilfield, particularly the onshore oilfield is proving to be true.  So that things that we are talking about as we are selling the traditional offerings into that space of things like measurement, devices, as well as artificial lift and so on, the ability to commence and to weave that together is really meeting with a lot of interest and some of these are our existing customers, but customers that in the past have bought the products as needed from us.  But now they are saying that we can play a much more significant part in their overall strategy. And I had a chance to talk with some of these customers over the last year in Latin America and in Europe and we are excited and even more excited after the first quarter’s results, because these companies are voting with their wallets.  And again, it’s a solutions-based approach. It’s the measurement devices, it’s the artificial lifts, it’s the software and then it’s the delivery capability to bring this all together to reduce their cost to produce a barrel of oil. 
Blake Moret: Yes, so, mechanically, we still have some tough comps against that big Codelco project in mining that we've talked about over the last year or so. And that project is going very well by the way. In general, in Latin America, we saw modest growth in Mexico and Brazil, but it was offset by weakness in Argentina and Chile and of course a good component of that would be mining-related.  Mexico was up low-single-digits and Brazil was also up low-single-digits. So, I think you are right that some of it is comps. We expect mining to be about flat for the year in Latin America.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. As we have been discussing, I am happy to see our new offerings delivering significantly increased value. We’ve never been better positioned with a more differentiated offering as the convergence of IT and OT creates tremendous new opportunities. And our employees and partners they continue to set us apart and we are really excited about the journey ahead. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, what you can think about it, Karen, what you see in the appendix is the year-over-year incremental piece of Sensia. It’s the impact of the contribution of Schlumberger, which was higher margin business than what we contributed. 
Patrick Goris: And so, therefore, when we talk about overall margin profile of Sensia, we do expect that the 20% EBITDA business going forward. But this year, we think it will be closer to mid-teens. 
Patrick Goris: But the piece that was contributed by Schlumberger and the synergy, the answer to that is, yes. I would also say that our spend increased in Sensia, because we are making some investments in technology and commercial resources. They were a little bit lighter in the first quarter than we expected. That’s why you see that margin in Q1 being a little bit better, as well than what you see for the full year outlook. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, the way you can think about it, Karen is, consistent with what I mentioned to you in November. We think the year-over-year increase will be a little bit less than a 2% and it will be first half weighted. And so, we expect it to be more than that in the first half and in the second half, the increase year-over-year will be minimum in terms of year-over-year spend.
Patrick Goris: Rick, maybe a little bit of color as to our assumptions by region for the full year. So, organic growth at the midpoint is flat year-over-year. We expect both the – both North America and EMEA to be a little bit below that and we expect both Latin America and Asia to be up a little less than 5%, about mid-single-digits. 
Patrick Goris: So, what - but that inflected as we expect in essence better than our guidance, we expect second half of the year as I mentioned improvement and that includes the U.S., I would say, North America. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, see, for the full year, we remain at 0% organic growth. Obviously, Q1, we did minus 1. I would say, Q2, low, low-single-digits, meaning it’s close to what we did in Q1. We don’t expect it to get worse than what we did in Q1 and then for the balance of the year, I’d say, Q4 organic growth a little bit better than Q3. 
Patrick Goris: As we said in the earlier, within Process, oil and gas was up. But generally, process industries were weak in the quarter. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, so, China – auto in China has been down Q3, Q4 of last year and we saw that continue into the first quarter of fiscal 2020. And that includes EVs. And so we are seeing some of the support or the subsidies go away in China and generally, and obviously it’s still a little bit lumpy, because it’s relatively small,  But EV and auto in general, we are certainly seeing some weakness in China. Interestingly, auto in Asia was up for us quite a bit and the reason there we are making some progress with some of the EV companies outside of China including some companies in Korea for example. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, Josh. So, what we mentioned was that the spending in the – the year-over-year increase in the first half will be higher than in the second half. Actually, the second half the way we have it dialed in now is the flattish from a year-over-year spend point of view. However, if, depending on what happens with our outlook for the year, and if we end up doing better what we do at the midpoint.  Clearly, we could decide to release more investments. There is a very long list of attractive investments that we are looking through all the time and we could decide to do more. 
Patrick Goris: Yes, and then, Nigel, for Q1, we would say that North America and EMEA came in basically in line with our expectations. Asia-Pacific came in better and Latin America came in weaker. And for the full year, compare estimate point, we think that North America and EMEA will be down a bit and we think that Asia-Pacific and Latin America will be up mid-single-digits at a less than 5%. 
