Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. We are still operating in a dynamic environment and are laser-focused on execution through the rest of this fiscal year. With that said, we are continuing to accelerate new product development and investments in cloud-native technologies. Revenue from our new offerings, both organic and inorganic is becoming a more meaningful contributor to growth and share gains. We are the largest pure-play automation company with market-leading solutions across discrete, hybrid and process industries and we are adding scale to our differentiated offerings through strong partnerships and strategic acquisitions. Our recent acquisition of Knowledge Lens is adding 600 resources with cutting-edge data science, AI and cloud solutions to our existing digital services business. This expanded team is already working with our key customers on their next-generation plans. I want to welcome all Knowledge Lens employees to Rockwell. Our close relationships with end customers, our best-in-class ecosystem and our talent give us confidence in the continued momentum for growth and profitability this year and beyond.  Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, let me take that first, Andy. We're continuing to add capacity. So at the same time that chip supply is improving. We're continuing to make sure that our labor and our facilities, our redundancy across our integrated supply chain operations is ready to handle continued growth. So let me start there. Now in terms of the demand, this is playing out like we thought it would. We have said for some time now that we did expect orders and shipments to converge as lead times improve. And so that's exactly what you're seeing, but the orders are continuing at a strong pace. And to look at that, let's take kind of a vertical by vertical view, we've talked about the historic generational spending levels in certain of the verticals that are important to us, things like electric vehicle and battery and semiconductor. We're seeing additional expenditures in energy, both as the fossil fuel providers decarbonized and as renewables become a bigger part of our business as well. But we're also seeing across all verticals an increased focus on automation, and that's due to large durable trends, things like scarcity of trained workforce and so the need to complement people with the technologies and the software and the services that we provide. So as I look across that while we continue to pay close attention to macroeconomic conditions, we think the setup for multiyear growth in automation and information is there.
Blake Moret: Yes, a couple of things. Josh, it was fairly broad, but in addition to the usual suspects, the things that we've been talking about for a while now, I'd say oil and gas orders were quite good. We had some major competitive wins in our Sensia business that built some great backlog there. And I would also say within the orders -- North American orders were relatively stronger than Europe and Asia, and we expect that to continue for the rest of the year.
Blake Moret: Yes, Andrew, you should think about that as a slight reduction of the current backlog, which sits at about $5.6 billion, but still held up by continuing strong order rates. So it's not intended to be precise, but on the other hand, it does reflect the trends that we're seeing and that is that as lead times improve, we're able to clear past due backlog, but the overall number stays quite high due to the continuing strength of orders.
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, Plex continues to be a really exciting addition to our offering, and it's playing out like we hoped it would when we made that acquisition. Plex is smart manufacturing platform to be sure, has MES capability, but it also has quality management, supply chain and even ERP functionality for small- and medium-sized businesses. When we bought Plex, they had a great track record in certain verticals like tier automotives, but we knew that with our existing market access, we could expand that into food and beverage and EV and mining. And we also knew that we had the opportunity to geographically diversify their customer base and we're doing just that with wins in Asia and with putting Plex on to Azure in Europe where we've already seen some nice wins there. So it's that synergy that's playing out, and there is lots of room to run with that. So it's working well. I've mentioned before, one of the things that we've done is to take the seasoned veterans of selling cloud-native SaaS software and given them enterprise-wide roles within Rockwell. So software sales leadership, our Chief Marketing Officer and a number of other functions are coming from Plex. So it's not just the technology and the business -- it's also the expertise that we're making sure that we don't vary in the organization.
Blake Moret: Yes. So Julian, let me start. I wouldn't characterize the reduction in backlog is pressured. It's playing out in a way that we would hope it is in that we're clearing past due backlog and improving customer service levels and adding additional orders in the business. So you know historically that Rockwell has been fortunate to be able to ship out products pretty much in the same quarter that we get the order. So this is unusual to have product backlog, and we intend to continue to reduce the lead times and products just as much as possible. At the same time, a 1.27 book-to-bill in our Lifecycle Services business gives us good confidence about continuing demand for longer cycle projects there. So I feel good about the way that this is working. We obviously are focused on execution as well as creating additional demand going forward, but we feel this is a very healthy environment. To your second question about, has anything changed in terms of the component world, being able to get chips. I mean we're always going to have a larger effort than we did pre supply chain constraints on making sure that our designs are resilient, both in terms of reevaluating existing products as well as new products and to make sure that they will go forward unless we have new levels of resiliency in component supply and robust designs to be able to reduce dependencies on any one vendor. So that's here to stay. We do believe, as Nick talked about, working capital with some of the inventory increases to go down, and that supports the good cash flow for the year. So certain of those things aren't going to change all the way back to, let's say, prepandemic, but we do expect a return to more normal levels in working capital and so on as we go forward as the chip constraints continue to resolve themselves.
Blake Moret: Yes. Beyond kind of unusual levels of disclosure about the setup for '24 we've already given. I'm not going to guess further about that, but we do believe that the demand for automation in the specific verticals that I've talked about and as well as a general setup is something that's a positive read going forward. And our intention is to reduce product level lead times closer and closer to what they were before these constraints, but with an incoming order rate far above what they were prepandemic.
Blake Moret: Yes. Nigel, this is a good development in that as the chip supply is easing that's really the primary limiting factor as we're clearing older backlog there. As we've said, we've got about $5.6 billion worth of backlog, and we're expecting that to go down to around $5 billion by the end of the year, but it's held up by continuing good order intake there. And also the contribution from lifecycle services with its strong book-to-bill. So it's primarily the chip supply. We feel good about our ability to continue to add labor in our facilities around the world. We've been adding for some time now, additional equipment. But as you know, we're not really a very capital-intensive operation. So it's not like if we're having to add a lot of heavy equipment because we're primarily an intellectual capital company. And so the equipment that we need has relatively shorter lead times than if we were in heavier manufacturing type operations.
Blake Moret: Yes. So first of all, in terms of the composition of the backlog, I don't think we're seeing any fundamental change in the type of orders. Now obviously, as we move through the backlog has a richer pricing as we work through the year. So that's a good read. But in terms of the number of big EV projects or semiconductor, facilities management systems or independent card or just continuing MRO, I don't think you're going to see a big change because a lot of these investment cycles in those areas are multiyear. We're in it for the long haul with some of these positive areas. Now in terms of where you might see a little bit of the contribution from the moderation in orders, probably the most specific area is as lead times improve, as they are across a lot of our product lines, you'll see machine builders not having to provide orders of the same size to have as many months of coverage of their backlog. So as they're concerned about their cash flow and they can look at shorter lead times, then they can reduce the size of their orders because they don't need as many months coverage for the machines that they've already booked. So I think that's probably the most specific contribution to some of the orders moderation.
Blake Moret: Yes. You said it. I mean, we're seeing some good growth there. We had a particularly strong orders, and there's a very strong backlog in the business. And so as we move through the coming quarters, we expect the positive contribution of Sensia both in terms of growth and profitability to have an impact first on lifecycle services and then more broadly across Rockwell.
Blake Moret: Yes. So a couple of things. First of all, in general, the growth is strong in China across the business. And it's a lot of the same contributors that we've seen in the past with areas like EV and life sciences and so on. So we think that our business there is posed for continued growth.
Blake Moret: Yes. Andre, it's a good pipeline, and you said it. Those are the priorities. That's fairly broad. But within that, there's a lot of information management software in the production world. So there's some decent targets there. Cybersecurity has been extremely successful for us both organically and as we've added additional capabilities through some acquisitions, advanced material handling. We talk all the time about our independent cart technology, about some of the things we're doing in robotics applications as the lines get blurred between robot control and programmable line control, and we think there's some very interesting things going on there. Obviously, you had AI and autonomy to some of these areas, and there's new dimensions for value for customers. And then New York and Asia, we're very happy, for instance, with what we're doing in -- with awesome, the Italian manufacturer of industrial PCs that also has some great software that's forming the basis for some of our most exciting new introduction. So I would say that the pipeline is good across all of those fronts.
Blake Moret: Well, they're all focused on building up their fleet capacity so that they can get a return on these giant investments. You don't get that unless you put more jobs per hour on the door and so they're all working to be able to expand their production output. But if you look on the on the road today, you still don't see a ton of electric vehicles and all of them, if you listen to those goals and you look at the trends, this is a multiyear process and from start to finish lines and the basic materials that are needed for the batteries, through the battery making facilities through the electric vehicle assembly. All of that has to build out to be able to get us to a point where you start seeing electric vehicles come anywhere near approaching internal combustion vehicles on the road. So this is multiple years and all of these manufacturers are focused on debottlenecking that whole supply chain, which is going to be in the news for years to come. I think the one other question. I mean the IRA, obviously, that helps there as well as it does with other renewable providers. We've talked before about First Solar, for instance. We talked about Oxy's 1.5 initiative. So we're seeing more and more of these come online across our verticals and people are doing it because it's important for their business models. And again, that's not a femoral thing. That's going to be over multiple years.
Blake Moret: Sure. Yes, it's broad-based. I mean, we're very happy with the way that our business is balanced between discrete and hybrid and process applications with big opportunities in all of them. I mean, as we talk about EV and battery in discrete, we talk about food and beverage and life sciences, food and beverage is our single biggest vertical in hybrid. And then in process, I highlighted some particularly strong order activity with Sensia, but we also continue to see good activity in metals as well. So it's across all of them. Now in terms of the margin, one to the next there's high-margin opportunities in each one. I would say that the engineered systems are concentrated a little bit more heavily on the process side. Those customers are more often looking for engineering content to complement the hardware coming from the same provider. So you'd probably see a little bit lower margin there due to the people intensivity of that, but good opportunities in the funnel for near and midterm orders across all of the industry segments.
Blake Moret: Yes. So the net opportunity for Rockwell actually goes up as we go from internal combustion engines to EVs, and that's for a couple of reasons. First of all, the traditional drivetrain operations. That's a more subtractive manufacturing process, that's boring cylinders, that's finishing metal surfaces and things like that. And that's largely done with computer numerical control, which is not a technology that Rockwell directly has. We have good partnerships, but it's not something that we provide directly. And so when that's replaced by some of the operations in electric vehicles, most notably, the battery formation and packing and assembly. That's more of an assembly type operation. And there's aspects at the front end of that with batch processes. And those are all applications that Rockwell has great readiness to serve. Then when you look at what you specifically mentioned in the joining part of it, it's more complex press operations, and Rockwell has great press control systems. So as the metal formation becomes more complex, again, those are really good applications for Rockwell with our program of control as well as our expanded drive control. So we feel good about those opportunities. And then added to those basic automation applications. It's the software that's a more pervasive part of the electric vehicle and battery manufacturing process, and we have really good solutions there.
Blake Moret: No. I don't have a specific answer for where chemical is moderating other than to say our focus in chemical is more on the specialty chemical, fine chemical as opposed to bulk chemicals.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andy, let me take that. As far as software and control with what we're seeing in that business and the mix of what we're selling and the strength in the overall market there, we do see over 30% as a sustainable margin for that business. In terms of lifecycle services, we see that -- that's going to be sequentially going up. And we had talked earlier about getting this to double digits. We see that happening in the fourth quarter. And we think that's a good trajectory we're going to expect to see happen beyond '23 as well. So that's where we're seeing margins in those two segments.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. The investment spend for this particular for second quarter, it came up a few million dollars more than what we had in our initial plan for Q2. We are upping our investment spend in the third and fourth quarter. We started the year with, what I would call, a pretty conservative view of what we were going to do on spend, and we were holding some things in our back pocket that if things improve, we would be ready to invest in, and we are releasing that in the second half of the year. All in, that we see total investment spend up for the full year versus what we had previously estimated up by roughly $50 million. It's up year over year $180 million. I previously in the last guidance said it would be up $130 million, it's now up $180 million.
Nick Gangestad: Steve, what we talked about is that the backlog at the middle of the year for us now stands at $5.6 billion. That's versus $5.2 million that it was at the beginning of the year. So up $400 million for the first 6 months of the year.
Nick Gangestad: I haven't provided the product versus the software mix. But in terms of the things that are causing the margin expansion. The biggest factor by far is the volume growth that we're experiencing and the leverage we're getting on that. The second biggest thing that is improving that margin is the favorable price/cost versus where we were in second quarter last year. And then offsetting that, to some extent, to bring it down to a 900 basis point year-on-year increase. We have increased investment spend year-over-year in software and control, and we also are facing noticeably higher incentive compensation. Those are the 2 negative things on the margin in the year-over-year Q2 for Software and Control.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. We think it will be over 30%. It's -- and that's up from what I have said in the past that we see that margin being able to sustain into the second half of the year. At levels fairly similar to what we're seeing in our second quarter. So full year, we're going to be above 30% could be a few percentage points above 30%.
Nick Gangestad: And Rob, just to build on that. In my prepared remarks, I talked about some onetime costs that we took in the second quarter to expand profitability. Some of that is focused in the Sensia area where we made some investments to simplify business infrastructure for Sensia that we think will make it even more -- build it for more profitability in the future. And so that's part of what we're seeing in our second quarter results for Sensia.
Nick Gangestad: Beyond Software and Control, which I've already covered still, when I look at intelligent devices, that's been a little over 20%, about 21% margin in the first half of this year. I think for the full year, it's going to be close to that, maybe between 20% and 21% for the full year margin for Intelligent Devices. Some of the things happening there, we continue to see good volume, good price growth, but as I talked about earlier, for the full year, we'll also be seeing higher incentive comp and higher investment spend. This is one of the places where we've been focusing some of our investment spend in resiliency and we'll see that continuing. So between 20% and 21% for Intelligent Devices. And then soft -- excuse me, lifecycle services. I've talked about sequential improvement. I don't see us crossing the threshold into double-digit margin until the fourth quarter. So I see Q3 being a move in that direction from where we were in the first half where we're in the little over 5% margin. We'll be stepping it up, but not all the way to 10% and then going to 10% or over in the fourth quarter.
