Patrick Goris: Yes. I'd say, John, the growth we had in China was broad-based. We saw growth in some heavy industries, particularly semiconductor but also mining and metals, growth in infrastructure as well. We saw good growth in transportation, particularly in tire, and actually auto was up which was better than what we expected in that country for the quarter. Finally, food and beverage within consumer was also up a bit. So I'd say broad-based in China, including in some heavy industries, but you didn't hear me mention oil and gas.
Patrick Goris: I'd say it's more balanced than before. Before, it was mostly driven by transportation and consumer. This quarter we see significant growth in some of the heavy industry verticals in China.
Patrick Goris: I don't think that this is an ongoing headwind. We had some significant changes during the quarter related to currency. That is impacting that. And then of course, benefit from the hedges year-over-year for this segment was a little bit less.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. From an overall company perspective, the impact of hedges was about $1 million which was about neutral year-over-year.
Patrick Goris: So, Rick, Blake mentioned that auto is up over 20% year-over-year in Q3. Actually, we saw double-digit growth in auto in every region except in Latin America in this quarter.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. There's a couple of things. One is volume is up, right? So that is helping, we get leverage from volume. But also in the second quarter, you may recall we had the year-to-date adjustment related to incentive compensation. So we had an unusually high incentive compensation expense. We don't have that high of a headwind in the...
Patrick Goris: ... in the third quarter compared to the second. So think about volume leverage and then lower bonus incentive compensation.
Patrick Goris: No, Rich. I'd say it was a typical quarter. We always start the quarter a little bit slow, and then it picks up during the quarter, and that's what we saw in Q3.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So in Q4, we expect a little bit of a benefit compared to Q3 related to volume. Some of that – typically in Q4 is a pickup in our solutions business which tends to have somewhat of a negative mix impact. One of the items that's impacting Q4 is we expect our spending to be up sequentially and year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And so that is impacting the Q3 to Q4 performance from an earnings perspective. And then of course from an EPS perspective, we expect a somewhat higher tax rate in the fourth quarter which has a negative impact on EPS.
Patrick Goris: No, Jeff. There is not. The only, call it, increase we have is really related to incentive compensation. We increased the guide at the midpoint by about $0.10, and so there's a little bit more incentive compensation associated with that. And basically, that is being offset by the tailwind we get from a lower headwind of currency translation. Those two kind of net out.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. But it's a much smaller number, Jeff. So last quarter, I said that for the full year, the year-over-year increase is about $110 million, $115 million. Now it's about $5 million higher for the full year. And of that, $3 million was reflected in Q3, a little bit over $3 million, and the rest was reflected in – will be booked in Q4.
Patrick Goris: Well, we have – first of all, from a free cash flow performance, what's helping us from a conversion point of view is the fact that we are accruing bonus which won't be get paid out till the first quarter of fiscal 2018. So that's worth about 10 points or so of conversion. And then the other thing that's helping really from a cash flow generation point of view, not the conversion, is that we're increasing our net income – our earnings performance for the year.
Patrick Goris: I think, it's having another good quarter of cash flow conversion behind us. That's the main driver, Jeff.
Patrick Goris: Julian, I think we see continued strength and growth, but the year-over-year growth rates will moderate because, as you say, the comps get tougher.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. I think as Blake mentioned earlier, actually, the growth in EMEA came in as we expected. And I would say that what we are seeing in the region is the timing of projects is driving some variability in our quarterly growth rates. We're not seeing an underlying trend that's different than what we expected. It's more related to timing of some of the projects we have throughout our businesses. We still expect to grow in EMEA for the full year. It's going to be below the company average. So that has not changed. And there are areas in EMEA where we continue to do well, for example, with machine builders and our mid-range controller family.
Patrick Goris: Well, every quarter, there is some variability. In this case, we saw good growth in emerging Europe, and some of the Western European countries were a little bit less than what we expected. But I wouldn't read too much into that. I think that's normal quarterly variability that we see all the time.
Patrick Goris: Andy, obviously, what's helping us is that some of those heavy industries are not as a significant drag now than they were a year ago or several quarters ago.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. That has not changed. So we'll fund our organic growth, that's priority number one. We continue to look for acquisitions that have a very good strategic fit and that will help us grow faster organically as well. And then after that, we continue to target a dividend with a yield and payout that's at the median of our peers. And finally after that, we return cash through share repurchases. So that remains very consistent.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. Actually, I'd say that oil and gas for us in the quarter, just like mining, they were actually up a little, call it low single-digit. But we think it's more maybe some hovering around the bottom than anything more than that. We're not seeing a big turnaround yet in those verticals.
Patrick Goris: That's why we continue to believe and our guidance continues to assume no year-over-year growth for the full year for both of these verticals.
Patrick Goris: So we're not necessarily known for being good forecasters of currency. But at the current levels of currency, instead of having a tailwind, it could be a small – instead of having a headwind like we have this year, it could be somewhat of a positive. It's still early. Currencies move around, and we'll share with you in November what our assumptions are for fiscal 2018.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. I think, the answer is, Rob, that we – obviously, we look forward to potential tax reform including the lower rates, including an opportunity to repatriate cash, including moving towards a territorial tax system. But absent that, we can continue doing what we have been doing for the last several years. There is no need for us to repatriate the cash that's overseas. It's permanently reinvested there. And as our cash needs in the U.S. are larger than our cash generation, we continue to gross up the balance sheet. And so there is no need for us to change it at this time. The one item that could change that is if for some reason our credit rating would come into play, but I think we're still far away from that.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. I think what we are seeing in a positive sense is diversification. So we haven't talked as much about semiconductor in the past, but that was significant. And that also is a big part of the automation market and metals has actually been positive for us in China. We still look at China as fundamentally a two-speed economy where consumer, transportation, life sciences are growing faster in general, but some of the areas of heavy industries other than oil and gas are picking up.
Blake D. Moret: No, is the short answer. I mean, at mid-single digits growth in fiscal year 2018, that would – the return to incentive comp would cease to be a headwind to us in the fiscal year. Regarding whether we're hiring or not, we are but we're balancing. So, my staff is looking for areas that bring us additional growth, but also looking at areas that aren't as important anymore. And so while the net increase is not large, we're constantly dynamically rebalancing where we need people, whether it's customer-facing employees, whether it's software developers. And so we are in the market and actively hiring, but we're also balancing to make sure that we don't create additional headwinds.
Blake D. Moret: It really is in the run rate. And as I mentioned before, as we're hiring people, we're prioritizing. So there's always a longer list of developments whether it's building out that information platform or it's our core developments in Logix and our intelligent motor control platform. There's always going to be a longer list than we're going to get to in terms of development. So we're asking our teams to prioritize. There is additional spend that's going to the information side, including the cloud but not just that. And as we talked about in the past, there's going to be a mix of organic development. It's a focus area for acquisitions and also leveraging the technology from our partners to make sure that that development burden on Rockwell doesn't become oversized.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. I'll make some comments, and then Patrick will follow up with some additional color. One of the things that we're particularly proud of with auto, which is over 20% in the quarter, is the diversity of where that's coming from. So powertrain is actually performing a little bit better than our expectations. EV, so electric vehicle around the world is a material contributor including in Asia. And so those are very encouraging to us. In terms of traditional internal combustion automotive, that's fairly well balanced around the world, and it's a mix of the brand owners seeking to expand into new geographies, as well as the more frequent model changeovers that we've talked about in the past. And so that diversity has contributed significantly to our growth year-to-date.
Blake D. Moret: I don't think we can really attribute that growth to that specific brand owner. What we're seeing is a lot of activity at the tier suppliers for EV around the world, not just for Tesla. And so it's broad-based. There's a lot of new companies seeking to participate in that business, and we're serving a lot of them. So, I would not attribute it exclusively to the model rebuild now.
Blake D. Moret: We've talked before about a relatively good visibility on automotive programs that goes out for a period of years and confirming the intention of continuing to spend on those programs with the brand owners, with the tier suppliers. We see that as continued strong for the foreseeable future. So certainly through the end of the year, but also beyond. And, again, the spend with us is primarily on some of the items that I mentioned before about model changes and expansion geographically. Over time, a reduced SAAR is going to impact us, but we continue to see strong revenue for the foreseeable future. The other thing I mentioned about the U.S. market is that's been a particularly a fertile ground for us in the information and Connected Enterprise pilots. So a lot of these brand owners are already using our smart products, our Logix and so on, but they're adding the information on top in some of the associated services. So that's additional customer share that we're seeing even in existing operation. So even when they're not going through a model change or capacity expansion as they seek to get better visibility into their production, reducing unplanned downtime, and some of the other key drivers of that new value.
Blake D. Moret: The macroeconomic indicators are solid. So PMI continued strong in most spots around the world. Industrial production continue, so largely unchanged from the last quarter. So we do feel like we're in a period of expansion.
Blake D. Moret: I don't know that we've modeled the mix between the various transitions. There's some puts and takes in terms of the different parts of the assembly in powertrain process. Some require a little more automation, some a little less. I think the biggest single factor is expansion to new customers. So capitalizing on some of the openings we have within the brand owners, continued coverage in the tier suppliers around the world, release of new products that makes a difference, continuing to add value to our partnership with FANUC and others. I think those will have a bigger impact on our revenue growth than the pure split of automation content between EV and IC assembly.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. I think there's a little bit of movement between the different OEMs, for instance, in Europe. We continue to see very good adoption and good growth in our CompactLogix platform at a broad range of OEMs. The variability was really customer-specific. Some of our traditional customers may have purchased a little bit less in the quarter while we're building at some of the newer machinery builders. So that's really the majority of the variability.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. I would also say we do feel confident that we're gaining share in core platforms. So at the growth we're seeing and comparing it against what external measures are available, we think we're taking share in A&S products.
Blake D. Moret: No. We're in an intensively competitive market. I think we're guiding to a little less than a point of price because we're an asset light business, and mainly trade on intellectual capital, cost headwinds are not a significant new headwind for us.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. So first of all, semiconductor and electronic manufacturing and assembly are roughly 5% of our sales. And as you pointed out, they are in a period of investment. That's the chip production, that's the glass panel fabs. We have a particular strength in the facility management control system. So the environmental controls that are so important to those kinds of advanced manufacturing processes are an area that we're quite strong in. Characterized growth centered in Asia, in the U.S. especially, and they are in a period of good spend that's predicted to continue for a while, but there will be a certain cyclical element of that.
Blake D. Moret: One of the things that contributes to the growth as well is for a lot of that business, it involves value add as well. So engineering services, panel fabrication. So it's not just the loose products, but it's also the value add that increases the value of those sales.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. It's still variable around the world. So we mentioned last quarter that we are seeing a bit of a improvement in mining in Asia, for instance, but we're not ready to call it broad-based around the world. We still see pressure from lower commodity prices like copper still below $3 a pound, and we're still dealing with overcapacity in steel, that's putting pressure on that. That being said, we've got some bright spots. So metals has been relatively strong as customers modernize and, in some cases, consolidate facilities but adding automation. In North America, the lower cost of feedstock in natural gas is giving us good growth in chemical. So it's spotty around the world. We're not ready to call a general recovery, but there are spots that have contributed to that relatively improved performance in solutions and services.
Blake D. Moret: I think it's both. I mentioned before the chemical market. Certainly, the continued evolution of our PlantPAx control platform has helped. It's going to continue to help. We've got a lot of developments lined up over the next few years that are going to increase our competitiveness there. But at least is important is the domain expertise. So we're better able to serve, for instance, the chemical market because of the MAVERICK acquisition. And that domain expertise is absolutely critical to foster the trust in those customers that we know how to address their mission critical applications. So I'd really say it's a mix of our improved ability to serve the market, as well as a recovery in some areas and some diversification in terms of our ability to address additional process control applications.
Blake D. Moret: Sure. Happy to do that. As we've talked about, we're very pleased with the evolution of these pilots. We have a couple dozen that we're formally tracking across different industries and different parts of the world. We've made some public announcements about a few of those, Metso, in the mining world as we partner with them, in conjunction with Microsoft, to be able to enhance their ability to add value to end user customers in areas like remote monitoring. Great Lakes Brewing, craft brewery located in Cleveland, is using some of our device-level analytics and some of our reporting tools to get better production visibility. Again, that's one that we're working with Microsoft to deliver that value for them. It's a great story. It's giving value to that individual customer, but it's also something that will, no doubt, expand to other similar operations. It's an easy way to get started and to get the value from the Connected Enterprise, from that integrated control and information without having to send all the data to the cloud in a very expensive and high-risk type of application. In oil and gas, we've talked about companies like Shell in the past that continue to expand their use of our information solutions and connected services. So really across industries and across geographies, we're happy with the evolution. In terms of quantifying the specific value, we think it's contributing to our very strong product growth as customers put that foundation in place. That's where the data comes from. But also we still believe that we're on track to deliver double-digit growth from some of the areas of new value in the Connected Enterprise, the information solutions, and the connected services that customers turn to as they try to integrate that control and information.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. And so the ones we typically talk about and we've talking about together over the last couple of quarters has been oil and gas and then a broad-based mining recovery. And going back a few years, we were used to outsize growth in those areas. And even though we did see low single-digit growth in mining and oil and gas in the quarter, we're not ready to call a general inflection point across the world.
Blake D. Moret: Well, I agree. It is remarkable. It's a source of traditional strength for the company. A lot of that growth has been centered recently in Mexico as Brazil and Venezuela, among others, deal with continuing political uncertainty. And we enjoy in Mexico and in some countries diverse space. So it's not just the heavy industry, but it's automotive, it's food/beverage, tire manufacturers are locating in Latin America. So those would be a few additional comments about that growth. But it's a source of pride for us. So we have that relatively strong share in Latin America.
Blake D. Moret: Sure. Well, just to reiterate, when we look at acquisitions, we look at their ability to accelerate our technology innovation, our domain expertise and/or our market access. And the best ones bring us benefits in multiple of those dimensions. On the technology side, information solutions is a particularly interesting area for us. In domain expertise, process continues to be an important opportunity for us. And then market access, as you would expect in some places, Asia, Europe where we have lower relative share, there are opportunities there as well. We're looking at our acquisition pipeline which is robust, first, in terms of the strategic fit in those dimensions, and we're satisfied and optimistic that what we've talked about before as our ability to grow on top line, have accretive acquisitions, but most importantly have them contribute to the strategy in areas like information management, analytics and so on.
Richard Eastman: Blake, could you speak to the transportation vertical in the quarter, but specifically to the auto? And I'm curious, if we could have a growth rate on the auto and the influence geographically of auto. I presume it's Mexico and U.S.
Richard Eastman: Okay. And just last question and a follow-up. Within the CP&S business, when I look at the quarter-to-quarter incremental profitability for CP&S, what would you attribute that to? Is that to the product growth there being greater than the solutions or...
Richard Eastman: I'm looking from the second quarter to the third quarter, the step up in profitability. I mean, incremental was like 85%.
