Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. This was a tough quarter, but we are aggressively working to temper the impact of persistent and volatile supply chain shortages. We have provided guidance that reflects a detailed view of expected component availability and actions we are taking to increase the flow of product and solutions to the market. We are beginning to see increases in some of the semiconductors we use, we continue to qualify new sources and important new capacity is being built for the technology we use in many of our products. For example, the incremental fab capacity a major supplier is planning to bring online will directly benefit a number of our product families in early 2023. While we do not anticipate supply chain challenges to end soon, we do expect gradual sequential improvement over the coming quarters. I want to thank our suppliers for the recognition of the critical role we play in US manufacturing and industrial applications around the world. We are on track with our manufacturing capacity expansion to ensure that internal equipment and processes support our revenue growth in fiscal year '22 and beyond.  Despite these challenges we are also on offense. We continue to introduce new differentiated technology and services including the January opening of our Israeli Cybersecurity Operations Center to support worldwide customers. Later this year we will release new FactoryTalk, operator interface and design software at our annual automation fair.  We have reduced spending plans in response to the higher cost but we are prioritizing programs that will generate new revenue in the coming years and we are increasing investments that strengthen our resiliency. We continue to focus on accelerating profitable growth within the long-term financial framework that has served us and our investors well.  We complement internal investment with a disciplined capital allocation that is focused on creating value. The capabilities and dedication of our people continue to set us apart. From our manufacturing associates and plants around the world to our salespeople working together with supply chain professionals to meet our customers' most critical needs through our development engineers balancing the simultaneous demands of building component resiliency and launching new products to the teams who are focused on keeping our people safe and productive, we're confident that our extra effort will be remembered as we help manufacturers speed cloth protect and move the world. Jessica will now begin the Q&A session. 
Blake Moret: Yes. Scott I'll make some comments and Nick may add to that as well. But we look at an industry-by-industry view of what the stated investments are in these different industries and what's likely to happen which of these are more at risk if we see the effects of inflation continuing to weigh on the economy and some of these macroeconomic events that have happened here in the last few months.  Certain of the big multiyear investments we think are going to be resilient through that. I'll start with semiconductor. With several hundred billion dollars of announced capacity expansions by these fabs and back-end suppliers I don't think that those are going to be thrown off track by the economic conditions and inflation because there's just such a need for that in the world as we are all seeing. So I think investments in semiconductor in electric vehicle as every company regardless of the current economic conditions is moving to produce vehicles that the world is looking for. Life sciences -- the continued demand for vaccines and other medicines. The digital transformation in food and beverage activities as people are trying to be more competitive and save cost. So as you look across the oil and gas, the high cost of oil and the need to pump more to be more efficient I think there's certain underlying secular trends that are driving that. To be sure in the cycle, we're seeing the impact of chip shortages and huge inflationary pressures. But I think these multiyear capacity expansion projects along with the enormous backlog that we and others have built up are going to create a little different dynamic than typical cyclical approaches. And then finally, we are happy with our position working with these customers who are really involved in the most important capacity expansion. So I think there's a good portion of the investment Scott that have been announced that are going to continue on because they have to meet the kind of demand that we're seeing in the world. 
Blake Moret: Brendan we're – in a time as volatile as this we're looking over a period of multiple quarters as you suggest. And so that first half 9% shipments that is something that feels pretty good but even more importantly it's the kind of orders and the continued low cancellation rates that we're seeing in every region. And as we talked about North America, we'd see strong orders growth and we expect over the full year for North America to be our fastest-growing region. There's a lot of anecdotes of where we have won new business from new customers in different spots around the world and we're proud of those but I don't think it's too early to call some major new share gain movement in those areas. So we're continuing to bring the orders in do our best of shipping it out and then we'll take a look at where we are. But in terms of the order flow not only in North America but across the world in Asia, in Europe with both our core automation offerings as well as the new digital transformation solutions I'm very pleased with the new business that we're winning from competitively held accounts.
Blake Moret: Sure. So in oil and gas our focus is on upstream and midstream. I would say there's a fair bit of activity particularly at our Sensia joint venture in terminals. And certainly a lot of people are talking about LNG but we had some good solutions there throughout our offering, especially in our power offering there. So midstream we are seeing good activity and good funnel. And what – and this goes back to my previous comment with Brendan, we're seeing some places where we're adding some of our new offerings on top of the core automation. So adding the software, adding some of the higher level of services on there as well, again through Sensia, but they're all about adding automation, closed-loop control even autonomous solutions in these operations. So it's really about the upstream and the midstream and the downstream refinery control is not a target application for us, but we're doing a lot of the balance of plant as well as the safety systems. And we did see some nice wins in the quarter with our safety offering as well. In mining, I think you asked about mining and we are seeing some increased activity there, particularly in Latin America, where we're seeing some of our strongest installed base and we're seeing some of that work come to life as well.
Blake Moret: Yes. And if I could add to that Nick and I both talked about actions to speed the realization of price. And we are increasing the number of agreements that will not have to wait for that full lag period, until annual agreements renew at customers. We've done that in certain places. I wish, we had that in place a year ago, but it's going to benefit us going forward as we make those changes.
Blake Moret: Yeah. The vast majority of the orders that we are receiving are for current needs for customers. We have line of sight. Our distributors have line of sight to the projects and the machines they're trying to ship. I've been on the call with several dozen customers as we talked about what their needs are and their plans to expand and the impact on us with that. So the vast majority as we've been talking about is that underlying demand further backed up by the very low continuing cancellation rates there. And I think that, that continues as we go forward. A significant amount of that backlog with no component shortages would be shipping. So the order – the shipment levels would be much greater. But we also do see the impacts of long lead times on the orders as our customers MRP systems are automatically increasing the amount of orders that they're putting in. But it still – it represents underlying demand.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Andrew, specifically to the first part of your question, we’ll head on month-to-month during the quarter. We saw some improvements in availability as the quarter went on with March being noticeably our largest month of the quarter of shipments out we were able to do.
Nick Gangestad: Great. Yes. Thanks Jeff. From the three price increases that we put into place those impact the pricing that we have on our products. There are parts of our business such as Lifecycle Services that those general price increases don't apply to and those are done on a contract and -- and project-by-project basis. So that 17% and the ultimate yield of $400 million that applies to our price increases on our products that we're selling. And that $400 million that will progress through the -- through fiscal year 2022 and 2023. And by the late 2023 that fiscal year 2023 that's when we expect to be at the fully implemented at that annualized $400 million of price increase. As far as the cost impact. For the full fiscal year 2022 versus the input costs that we had in fiscal year 2021 that's what we're saying year-over-year is going to be a $200 million increase. Now we expect that to continue to go up from those input costs to continue to go up. That's why we put the price increases in that we've had in anticipation of further cost increases in the second half of 2022 and into 2023. If it turns out that our projections that we've underestimated the amount of input cost inflation we're prepared to act with another price increase if needed. But right now we believe we have some cushion in 2023 a little bit of cushion there. 
Nick Gangestad: Julian, in terms of our incentive comp that I highlighted are what we often call our bonus. We started the year with a plan, that that would be $130 million. Given our reduced guidance expectation for the full year, we've reduced that from $130 million down to $80 million. That $50 million reduction from our original plan, is evenly balanced between first half and second half. In terms of investment spend, you're correct. We started the year saying, we expect investment spend to go up approximately $200 million, we now expect that – we scale that spending down to now instead of increasing $200 million to only increase approximately $100 million and that will be part of the benefit that we expect in margin in the second half of the year.
Nick Gangestad: Nigel, I'll take the first part of that what you've calculated for the type of earnings in Q4 that's in the zone of what we're thinking to. You've interpreted that correctly. In terms of the elements that are driving our margin expansion in the second half of the year there's several things. First is -- and the biggest is the volume versus the first half of the year and versus last year that's the biggest. The flip we see on price costs moving to the positive is the second piece, and then the lowering of our spend is the third piece. Now, in particular, your question about price and the timing it takes for us to be getting the price that's -- it's really a function of what I talked about in my opening remarks about we have many of our customers on annual agreements. And when we announce a price increase, they do not see that price increase -- even if it's going through distribution, they do not see that price increase until their next annual agreement renews. So, that can create noticeable lags from the time we announce until we're actually realizing that increase. That Nigel is the primary thing even for things through distribution that caused that lag.
