Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Emma. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO. Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include, and our call today will reference, non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call will be available on our website for replay for the next 30 days. For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today’s call. Additional information and news about our company can also be found on Rockwell’s investor relations twitter feed using the handle @InvestorsROK, that’s @Investors R-O-K. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our Company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in our SEC filings. So with that, I’ll hand the call over to Blake.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Blake. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Emma, let’s take our first question.
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Emma. Thanks, everyone. That concludes today’s call. We appreciate your support and look forward to talking to you soon. Have a great day.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. Strong order trends and record backlog underpin a robust top line outlook for fiscal 2022. As we said last quarter, we are making investments in our capacity, technology, and people to support our future growth. We are investing in our operations to expand capacity by $500 million per quarter, while at the same time increasing the resiliency of our supply chains. We made significant progress in the quarter to release FactoryTalk SaaS offerings, including new Plex smart manufacturing platform capabilities, and we’ve expanded FiiX’s applied AI capabilities. We also released the next version of Emulate3D to further our capabilities in creating and operating digital twins of production systems. A significant release of new Logix functionality is scheduled for next quarter. Importantly, last year’s accelerated organic investments have allowed us to release new secure remote access functionality and cloud-based data management of automation design information earlier than originally anticipated. In summary, Q1 was a great start to the year. We’ve been very busy capitalizing on the opportunities we see today, while at the same time building for the future. I want to take a moment to recognize the people in our organization and the tremendous work that went into these results during especially challenging times. We are making significant investments in existing and new talent and are empowering them with the technologies and resources to be successful. We continue to encourage fresh ideas from across the organization and look at ways to increase our value through the customer’s eyes. I feel confident that investments in automation and digital transformation have never been more top of mind than they are today. As a pure-play leader devoted exclusively to these areas, we think our agility, our differentiated portfolio of products and services, our significant domain expertise, and our ecosystem of best-in-class partners, make us the best positioned company to benefit from what should be a significant, multi-year growth cycle. Let me now pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session.
Blake Moret: I think – Scott, I think we’re still climbing the adoption curve there. But everybody is aware of the promise of being able to simulate production systems before actually starting to run material through the line. And this is one of those areas that I think the pandemic accelerated, because you couldn’t get everybody that you traditionally would have wanted to be on-site, shoulder to shoulder on a line commissioning a new line. And so the ability to go and to digitize your system to be able to tune it, to be able to get a good picture of what should happen takes you much further down the path without actually having to have people together and running product through a line in the traditional way. So we see the most advanced companies well into proofs of concept. We’re heavily involved with them on that. And I should add, this is an area that the Kalypso acquisition and then followed by the more recent AVATA acquisition has really helped to complement the technology that we have with Emulate3D and some of the new Logix capabilities to have the people who can describe that holistically at the higher levels of the organization that are required to sign off on that sort of initiative has really been helpful for us.
Blake Moret: No. I think a couple of things. First of all, I do think that this cycle is going to be a little bit unusual. Now there’s always some differences from one cycle to the next. But I think this one maybe a little bit elongated, because with the amount of longer-term capital investment in verticals wide semiconductor, where that new capacity is not going to come on for a while, where they still have to build an ecosystem of local partners around these big fabs. I think we could see a cycle that actually lasts a little bit longer than maybe that mean in the past. In terms of demand and being able to supply into this, right now, the bottleneck is the chips. We’re working through that, but I still think that the material is getting out there and we are going to see the completion of these projects. I can’t – I haven’t seen any evidence that people are not moving forward with their expansion plans because of supply chain constraints. They’re slowing them down, but everybody is trying to come out of the pandemic better positioned than their competitors in terms of capacity and new offerings, and I don’t see that changing.
Blake Moret: Yes. Andrew, just specifically in terms of the things within Software & Control, as we’ve talked about, cloud-native software development in multiple products within the FactoryTalk Hub that we explored a little bit during Investor Day. There’s also new visualization tools, hardware and software that are under development and then new hardware functionality around the Logix control system. We’re going to have major new product releases in all three of those areas in the next 12 months.
Blake Moret: Yes. Jeff, the other main component, I’d say, of the equation is the very large entering backlog that we have there. So these orders – continued orders growth comes on top of historic levels of backlog. And even the longer lead time orders, and I’ll describe that a little bit, those will likely shift or a large part of that will shift in the fiscal year. So when we say longer lead time, that doesn’t necessarily mean it’s pushed down beyond the end of fiscal 2022. To be sure, we’re going to have very large backlog in any scenario at the end of fiscal 2022 setting up for fiscal 2023. But let me give an example of what those advanced orders would be. So you think of an OEM that has big backlog in their own shop of machines to be built, and they would typically buy, let’s say, three months of components from Rockwell, controllers and drives and servo amplifiers and so on. Because of the longer lead times, they may extend that out to six months’ worth of component orders that they’re placing on us. So that’s the example where they have the demand. It’s not speculative they just increased their advanced orders in that respect. And we look carefully at both that customer demand as well as distributor order patterns. We’re working closely with them, and that gives us the confidence to say that this is representative of underlying demand that goes right to the end user.
Blake Moret: Yes. It’s in line with the idea that we’ve talked about of accelerating profitable growth, and we remain committed to the IDN or seeing this play out that nothing expands margins like top line growth. And so we think that we’re striking a good balance between the near-term profitability and the investment to create an even brighter future.
Blake Moret: Josh, it’s supply chain constraints. We’ve got this enormous demand that’s a result, I think, of three basic things. First of all, it’s the secular trends that you’re seeing play out across industries and geography, placing a higher degree of importance on automation and digital transformation than ever before. So it’s secular. It’s also cyclical. We are still early in what we believe is going to be a multi-year period of economic expansion. And then finally, it’s our position in this market. And I think all three of those things are driving the demand.
Blake Moret: Yes. And just a final point just to summarize, fiscal 2022 sales would be higher were it not for the supply chain constraints. So we’re managing, as Nick said, our capacity, our labor based on very dynamic practices hand to hand around the world, making sure that we’re acquiring talent, keeping talent, paying competitive wages, all those things, we’re keeping ahead of it.
Blake Moret: Yes. The other point I would just add is we’ve continued to see this order momentum for multiple quarters now. And the trends are extending into January. So we see it, again, as reflective of underlying demand in multiple industries, and we can point to the specific investments based on the large greenfields that have been announced as well as on the ground individual salespeople from distributors, from our own people who are directly involved in these projects. So we feel very good about the overall demand.
Blake Moret: I think its new investment. I would not look at it as shifting manufacturing, although I think manufacturing in North America is probably a larger percentage of a company’s global investment than it has been traditionally. So I don’t see people closing plants in Asia, for instance, and bringing them back as the majority of what’s driving the demand. But I do see, as people are planning new capacity, whether it’s brownfields or greenfields or upgrades adding digitization solutions to existing capacity. I see North America, and that obviously is our strongest market, as being an outsized beneficiary. So automation, in general, as I said before, from a secular standpoint is increasing. Then in the cycle, it’s still early. And our position in high growth, high investment areas of both geography and technology are positive in what are driving a lot of this outlook.
Blake Moret: Yes. And I would just say continued very strong backlog. So just a simple math of what we shipped and what we booked indicates the backlog remains and even grows. So that remains healthy.
Blake Moret: Sure. Just specifically on China, if we look at the verticals that contributed to that strong double-digit growth, there was a Tire, which, in general, of course, continues to be a great vertical, and there’s a lot of tire activity complementing the EV activity going on in China, and we’re a beneficiary of that. Food and Beverage is an area where that worldwide is our single biggest vertical. And we’ve had some great recent traction within China in Food and Beverage, Chemical and then Mass Transit. So these are industries that have generally been pretty good for us in China. And when I talk about new ways to get to market, it’s really complementing our traditional distribution. But we’ve also given our local leadership more empowerment to make investments that they say are appropriate with our relatively lower share in China. We think by doing basic things correctly, there’s lots of room to run. And it’s a combination of our core products as well as the new ways to win, Information Solutions & Connected Services. And those are really seen as a calling card getting into customers even when their installed base might be with competitive product, it’s a way for engaging high level decision makers as we bring that new value to them. And those companies across Food and Beverage and Life Sciences and EV, they’re all intensely interested in climbing the productivity curve fast. And so that’s where we see particular endorsement of our software, which is a strong contributor in China as well as new disruptive technology like independent card, which we continue to win some very large orders in China based on independent card, particularly in EV and battery assembly.
Andrew Obin: Just first question, you guys sort of said that first quarter was better than expected and second quarter was a little bit weaker. And I think you cited price/cost and supply constraints. I guess the question we’re hearing is that for a lot of companies actually the fourth quarter seems to be a big pinch point and you guys managed to do better than expected in the fourth quarter. So what specifically, I’m just trying to figure out how it is you were able to get stuff out of the door in your first fiscal quarter. And why would it get worse in the second quarter? Thank you.
Andrew Obin: No, that makes sense. And maybe a follow-up question on Software & Control. You highlighted high planned investment spend. Can you just – versus your expectation, I just wanted to figure out where was the margin on Software & Control versus your expectation for the quarter? And how much of this investment spend were planned? And how much of it was discretionary in the quarter? And what were you spending money on? Thank you so much.
Andrew Obin: Thank you. This is super useful. And it was fun to hear Jim last night compliment you on your software growth as well. Thanks a lot.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Our deal is what we were going to be getting for the first half of the year from for chips as our most significant component that just hasn’t changed. Some of them came in a little earlier, and we were able to ship things out in the first quarter. The first half view of what we were going to get just did not change, Andrew.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andrew, it’s – the Software & Control margins were actually just a little bit better than what we had in our internal planning. The investment spending is right in line with that total – for the total company, where, three months ago, we said that we’d be upping our investment spend by approximately $200 million. Our first quarter, we executed exactly on that plan. It’s roughly $50 million a quarter – over each quarter of last year that we’re increasing. And that spending is as planned. We were also impacted in the margin in the first quarter by our continued spend on the acquisition integration costs. We expect that impact on the margin will diminish in the coming quarters as we work through the integration. So for the full year, Andrew, I know you didn’t ask it quite this way, but we think the margins are going to continue to grow in Software & Control. We don’t think it’s going to be of our total company margin expansion of 150 basis points, we largely think of Software & Control as largely flat compared to last year and the most of our margin expansion coming from Intelligent Device and Lifecycle Services. Now specifically, what we were spending on, we were spending on product development, software development in Software & Control. We also are spending more on our customer-facing selling resources and Software & Control is one piece of that as we are building more specialization in how we sell in some of the Software & Control products. So those are a couple of things that we’ve increased our spending on. Blake will add a little more detail on that.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Jeff, in terms of price/cost, you’re exactly right in what you’re theorizing there. Price costs were negatively impacting us in the first quarter. They will even more negatively impact us in the second quarter, bringing that first half impact to that roughly 200 basis point negative impact on margin. Then from there, it starts to ascend the price/cost, and that will be getting substantially better in the third and fourth quarter on price/cost. And that’s largely how we had this planned out at the beginning of the year when what we shared three months ago. I think the only dynamic that’s been happening throughout – in the first three months is we are seeing costs go higher, and we’re seeing our planned price actions go higher as well. So both of those moving in tandem to keep our net price/cost exactly what we said three months ago.
Nick Gangestad: No. I mean, of course, Jeff, that would be great to think that will happen, but we’re not planning for cost relief. We are planning for continued cost inflation going in. It will be the price part and the phasing in of our pricing that will be positively impacting us in the second half of the year.
Nick Gangestad: The single biggest thing that was driving that margin expansion in the Intelligent Device – and we had high expectations for Intelligence Device margin as well in the first quarter. But what drove it even higher is the higher sales than what we were expecting. And that’s why I’m guiding that we’re not planning margin expansion there in the total company sequentially because what we see for a bit of benefit from higher revenue in the second quarter as the low to mid-single digits I talked about, that will be largely offset by price/cost getting a little worse in the second quarter. Now what I would just describe in terms of our overall pricing philosophy here is we are seeking to price in a way to offset our input costs. And we’re not pricing in a way to generate even more substantial profit after that but to largely offset the input cost inflation that we’re seeing. We see opportunities for how we can be using our pricing to be gaining share around the world. And we are basically trying to offset it. That’s why at three months ago now, we still see it slightly as a benefit to earnings per share but not a substantial difference there between input cost and price.
Nick Gangestad: Hey Josh, one thing I’ll add is we’ve invested in our own internal capacity that we do not see that as a constraint. So as Blake said, it’s that component’s availability and getting that, and we’re equipped and ready to go for that as that ramps up.
Nick Gangestad: Hey Julian, we – based on what we’re seeing and what we’re expecting, we do think we are going to see order growth in our second quarter year-on-year order growth. And then second half of the year, you can do the own math of calculating what that would mean – of what that means if we’re at $9 billion. Like whether it’s up year-on-year or down a little, I think that’s a little too fine of a point. But what we’re seeing in second quarter so far, we think that’s in line with that, and we think it’s going to be growth year-on-year.
Nick Gangestad: I’m going to take the second part of the question first, Julian. When we talk and think about price cost, it is exactly what you’re saying, what we’re paying for all the inputs as well as logistics costs. Labor is something that we’ve largely managed around productivity and what we’re doing there to improve the efficiency and productivity of our operations often are incentive to more than offset what we see of wage inflation there. So when we talk input costs, we’re in the cost – price cost deflation, its input costs and logistics. Now in terms of pricing and our overall guide, yes, we have chosen to keep our organic growth guide the same three months ago, when as I indicated a 2% – roughly 2% price growth that we were planning for the full year. We think that’s going to go up. I’m not going to put a new number on it because we – I mean it’s a dynamic situation with price and cost, but we see that number going up. We’re focusing more on the net, keeping those net in balance and what the two parts of that equation are. So we kept the guide the same. I think it’s likely in one quarter from now with things like FX, things like price, we’ll be incorporating all of that into the guidance.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve. We – if I snapped the line earlier this week, it would be between a 1% and 2% negative impact. We chose – I chose not to be updating because it’s volatile and we have enough volatility. I didn’t want to be updating for just one component and not updating for all. So we have FX that’s if I snap the top line right now, a little bit worse than our initial guide. We have price that is better than our initial guidance, and we have input costs that are higher than our initial guide. All in, we think that leads to an aggregate where we think our top line growth and EPS growth that we said three months ago still make the most sense.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Your numbers on Plex are just in terms of revenue, that’s exactly where they were. Orders were substantially higher. My ballpark looking at it is about 20% higher than what our revenue was.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. I mean the biggest two things, Steve, or what I’ve already talked about, in terms of revenue, we see continued sequential improvement as we are estimating and improved access to electronic components as we progress into our second half. In terms of margin and profitability, the single biggest dynamic is – that’s going to be driving the margin up is the flip on price costs from negative to positive in the second half. And then also benefiting the second half is the improved leverage with the added sales that we’d be having. That’s the biggest dynamics going on in the second half. There isn’t a another big thing going on there.
Nick Gangestad: We – Andy, we remain confident that we’re guiding exactly where we think it will be, but those small things that you’re talking about, those are like more on the fringe that we think our guidance is based far less of a view of demand and far more by what we see of our ability to be procuring components and that view has not changed, and we continue to think where we’re guiding is exactly what we’re going to be able to deliver this year.
