Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's third quarter fiscal 2010 earnings release conference call. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, a webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith and that will include highlights of the third quarter and thoughts about our outlook for the remainder of fiscal 2010. Then Ted will provide more details around the third quarter financial performance and our revised 2010 guidance. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks and we want to get to as many of you as possible, so please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. We expect the call today to take about an hour. As is always the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Keith.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: I think we can take two more callers, but we got to make each one pretty quick, so we can get it in the next three minutes or so. So let's try and take the last two.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks everyone for joining us. We're going to wrap up the call. And we look forward to talking to you next time. Thanks.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's call. The economic recovery continued through our third fiscal quarter, even somewhat stronger than we expected, and our results reflect that in a very positive way. Our revenue performance was outstanding with 25% year-over-year growth and 9% sequential growth. I was really pleased to see the broad-based nature of our revenue growth with all regions contributing to the strong year-over-year performance. Product revenue in the quarter was once again better than our expectation. Year-over-year growth was over 35%, more than 10 points higher than the year-over-year growth rate in Q2. We turned the corner in Q3 in our solutions and services business. As expected, we saw a year-over-year growth for the first time since the second quarter of fiscal 2009. And the solutions and services book-to-bill ratio was a healthy 1.1 this quarter. Operating margins improved 7 points year-over-year, primarily on the strength of volume leverage and we increased spending to fuel future growth. There are some other highlights of the quarter. We had strong growth in emerging markets with exceptional 42% growth in China. Latin America had very strong year-over-year growth and solid sequential growth, and we exited the quarter with record backlog in this region. We continue to make progress globally in our process business. Process revenue grew 16% in the quarter. Our process business in Asia grew over 40%. And we had significant wins in new applications for pharma, chemicals and power. And legacy DCS conversion opportunities continue to grow. Our momentum with OEM machine builders continued in Q3 as our revenues spanned the wider footprint of customers and machines. We continue to generate considerable free cash flow in Q3. Our balance sheet remains very solid. And based on our confidence in our ability to generate cash throughout our business cycle, in June, we raised our dividend by 21%. These great results are a testament to our talented and dedicated employees and partners and their steadfast commitment to our customers' success. Let me set the stage for our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. There has been some noise in the macroeconomic indicators, but generally they remain at relatively healthy levels and we aren't expecting any significant changes in the near term. The is increased concern about sovereign debt issues in Europe, but we have not seen any slowdown in orders or frontlog activity to date. In industrial markets, MRO, small and OEM demand is stable. While quotation activity for larger capital projects is kicking up, customers in developed markets are still cautious about committing to large capital spending. And we have not yet seen a pickup in larger capital project orders. So with that as the backdrop, let me provide more specific expectations regarding our Q4 outlook. We are confident we will see sequential growth in solutions and services revenue in Q4, given the backlog coming into the quarter. For our products businesses, we believe that Q4 revenue could be about flat compared to Q3 after the effects of normal seasonality in Europe and the end of restocking in our channel. In total, we expect revenue to be up sequentially in the fourth quarter by about 4%. Given these expectations and with three quarters of solid performance under our belt, we are providing a revised outlook for fiscal 2010 full year earnings per share of $2.95 to $3.05 on revenues of approximately $4.8 billion. Let me close with a few comments. We have performed very well in the early part of the recovery. I am confident in our strategy and our ability to execute. We are well positioned to take advantage of improving market conditions as we proceed through this cycle. Although the macroeconomic outlook is uncertain, we are optimistic that the global recovery will continue, and we have begun to make some incremental investments to support our future growth. We remain committed to delivering shareholder value by prudently investing in high-return growth opportunities and appropriately returning cash to shareholders. Now I'll turn it over to Ted.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I'm not so sure if that's the news, because we kind of expected that based upon the fact that we had book-to-bill ratios over one for the first two quarters. And so the fact that we turned the corner is significant, given that it's the first time in five that we've been there. But it was totally expected. And it happened pretty much universally around the world. We had continued strength in certainly the process space, which is in area that we, as you know Bob, we've been very focused on. And the fact that we're now generating revenue growth on a year-over-year basis in the process space is very good news for us. And I would say that may be the bigger news, the fact that not only have orders been positive, but we have turned the corner on revenue in the process space. And obviously our revenue was made up of products and solutions. And certainly this was the quarter that our solutions business turned positive in process. And that's very encouraging, because we think that's a precursor to stronger long term growth as the project business continues to evolve in some of the more late cycle businesses. So I think it's the area of process and the growth there that we're mostly (involved) in, and I think an indicator of a real turn.
Keith Nosbusch: Apologies here. Well, I think what that says is that we're still not seeing the larger projects in more of the mature markets. And we have been seeing the projects in emerging markets over the last couple of quarters. And in fact in some of the emerging markets, this business is lumpy as you well know, but we were seeing orders. It's just that we're not seeing the rep and the build of the pipeline across multiple geographies and multiple industries. So I think the dichotomy is only in the magnitude of the growth and where it's occurring. And I think the large project business comment was really around mature. If you remember, in the second quarter, we said that hit our high end. We expected to see project growth in our third and in particular our fourth quarters. And the comment about not seeing that yet is really around that characterization, and that's mainly in the U.S. and Western Europe. So a little bit of a mixed bag there, but I think more mature as opposed to emerging market commentary.
Keith Nosbusch: I would say that that did not impact our sales at all in the quarter. And in fact we were able to work down some of the backlog in the quarter that we built in our second quarter because of electronic shortages and allocation. And our operations team and supply chain people have done just a great job bringing in the parts. And I would say right now, we're basically back to the normal flow and normal lead times. And I'm speaking now as of basically the end of July. So we're not expecting any impact going forward. Obviously, the result was spot. One component issue that can bite your butt, but our team has really done a good job of working that. We've made substitutions as you mentioned. We did redesigns in our engineering community. So right now, we're not expecting any impact, or seen any impact from the allocation of electronic components, which is an industry wide phenomenon.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. But just to be clear, the upside was across our product businesses. Obviously A&S, to your point, is all a product business. But also, CP&S had very similar growth in the product businesses of industrial control and our drives businesses. So it was across the product portfolio, what we determine to be over-performance from our earlier expectations. The verticals that we saw this in, really the continued strength in auto and tire that we believe certainly performed above the company average. Water and waste water continue to perform very well globally. And the consumer products markets, in particular food and beverage is where we saw the additional increase.
Keith Nosbusch: No, not in Latin America. We do have a very solid OEM business there, but the majority of that would be in areas such as mining, such as oil and gas, and a little bit in automotive and consumer. But it's more of a resource based region, and it's probably the smallest region for OEMs.
Keith Nosbusch: I am not sure I can go regionally very well, but certainly the third quarter is probably one of our most steady quarters if you will. There's really no large deviation traditionally, if you will. And I think this quarter played out exactly like that, where we were able to see continuous progress. The last month tends to be stronger, but not significant like you will see in a September, or in many cases a March. So this tends to be a pretty flat quarter. That's what this generally was. And I think that what we're seeing so far in July would be sales and order rates that are consistent with the increase in the guidance that we gave. So I would say a continuation of Q3 performance and what we baked into the increase in guidance.
Keith Nosbusch: Obviously, with the performance of A&S this quarter, you would expect that logic had a good quarter. And in fact, they did. Our logics business was up 36% year-over-year. And actually the legacy processors were up even better, 39% year-over-year. And that was really driven by the strength in MRO and the small project business, with some additional benefit from restocking. So I also just want to remind everyone that across the cycle, we're expecting that legacy processors will continue their 10% decline. But certainly, given the dramatic drop last year and the increases this year, we're seeing legacy being a very solid plus contributor. But we're very pleased with the logics growth and in particular compact logics and the fact that that continues to demonstrate the scalability of the architecture and the success that we're having continuing to convert and build our OEM conversion pipeline. So good performance out of both pieces of the processor family.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I wouldn't say it's a significant change in the relationship. I think it's a continued evolution of what we've been working on to where we're trying to continue to align the portfolio of instrumentation with the process control and to deliver an integrated solution, and to do that seamlessly through our sales and our collective organization. So I think what you may be detecting is, we're continuing to align all the geographies, all the regions, all the players together, and that's something that just takes time and continued evolution, but that really was the goal and the strategy from day one. I think we're executing better; I think we're also integrating the portfolio better together, to where it's not just about sales, but also about delivering customer value from the asset management, the integration of the software packages and our ability to collaborate in the selling model, both at end users and OEMs. So I think it's just the maturing of the relationship, a continued expansion of the interoperability, the alignment of the networks. E&H has come out with some very strong product portfolios that are connected on Ethernet IP, which is a very significant advancement to once again, to create the integrated architecture and to have a information and asset management capability across the discrete and the process sides. So I think what you are seeing is more traction, more interoperability, more of our collective portfolios that plays well together. And quite candidly, we do see that continuing to improve, and obviously the goal is that it grows both of our process businesses at a faster rate. And certainly that's what each of us is looking forward to.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly we believe the strength in legacy was driven by mainly two items; MRO, because it has a huge install base, and certainly as the continued strength in manufacturing occurs, those assets are being used and need to be upgraded and maintained. And the second is once again the fact that we have such a large installed base. When they are doing small upgrades locally in an area that had the older systems in, many times they choose to just keep that current vintage of products. So it really doesn't have anything to do with trading down. The functionality and cost really is not a driver between the two platforms at all. It's more of what the customer is trying to do for their long term architecture and control strategies. So it's strictly, from our perspective, the recovery of manufacturing and the need to support an installed base and support of small modifications and adds to existing lines. With respect to auto, auto was above the company average year-to-date, and in the quarter it was up a little bit sequentially. But certainly, the strength in, and we really talked about it as transportation, so we locked tire in there. And tire has been very strong, and in particular in Asia this past quarter and globally the past year. So I think that those are the two combinations there.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly our thinking is that MRO expansion can (inaudible), at least from an incremental growth perspective. And we do need and we do expect the larger project spending to occur. For the continued growth that we're talking about, we have seen pickups in the frontlog on these large projects. People are still conscious in pulling the trigger. And I think they're just waiting to have, I should say, a little more clarity and a little more certainty in what both economic environment looks like as well as the regulatory environment to know what are the implications longer term of those investments. But we certainly believe and we think we're on that path towards increased project spending, particularly in the matured market into the next year.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, we've started to see a little more pickup back into the oil and gas area in our third quarter. Also, as we had mentioned, with some of the growth in Latin America, we're seeing the mining areas and resource-based areas picking up as well. So I guess I would say, in general, we're seeing it now starting in some of the heavy industries, not necessarily in metals and pulp and paper yet, although there is a little more activity. But certainly, those other heavy industries is what we're starting to see the pickup with continued solid spending in infrastructure that we've seen earlier.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, lagging, it wouldn't just be in A&S commentary. It would be a vertical in general. Certainly we believe metals continue to be weak. And life science is stable, but not a lot of additional spending going on there yet. So I would say those are the ones that are the weakest at this point in time and probably will continue to be a slow growth model going forward. And certainly, I would say the other area that just can't keep running at the rate it had been would be some of the infrastructure spending that was a key part of the China stimulus. That's going to, I'll just say, ramp down to a normal run rate, which is still solid growth. But when they executed their stimulus, what they did was pull forward projects that were already planned and certainly accelerated those. And that will continue to play out. But their infrastructure investment, I will say, will come down to a normal pre-stimulus spending as time goes on.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, actually there was some good news in the heart of Europe. There was growth in the E, if you will. In particular, we saw very strong year-over-year growth in Germany and Italy in particular. And I would say the reason for that, Jeff, is OEMs and a bunch of that export as well. So I think export in OEM Europe is doing well. And certainly some of the other spaces, as probably you know, are a little tougher. But we did see it in Europe, and we have the other growth area probably in the quarter that was stronger than others would have been, what was in the Middle East, some of the emerging areas. So those were the highlights in EMEA. And certainly we're pleased with the growth there. As you know, for us, Europe turned down later than the U.S., and we think now it's probably on recovery by a couple of quarters behind the U.S., just like it was a couple of quarters behind going in. So we are starting to see light back in European region.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I maybe have been in it a long time, but all of these tend to be somewhat unique in what you think versus how it plays out. So this one I think would surprise me after how spastic drop was how fast and the initial rebound came back. And in particular, as we've been saying now for the last couple of quarters, the products business exceeded our expectations. Certainly we knew that it was at an unsustained low level, but I think the speed of the product recovery certainly surprised us, given the drop that we saw 12 months ago. I would say the other difference that we're seeing compared to other recoveries, I think it's less aggressive of the return of larger project spending. I think there is just too much uncertainty in the environment and there is lots of dimensions to that. But I think that is more cautious indeed in companies wanting to spend more money at this point in time. And I think they're trying to continue to drive productivity, continue to drive their existing assets and resources even harder. And I would have said that in a normal recovery that comes back at this rate, you would have seen a more aggressive larger project pulling the trigger on it than we're seeing at this point in time. So I think those are the two big picture activities that we've seen and that we're obviously monitoring very closely to once again try to determine what the shape is ultimately going to be. And that larger project commentary is really around the mature markets. And I would say the other thing that is different this time is that the world is much more connected in this cycle than in previous ones. The economies, the supply chains, the international businesses, there is just a much more global picture of the way decisions are made and the way the action, reaction occurs. And so I would say it's a much more integrated economy, businesses and all the other dimensions around it. And I would say that's very different than early in my carrier, and it is very different than just 2000, 2001, 2002. So I would say that's another significant difference, and we only see that getting tighter and tighter as time goes on. So I think the synchronization and the connectivity across geographies, across regions, across industry and within industry is a significant difference.
Keith Nosbusch: I believe the salary increases will accelerate the move to automation, but china was investing in automation early on. There is only so much you can do with labor, no matter what the cost is. And as you continue to want to move up the value chain, continue to want to build world-class products with high quality, you do need to automate a lot of those applications. And while the intensity of the automation may be different, that's really the only difference based upon wage range. And I think that intensity now, given the acceleration, you'll see more people looking at additional areas that perhaps before were marginal. They may become a net positive for the need to automate. So China has been automated, almost 180 plants in the world. And we just did one couple of weeks ago in China. It's the world's most automated nutritional plant. And they are doing that because of quality, because of regulatory compliance and because they want to protect the image of their brand against the problems they have and other circumstances. So I hope it will be an accelerant. But China has been continually investing.
Keith Nosbusch: Two answers there. With respect to the distribution network, that is not something that Rockwell Automation invests in, and we are not planning to invest in that in the emerging markets. We worked hand-in-hand with our channel partners, but those are independent businesses, so that they can support the full need of customers. And certainly that's a model that has worked for us and we expect that it will continue to work. And it has to date in many of the emerging markets that we've been in for many year, not just the new ones that we're after building in China and India and other areas. With respect to other acquisitions, absolutely, we are looking for acquisitions in the global marketplace. The emerging markets are where a lot of our focus and interest is. But also, in some of these markets, there is not a lot of mature technology players at this point in time. So a lot of our activity has been around domain expertise and people that can help us deploy automation systems. And we continue to evaluate the product portfolios of different companies, and we would see making acquisitions outside of the mature markets as we can find players and have the quality, the IT protection and the expertise to fill gaps that we have in our portfolio. So acquisitions, very interested in our product, services and solutions area in the emerging markets.
Ted Crandall: I think you remember, last quarter we talked about spending an incremental $50 million in the second half. So that was $20 million in Q3. We would expect that to increase by about $10 million as we go into Q4, and that will get us to the $50 million in the second half. So we'll exit at about a $30 million run rate.
Ted Crandall: Absolutely, and we hope we'll be able to add to that as we move into fiscal '11. But right now, given what we know, that's our plans, and our goal is to increase spending as we move through the cycle and we demonstrate the revenue growth.
Ted Crandall: Mark, our comment this quarter and in all previous quarters when we talk about restocking is strictly what we see happening in our channel. And so, our distributors' inventories this quarter were up from last quarter. Our distributors' sales to their customers saw a sequential increase. So I would say most of that inventory increase was just a natural increase reflecting the increased business levels they were seeing. But as Keith mentioned, a little bit of that increase was us catching up on some of last quarter's customer service issues, when probably the distributors' stock should have been a little bit higher again the last quarter.
Ted Crandall: Correct. We expected little restock in Q3, because we thought we are going to see relatively flat product demand. Given the product demand increased the way it did, the restocking was kind of a natural result.
Ted Crandall: Yes. Well, certainly I don't believe it can be sustained at 40%. But you kind of answered it John, and that is, as all of you know, our business is lumpy. And we always say, don't take the results of one quarter and project it. And certainly, we felt we were low last quarter. And once again our goal is to grow north of 20% on an annual basis in China, and we fully expect to do that for an extended period of time. So you know, as we said a while back, we oscillate around the trend line. That trend line is 20% growth. And I would say that last quarter was an aberration, and this quarter the 40% happened, one, because of great performance, but secondly some of those projects did push out a little, and they came in, in Q3. So we are expecting another solid quarter and continued growth. And to your point, we are building a channel; distributors and systems integrators. That's a long term process. But we do expect that to continue to get better and to help us reach a broader segment of the market and support a growing installed base. So they are very important. But I wouldn't say any one quarter once again is based upon a build out of the channel. That is a steady, continuous effort that you'll see as a long term value creator for Rockwell in China.
Ted Crandall: I would say that it has remained relatively constant. I mean the distributor inventories generally turn about six times a year, and that has not changed significantly over the course of the last couple of years. It ran up a little bit last year when sales were falling off relatively rapidly. And it's come down a little bit this year. But as I said, there is nothing unusual on the last few quarters about distributor inventory levels, given the level of sales they're seeing to their customers.
Ted Crandall: I would expect general corporate net to probably be about at the same level as Q3 or maybe slightly lower than that.
Ted Crandall: I guess what I would have said is I think we've got a relatively narrow range on EPS now compared to where we'd been earlier in the year. I wouldn't argue with your margin analysis, and I would say the biggest issue in Q4 is going to be mix, particularly because we expect to see the largest increase in sales sequentially to be in our solutions business.
Ted Crandall: I'm not sure there is a lot to talk about with regard to pension at this point in time. As I reminder, our funded status gets measured once a year at the end of our fiscal year in September. Like most companies, last year, our funded status decreased due to the combination of reduced asset values and a lower discount rate. Asset values have improved somewhat so far this year, and it's probably a little too early to call discount rate. I would say based on the trends we've seen so far to date, it probably is looking slightly lower than it would have looked a year ago. All other things being equal, that would say there might be a small increase in pension expense as a consequence of discount rate.
Ted Crandall: Assuming we see a change in discount rate that is less than 25 basis points, that impact alone would be substantially smaller than the step-up in pension expense we saw last year.
Ted Crandall: What we have said we are expecting in this cycle is basically to be a little bit below the kind of rates you saw in the last cycle. Now if you remember, in the last cycle and the higher growth years, we were in the range of 27% to 29%. So we are expecting probably in this cycle in the higher growth years to be more like in the range of 24% to 27%.
Ted Crandall: I think I'm going to try and avoid starting to provide line items of '11 guidance. But with that said, the general corporate net expense I think is probably a little higher run rate this year than I would expect, once we could pass this year as a consequence of performance based compensation, which will basically reset at the end of the year. In terms of the tax rate, generally I think in the cycle as we hit the higher growth years, we're going to be in that 24% to 27% range. This will play out depending on each year, and my guess is it will ramp that way across the next couple of years.
Ted Crandall: Well, we believe we still have a lot to do in China. We believe there are a lot of opportunities. And as I mentioned a little bit earlier, we have to continue to build the channel. But in addition to that we have to build our own capabilities, and if we're going to have growth rates above or around 20%, we need to continue to add domain expertise and capabilities. And certainly China is one of the areas where we would expect to continue to be investing at a disproportionately higher rate with respect to our emerging market strategy and customer-facing resources. So China will continue to see strong investment. And we believe given the growth of China more to consumption, we think it's even a better opportunity for us in the long term. So we will continue those investments, and you can expect that a portion of those incremental dollars into the future will be in China.
