Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Frances. Good morning, and thanks to everyone for joining us on Rockwell Automation's First Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights on the company's performance in the quarter and outlook for the full year, and then Ted will provide more detail on both of those. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. Our results were released this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website, and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Keith.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Scott, this is Rondi, and I just want to mention that back in that 2006, 2007 time frame, we sold the power systems business, and that generated net cash flows of over $1 billion. And so when you look at share repurchase from that period of time, that's really an aberration. I think what you're seeing now is very consistent with our cash deployment philosophy that we've been talking about now for years.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great, thanks. I think all we want to say is thanks for joining us for today's call. I'm obviously available for all the follow-up calls, and have a great day.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, specifically, Process in China, I think, was -- the impact there was mainly in project delays both -- and really in the backlog where there was a delay in customers because of liquidity, in some cases, delaying shipments. But probably the bigger impact of it was simply the large backlog depletion that we had in the fourth quarter left us with less to be able to ship in the first quarter. So I think that was probably the bigger portion. We saw some additional delays throughout the quarter. I would say the encouraging thing about Process in China was the orders that we had during the quarter where we have rebuilt some of that backlog. So I think it was a quarter -- at this point, we believe it was a quarter phenomenon.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, Steve, I would say what we believe is that, that buildup in the first quarter doesn't come out immediately the quarter after. So that buildup is why we have confidence in the growth rate in the second half of our year, and it's why we believe the second quarter will be similar to the first quarter. And the buildup, while we're positive about the buildup, it does take a while to work its way through the organization and through the engineering and design process for those projects, and it's a second half phenomenon.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, let me -- first, about the flat comment, our orders were flat. So we don't see it as a disconnect from what we had expected in that regard with orders continuing to perform. What happened is -- it's pretty simple. It's the aspect of a solutions business where it's very lumpy, and we have orders and sales that certainly are more volatile than our products businesses and the timing, and in this case, the timing drove a significant shipment in our fourth quarter. That created the hole in our backlog. We had a weak second half orders rate in fiscal '12, and that in combination -- weaker, I should say, a weaker order rate in the second half and that, plus the shipments in the fourth quarter, created the gap in shippable product. And then during the quarter, we had some project delays, and those are typical in a solutions business, and I think it was just a combination of those multiple aspects that created a more severe outcome this quarter in China.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Absolutely, Julian. Certainly, for us, the 2 strongest end-market verticals for us were automotive and oil and gas, and that would be pretty consistent on a global basis. And if you -- auto outside of EMEA has been strong with continued CapEx investment, and we also are able to now work in another application and will be enabled to participate in more of the powertrain applications in that industry. Oil and gas has been good for a period of time here now and certainly, that was one of the stronger markets for us this past quarter. Consumer in food and beverage, in there, the food is the stronger. Beverage is starting to slow down some, particularly in the mature markets. Most of the CPG consumer investments are being made today more in the emerging markets. Our life sciences business had strength both in EMEA and in Asia Pacific. Tire is getting a little weaker now. They had very strong investments for a couple of years, and I think we're starting to move to a lower investment rate in total, but still good levels of investment. And I would say, today, the weakest markets in total, specific geographies, driven a lot by the reduction in demand from China. So I think that's impacting the mining business in Australia and in certain segments in Latin America as well, although mining in Canada continues to be solid, and then you also know of the labor unrest in South Africa, and that's creating additional, I'll say, impacts on the mining industry.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. Well, you're absolutely right about the legacy strength of automotive in Rockwell Automation. We've talked -- at the depths of the decline, automotive was under -- was in the high single digits. I would say, today, we have -- in -- over the last 2 years, automotive has probably picked up a little bit to where the combination of auto and tire is probably around 15% of our revenue now. Auto is probably a little over 10% to 12%. A lot of that has been because of the growth of the automotive industry outside of the U.S. I mean, the U.S. is back, and it's very important to us, but where the incremental has been from a historical perspective has been the investments, really, in the emerging markets of which China would be #1. And we are continuing to increase our penetration of both the joint venture companies in China, which is the only way a multinational can participate in the automotive market, and in the domestic, the major domestic suppliers. So China has been a great opportunity for us. That would be followed by India, Brazil and Eastern Europe. The only other part that I would -- that I'd link a little bit to the U.S. automotive is Mexico has been a very strong automotive market, and it continues to grow both with North American manufacturers, as well as international companies as well. So Mexico has been an improvement. And then what I mentioned earlier about our ability to address more applications. We now are able to address the powertrain side of the business, and historically, we were mainly in the body and assembly side. And so powertrain -- so we can address -- and paint, so we can address paint, body-in-white assembly, as well as stamping, and now with powertrain, there are no applications that we can't go after in automotive. In addition, we've expanded our information capabilities in MES in the automotive space, and that has been a help for us also in the emerging markets as they try to be a very efficient producer of cars and -- with high quality. So I would say it's really been the emerging market, the expansion of our portfolio that -- and the resurgence of North American manufacturing that has driven our participation in the space to a higher level of our total sales over the last 2 to 3 years.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, first, it is our second acquisition in China. We acquired an engineering company there for our solutions business, called Hengsheng, and we did that a couple of years back. And that was really to get us domain expertise to have a bigger critical mass of engineers to be able to support our growing solutions business there. So that was more of, I'll say, a people investment, and that has been very successful for us. The second one that we made was basically JCE, which was a medium voltage manufacturer, a medium voltage drives manufacturer. And what gave us a little more confidence here, John, to your question, is the fact that we had worked with them for a number of years previously. They were a contract manufacturer for our medium voltage drive in China, and they had some technology that allowed was -- that allowed us to address a different market segment -- I shouldn't say different market, different applications with a different price point because it was different technology. And it gave us a broader coverage of the medium voltage market, and that's very important because of the energy savings opportunities that, that brings. So I would say the previous working relationship gave us confidence in the people, gave us confidence in their capabilities and certainly was a part of the reason why we made the acquisition. I would say in China, in general, we continue to believe -- well, obviously, it's a very important market, and we continue to look for ongoing acquisitions in China. They are difficult, as you outlined in your comments about Caterpillar, and certainly, we are cautious. We're cautious because of the intellectual property. We're cautious because of the business practices and -- but yet, they're going to continue to grow solid, good companies, and we believe that we want to keep monitoring what's going on in China, and we are willing to make acquisitions there, given the right conditions and situation. But obviously, due diligence is quite important, and we have not proceeded on a number of our acquisition inquiries because of those types of concerns.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. Well, as Ted had mentioned, we did see a continual uptick in business throughout the quarter. And every year, there's probably some, whatever you want to call it, budget flushing or pull-ahead that occurs. I think we saw a normal case of that this year, and we did not see anything that I would say was meaningful with respect to taxes or fiscal cliff. Some of our distributors did see a little more sales towards the end of the year. Some of that could be attributed to how you characterized it, but overall, we do not believe there was any meaningful change in what I'll say typical order patterns that we would see towards the -- throughout December and towards the end of December. The strength in the U.S. really comes from automotive and oil and gas. I think those have been the 2 major areas that we've seen. Then, in addition to that, we had a pretty good growth in -- our solutions business grew in the U.S. year-over-year, so that was a positive, and we've had a good Logix sales in the U.S. And I think that was a combination of the solutions growth, and in particular, some of the oil and gas and automotive expenditures that were taking place. So I think that gives a little bit of flavor to it.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I'm not sure if they're expecting a better exporting to China. Their exporting has been -- the strength of European exports the last couple of quarters has been the U.S. and Latin America as opposed to China. I think what we're hearing from our European OEMs are they're expecting 2013 to be flat compared to 2012. And I think Italy is still struggling a little, and I think Germany will be the better performer as the year progresses. Their backlogs are probably back to normal. I think they bled off some of their backlogs over the last couple of quarters, and there's a more typical pattern in that at this point in time. And I would say at this point, the only thing we're hearing with respect to weaknesses would be some of the beverage OEMs and to a smaller degree, some packaging, but in general, still a positive outlook for fiscal year '13.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think the OEMs would say that they do expect to see some pickup as the year progresses, and that would be more towards the end of the calendar year and late our fiscal year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Absolutely right on both comments. We do expect it to be about the company average, and that would require a pickup for us. We expect that based upon some of the backlog build in our solutions business and also some of the continued growth of our products, both the Logix platform, as well as our process safety portfolio. So better second half in Process company average in total for the year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, absolutely, and matter of fact, in both China and Asia in general, we expect to see that increase.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think one of the things we said the last time was that we expect the U.S. to moderate as the year progresses. I think we still feel that, that will be the case. And so, overall, it'll be basically at the company average for the full year. So we do see less than 6% growth, going forward, over the next 3 quarters.
Keith D. Nosbusch: That's correct. We believe the activity supports the growth, both the commentary from customers, as well as the commentary from our sales and channel organizations led us to expect a pickup during the year, and it's part of the reasons we talk about the second half being stronger than the first half. We expect second quarter orders to be better in our solutions business, and so the combination of first and second quarter should enable us to see that sales pickup in the second half of our year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: China, we would expect -- well, Asia Pacific, we would expect to be at the company -- at the flat to at the company average, somewhere in between there in that range, over our range and for all of Asia Pacific. For China, in particular, if that was part of your question, we expect that to be about equal to what last year's growth was in China, which was around 5%.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Right now, we are expecting second quarter to have similar year-over-year growth, but at the moment, to Ted's point, higher dollar -- higher sales for the quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: I think they weren't disproportionately weighted to December, but our orders did ramp from October through December in the quarter. Steve, that was pretty much across the board, not unique to solutions. And just one more comment on solutions. I think we do expect better solutions sales in Q2 than Q1, but we think we'll see more of the impact of that backlog build beyond Q2.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, so Scott, the first thing I would say is even excluding 2007, over the last 3 fiscal years, we've returned $1.3 billion in cash to shareowners either through dividends or share repurchase. And basically, our plan this year is to exhaust our free cash flow, at least that's what we're expecting at the moment to be free cash flow, over the course of this year, and that is the expectation. We talked about us spending $400 million this year after acquisition spending and after dividends. We spent almost 1/4 of that in the first quarter. So we believe we're on pace for what we were expecting to do in terms of repurchases this year.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, Scott, that's a fair observation. I think one of the things we've talked about on previous calls is we've got over $1 billion in cash, but 90% of that sits outside the U.S., and we can't easily access that without absorbing a significant tax penalty, which we've been reluctant to do.
Theodore D. Crandall: I think, Julian, the only unusual thing is that gross margin is a full GAAP number. So it's got all of the pension cost increase, both operating and non-operating, that we're absorbing year-over-year.
Theodore D. Crandall: I don't think there was any -- there was not a significant mix impact in the quarter either based on regional performance or the mix of product versus solutions.
Theodore D. Crandall: Sure, and maybe this will help. One of the reasons Q1 last year was a relatively higher-margin quarter within the context of last year was our spending ramped from Q1 across Q2, 3 and 4 last year. So if you look at the exit rate of spending, we were probably up about 3%, maybe 3.5% from Q1 to Q4, and that carried into our Q1 this year. So with a 1.5% organic sales increase, we've got more like a 3.5% to 4% expense increase, spending increase, if you will, and that includes investments we have made in R&D, in domain expertise, in commercial-facing resources, and included in that also is just normal compensation increases year-over-year, as well as the $5 million increase in operating pension cost we're absorbing.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, yes, we guided to 18.7% for full year and we're 18.5% in the first quarter. So it's not like we're well below.
Theodore D. Crandall: And Shannon, just to put it in context, it's flat in Q1, and we're talking about company average 3% growth, organic growth, for the full year.
Theodore D. Crandall: I will be honest, I'm trying to think quickly about a sequential incremental margin expectation. I mean, I think, year-over-year, we still have the same incremental margin expectation we talked about in November, which was kind of low 20%. Obviously, we didn't get a great start on that in Q1, but on the other hand, it was a very minor top line change. So we do expect higher absolute margins in Q3, Q4. And primarily based on better volume.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, I think the 2 things that -- we don't do quarterly guidance, but the 2 things I'm comfortable talking about because they're pretty normal each year. One is in January, we do our merit increases for employees pretty much globally. So there is a probably about a $16 million increase in spending related to merit increase from Q1 to Q2. And then secondly, we expect better solutions growth, so we're going to have a little bit less favorable mix in Q2 than Q1. Hopefully, we're going to have some better volume too.
Theodore D. Crandall: And Rick, I would say compared to our expectations in November, we now expect Asia to be a little bit lower than we were thinking in November, and we expect probably, Latin America, EMEA, U.S. to be a little bit better.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I would say the margin on those bookings is normal solutions margins and generally consistent with our expectation of kind of low-20s conversion incremental margin year-over-year.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, Nigel, I think, to your point, you're right. Last Q1 was a 1.3 book-to-bill. I think the real difference for us this year was in Q4 of '11, we had a pretty good book-to-bill despite having very high solution shipments, and that was with the opposite effect in Q4 of '12. So the hole we created was really in Q4. It's not so much about the book-to-bill in Q1 this year versus Q1 last year.
Theodore D. Crandall: I mean, look, even though we don't have great visibility, I would say we're pretty confident in our expectations of solutions and services sales for Q2, and we don't think we're going to see any significant change in our product business trends right now, but there's always a potential range of performance in any one quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I mean, we have to get pretty reasonable sequential growth to get to a similar year-over-year growth.
Theodore D. Crandall: I don't believe there will be any significant impact because our equity grants all occurred in the first quarter and were valued at the prevailing price at that time, which wasn't that far off our expectations when we did the plan.
