Blake Moret: So looking at the different industries John, we're expecting that for the full year that automotive overall is going to be down about 10%. We see some sequential improvement as we had seen some purchases beginning in some of the projects that we've been tracking, but we're still looking at about 10% for the full year. I think the stories in Q3 that inform our outlook for Q4 are that in the quarter while automotive performed about as expected, we did see weaker than expected performance in the areas like semiconductor, food and beverage weekend a little bit and then chemicals, power; some of those areas. So those weaker than expected performances in Q3 inform the outlook implied with Q4.
Blake Moret: No, actually purchasing has started on a lot of those projects that we were tracking. The ones that we've been talking about that included some line-of-sight we've seen early purchases there. So we won the ones that we expected to plus a little bit more. It's just not clear whether the majority of the volume from those purchases is going to happen in Q4 around into 2020.
Blake Moret: Sure. We've talked previously about the impact of some of the stimulus in China and we saw it again in Q3. So mass transit, wastewater which would be most impacted by government stimulus, those were strong performers for us in China in the quarter.
Blake Moret: Auto was a little bit weaker in China in the quarter. We had some wins in different areas and we'll talk about that when we talk about our information solutions and connected services, but overall auto in China weakened.
Blake Moret: Yes Julian, we haven't assumed that this is the beginning of something that's going to last multiple quarters. What we've also seen historically is even during continued periods of expansion, we have seen times where that growth has leveled off for a quarter or two. However, we have taken cost reduction measures and you saw the impact of that in Q3 and we're actively looking at other ways both to match our spend with market conditions as well as take the opportunity to more rapidly reinvest and look at ways to direct resources to the areas that are going to be most important in the future. So we have taken cost reductions. We're looking at areas that would be opportunities going forward and we're watching the development of this quarter Q4 very closely.
Blake Moret: Yes. So solutions and services backlog remains slightly up year-over-year and we do continue to see growth in some of the key areas driving process such as oil and gas and mining. Some of the project delays that we saw in Q3 impact process, I would say the project delays that we saw were split between the longer cycle that typically makes up most of those projects, but it was also colored by a fairly significant portion of delays in shorter cycle businesses as well.
Blake Moret: Yes. But not that actually for us April and May were weak and June got a little better sequentially. So in the quarter we saw it finish a little bit stronger.
Blake Moret: I can't pick any in particular except perhaps chemical may have followed that a bit where it started the quarter out to a weaker and obviously since chemical is kind of sits a bit in the middle in terms of the applications that we play in, we watch that fairly closely and that started to improve a bit as the quarter went on. I would make the other comment that for our quarter it doesn't progress in a linear fashion. So the last month the quarter is always the strongest and so we can't extrapolate the way that a quarter has started out and just run it out and make predictions about the full quarter.
Blake Moret: Sure. So food and beverage includes both. So it certainly includes the global end users. So the crafts and the Mondelez, Nestle that would be an example of a few of those AVI. It also includes the packaging, the machine rebuilder. So, you're looking at the packaging OEMs around the world, that's a fair part of our business in Europe for instance as well as in the U.S. and it includes that part of the business as well. They both worked together and we have a strong focus at both ends of it; what kind of performance we can provide to the machine rebuilders as well as how it works together in an integrated system at the user.
Blake Moret: Yes. So Steve, the way you can think about it, our global OEM business was down about mid-single digits and within that packaging was down high-single digits in the quarter.
Blake Moret: Sure. I'll make a couple of comments and then Patrick here might have some more. When we talk about consumer broadly, we think of three areas underneath that typically. So, food and beverage, its home and personal care so I think of tissue and so on and then Life Sciences. Food and beverage and home and personal care performed roughly similarly and I think our outlook is similar. But Life Sciences is really the stand down in terms of strong double-digit growth.
Blake Moret: And at the same time, I would say that where we are making adjustments in spending is more on discretionary items, not on the R&D side. For example, in Q3, R&D was full-up 8% year-over-year.
Blake Moret: I'd say, we continue to have good visibility to those projects that didn’t close in the quarter. And as we look at the reasons why, the obvious question is this just a precursor to the them getting pushed out further or cancelled or with their unique plausible reasons why they didn’t go in the quarter but they could come back in the near future including some in Q4. And the latter was our based on our review, that was the sense of the majority of those that they were delays but they were unique plausible reasons in each case that cause them to push out in the quarter and not necessarily being gone. I mentioned before that there's a little higher component in those project delays of the shorter cycle businesses. So, think of it this way the percentage of delays of shorter cycle business in that book-to-bill was higher than the total bookings of the solutions in services business.
Blake Moret: And while we don’t wait for November to give the guidance, we're watching Q4, but our front log our quoting activity remains healthy.
Blake Moret: Well, as we talked about, the continued uncertainty that we've been mentioning for quite a while, we think it is impacting investment decisions at this point. And so, a reduction of that uncertainty some stability in the outlook would certainly help. In terms of the fourth quarter, it would have to be in short cycle business, right. So, some improvement in longer cycle outlook might impact orders but it would take a while for that to flush on as revenue and profits. In terms of the duration of what we're seeing currently, again we're going to be looking very closely at the development of the quarter, we're going to be looking at the macro progress on trade, would certainly help but we're not counting on that at all.
Blake Moret: No. we as you may know we have really good visibility into what our distributors carry of our product, that's particularly the case in North America. Inventory changes have not been a material impact to our results including whether it's A&S or the other segments on the product side.
Blake Moret: Yes. We are closely aligned, we're closely involved with our distributors as they replenish inventory and there's nothing different that's being done there.
Blake Moret: So, let's start with auto. I mentioned we saw a little bit of sequential growth and importantly the results were stable with our expectations, which what would give us more concerns is if projects that we've been talking about through the year went away. That's not what happened and in fact we're starting to see a little bit of purchases associated with those the EV companies while we continue to see that as a relatively small of our overall business, they're going to bring vehicles to market and they're going to need automation to do it competitively and we continue to be highly engaged there as well as we're traditional vehicles as I look at new models and maybe places to build them. So, we see that continuing and as I mentioned before, the front log is fairly healthy. For other longer cycle businesses where we would have visibility that might go on across multiple quarters; things like oil and gas and mining, there continues to be good activity there and you saw that reflected in our current results. And so, through the fiscal year, we don’t see changes there. The shorter cycle business, of course it's more difficult to look at the outlook and we'll have more details on what our view is informed by the quarter in November.
Blake Moret: Happy to and glad to see you're lighting a candle, Rob. It's been good and we are probably a little more excited even about the relationship then we started a year ago on this journey. So, we continue to see good wins come in across industries and across geographies. There was a wind and PTC talked about it last night with Euphoria [indiscernible] a big tire company in Korea. We like Euphoria because it's a differentiator. Very few of our competitors have any sort of augmented reality offering and we're selling it in somewhere around a third of our FactoryTalk InnovationSuite wins currently. We continue to see wins in Life Sciences. I talked about the double-digit growth there and the combination of our basic control in Life Sciences. The software that we have had for sometime specifically MES plus the new FactoryTalk analytics that were brought to market, the PTC offerings really puts us in an open field in an industry that continues to grow very strong. So I'm happy with it. We're going to talk, and one last comment, we're going to talk a lot more in November about the comprehensive things that we're doing as an organization to accelerate our move to more recurring revenue streams and more proficiency in managing a growing software component of our overall business. It's certainly not just sales it's about our business model. It's about our IT infrastructure and we're going to talk a lot about that in November.
Blake Moret: So, we continue to see Latin America as providing growth in the year. We also see EMEA for the full year of seeing growth in the low single digits. In Q3, North America and Asia were the regions that were a little weaker than we expected.
Blake Moret: Sure. I think in some part we're seeing the continued certainty over trade and tariffs that is starting to weigh on investment decisions particularly around capital. We see these customers even short cycle businesses that are continuing to look the ways to improve productivity on top of their basic production and I think that's part of what's contributing to the continued strong growth of information solutions and connected services. But in terms of capital, as these customers weigh the prospects for near-term demand on those shorter cycle products that's what we're seeing and again as we went through and looked project-by-project at the delays, the reasons that are being given are specific and plausible as opposed to some general precursor to further push outs and cancellations.
Blake Moret: I think these companies are doing things similar to what we did and continue to look at coming into the year. They are looking at restacking their supply chains to deal with the information we have in terms of tariffs. And so, there is a movement of where products are being built, who are the sub-suppliers of those various products as people are trying to get to where we are and that is to neutralize the impact of those tariffs on their cost inputs. And so that's a lot of work. These things, the decisions aren't made overnight and so being able to react to the current environment by doing in a way that won't have to be undone in some short-term off time horizon that's the kind of uncertainty that we're talking about that we've dealt with and that our customers are dealing with.
Blake Moret: And I think, just to peel it back a little bit further so that includes the longer cycle projects for us, the average duration of some of the oil and gas projects for instance might be five or six months from the time we get the order to the time that we ship it. It also includes the services which would include that say shorter cycle repair operations things that track product businesses, but also importantly the growing connected services portion of that as well that often attends those projects things like remote monitoring, network consultation and things like that. So it's a mix of those defined scope projects as well as high-value services and then also the engineer to order business, so motor control centers and things like that. All of that contributes to that two-thirds number that Patrick gave of the overall CP&S segment.
Blake Moret: Yes. Nicole I will make a comment and then Patrick might want to add as well. As much as we would like to be able to extrapolate out performance through the quarter that we're reporting on and then take a peek at the first days of the next quarter. We can't apply a linear correlation to that. As I mentioned before, June is the strongest quarter. Typically we were encouraged as we looked at the development of Q3, but we can't draw conclusions that inform our outlook based on that and looking at the early July performance that helps inform the outlook. It's one of the factors that we take into account as we look at Q4, but we just can't draw a straight line with it.
Blake Moret: So just to summarize, the quarter saw a sharp difference in performance between shorter cycle business and longer cycle project-oriented business. I'm happy with how the market is embracing the Rockwell offerings that add innovation and new expertise to help our customers be more productive. This is important regardless of the macro environment. We also continue to look for ways to be more productive in our own operations by using all of our strengths and directing resources to the initiatives that best accelerate our strategy. That begins with our highly engaged employees and partners who have committed to their roles in this journey. They bring the connected enterprise to life every day at our customers and in our own operations and I thank them all.
Patrick Goris: Joe, Patrick here. So with respect to CP&S segment margin, the largest part of the year-over-year increase is related to incentive compensation. The segment of course had some organic growth in the quarter, which helped as well and then currency was just a slight tailwind less than 0.5 point of margin for that segment. In terms of incentive compensation, the way that you can think about it is a fully funded incentive compensation plan for Rockwell Automation is about a $100 million and the current guidance for fiscal 2019 is about 60% of that.
Patrick Goris: Yes, so within consumer, Jeff, as Blake mentioned Life Science is good double-digit growth, home and personal care up mid-single digits in the quarter and so it's really food and beverage which represents about 20 points out of the 30 of consumer which is dragging down our performance in consumer.
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about our investment spending and we exclude incentive compensation for that metric. In our current guidance, our investment spending grows about 2% year-over-year; a little less than that so a little bit more than our revised organic growth rate for the full-year. In Q4, we expect it to be down year-over-year.
Patrick Goris: We're at about 1.5% price realization, good three quarters and for Q3 about the same. It's about 1.5% which includes, Ric, the price we get associated with the tariffs. And so, you may recall that we implement a targeted price increases on products impacted or effected by the tariffs.
Patrick Goris: And so, the price realization this year 1.5% is a little bit larger than prior years but includes the price associated with the tariffs actions.
Patrick Goris: Yes. The intention whether the price increase was to neutralize the impact of tariffs, so not to make money out of that. And so, the expectation is that if tariffs would be eliminated that at some point those price increases would also be adjusted. And the object being to neutralize the impact of tariffs.
Patrick Goris: Yes the way you can think about it Deepa is, for our current guidance for the full year all regions are a little bit lower than the prior guidance. North America went from mid single digits, a little bit below the company average to low single digits. So did EMEA and Asia and Latin America is still teens, it's still about 10% rather than the mid teens that we were expecting before. So our outlook in every other region has come down a bit.
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about Vlad is, within control products and solutions, the solutions and services business is about two-thirds of that segment.
