Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. As we continue to stay close to end users, machine builders and distributors, a few key themes emerge. First, demand remains strong. We’ve mentioned softness in e-commerce and in parts of the Chinese economy, but investment by end users and machinery builders continues across the majority of regions and serve verticals. Second, the global supply chain is improving, but it will take some months to flush the inefficiencies that have built up over the last few years, especially inventory. This is seen at machine builders, distributors and in our own operations. Third, the opportunities for automation to play a strategic role in our customer success have never been higher. Workforce scarcity, American shoring of manufacturing and the premium being placed on business agility are all positive reads for Rockwell. We’re moving fast to meet these needs with new capacity and capabilities. It’s hard to believe, but our Annual Automation Fair and Investor Day are only about three months away, and you should look forward to hearing more about the exciting next leg of our journey. I want to thank all our employees and also our unmatched distributors who have worked so hard to bring us to this point and who collectively make the difference at our customers. Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Blake Moret: Yes. Andy, there’s a few factors that contribute to that outlook for orders. First are the continued high investment levels and some important verticals for us. We see continued investments as we track new CapEx announcements in areas like semiconductor, in EV, in renewables, while we see a general focus on automation at many of our other verticals like food and beverage, life sciences, energy and so on. We also have had a number of conversations with customers and distributors that give us a consistent view that demand remains strong. As I and members of my team have talked directly to machine builders and end users, they’re all proceeding with plans based on the consistent demand for their products. We described in my remarks what we’re seeing in terms of machine builders who are not placing the unusually large advanced orders that they did of say a year ago. And we’ve also had direct conversations with our distributors and in North America, some of our largest distributors are actually seeing year-over-year order increases. So again, that consistently strong demand picture informs that view that we showed you on Slide 11 of orders recovering, complimenting the remaining strong backlog.
Blake Moret: Yes. I mean giving a little bit more color on how this plays out, during the most constrained period of component shortages, we saw some OEMs that were placing orders for a year or more of their equipment demand, where in normal times when lead times were at, let’s say normal for the products that they put in their equipment, that might be only three or four months of demand. Now, that’s not across the board, but we did see cases of those larger orders. As the lead times have recovered actually a little bit faster than we expected over the last quarter or so and as we expect them to continue to improve, then we see OEMs no longer needing to place such long orders. And as they focus, as I said, on flushing some of the inventory and WIP that they have in their operations, importantly, their front log remains strong. And as I visited machine builders and my staff has visited machine builders over the last couple of months that’s a consistent message that their demand remains strong. It’s just they don’t need to place such a large block of orders. Now, I want to put this in perspective. OEMs are in the neighborhood of a third of our business. So we don’t see the same patterns or need for those large orders at users, but that is an effect that’s impacted our machine builders. And in a little bit of a similar timeframe with our distributors, their inventories will relieve as they get those last constrained items over the next couple of months and are able to shift their committed inventory that’s inventory that’s already been committed to specific end user projects.
Blake Moret: Sure. So you’re right. I mean that as part of our Hybrid Industry segment is the single largest segment of our end market demand. And what we’re seeing in food and beverage and home and personal care is an increased focus on efficiency and resilience. So even though we don’t see the same amount of greenfield investment that we do say with electric vehicles or batteries, those big food and beverage companies are investing in their resilience. So they’re adding some measure of redundancy. They’re investing heavily in OT cybersecurity, which is one of our very fastest growing businesses and meaningful multimillion dollar orders. They’re also dealing with workforce shortages. So we’re all aware that unemployment remains very low. And I think in general, that's a positive read for us, but it creates continuing problems with these manufacturers in staffing those lines. And so they're looking for augmenting the technology that we're providing with highly trained workers as those workers are more scarce. And we're seeing our offering result in some important competitive wins. We've added more ways to win. So it's not just our core technology, it's our cybersecurity services, and we talked about several wins with Plex as the synergy wins ramp up there as we turn on that market access machine. So those are some of the things that are driving the good food and beverage and home and personal care growth that we're seeing this year.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think it's the phenomenon that we described with machine builders, which is not exclusively in discrete. We have a good business with skilled OEMs, process machine builders as well, but they're buying product. It's less weighted towards engineered solutions. So I think that's where you've seen that phenomenon as they were placing orders for a year or sometimes more of their machine coverage, and they don't need to do that anymore. And so they're looking at opportunities to improve their cash flow, get the existing equipment out as the constrained products from us deliver and then to fill their forward machine needs with smaller orders because they can depend more on the lead times.
Blake Moret: Sure. So I mentioned a few wins with Plex in the quarter. And Plex has continued to be a good performer for us both in terms of the expansion of existing customers, as well as new logos where Rockwell’s market access gave us opportunities there. So Plex was a strong performer in the quarter. Fiix as well with the asset management. These are two SaaS applications that are doing quite well for us, and contributed substantially to that 17% ARR I mentioned some wins with PTC. Those are subscription wins. And those were some major competitive victories for us in the quarter. And then on the high value services side, cybersecurity services, and I’ve talked about that that’s been right at the top of our fast growing businesses and we have a recurring revenue component of cyber. So those things were probably at the top of the list and contributing to what you’re right, was really good ARR in the quarter.
Blake Moret: Yes. We haven’t given the specific order value for Q3, but we gave the full year expectation of $8.5 billion to $9 billion of orders.
Blake Moret: So Steve, we’re continuing to provide the information that we think is most important to investors and over the last few years, as you said, orders have become a more important component as they have decoupled from shipments at different times. And so we felt it was important to provide that additional information. As we look at going forward, we’re going to continue to look at where orders remain material to investor decisions and to provide that kind of information. And we continue to look at how we’re making decisions about running the business going forward and providing you some insight into that. And that’s why it’s going to take some different forms as time goes on, because the value of it and the horizon of that I think are important. So this quarter we made the decision to give a little bit of a view going forward and showing on that Slide 11, the relationship between orders and big macro events going forward so that you and investors can put that into perspective.
Blake Moret: Yes. And I would say that, the Sensia contribution, which is in lifecycle, we have seen improvement there and we expect to see continued improvement. So that’s a major component.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think – I like looking at a vertical by vertical approach of this, because it breaks it down into, I’d say, more objective components EV and battery by any objective measure, there is continued strong investment as people are building out the capacity to build more electric vehicles. If you look at any city in the U.S., the number of electric vehicles remains low, all projections of that’s going to increase. And there’s nowhere near as much capacity needed to serve that demand, even with the announcements of new greenfields that have already been made. So we see that as a multi-year trend, semiconductor for national security reasons and to be able to reduce geopolitical risk impacting the semiconductors that make our world go. We see that as a multi-year trend. And importantly, it’s not just the fabs, it’s all the supporting infrastructure that’s needed to make that stick as well. We talk about redundancy and resiliency in some of the other industries, food and beverage, life sciences with offerings not just the core automation, but the additional software and the services. I think these are multi-year trends. Workforce, again, with unemployment as low as it is, it’s just not possible to build the things that we need to preserve a standard of living without the technology augmenting a highly engaged workforce. Those two things are going to be required across a broad swath of the industries that we serve. So I think the outlook for automation remains good over a multi-year period. We’re seeing the current impact of some of the ordering dynamics that we’ve talked a lot about on this call, but the fundamental outlook for automation and Rockwell’s ability to outperform, I think is very strong.
Blake Moret: The main contributor to the growth in North America is really the composition of the backlog. And in fact, as we look at the orders in North America, they found pace the rest of the world year-to-date in fiscal year 2023. There are certainly anecdotes of projects that have been pushed, but we have not seen that as a prevalent trend and we continue to see low cancellation rates among within our backlog.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. As far as the sales impact, we had originally planned when we guided what we expected for growth expectations between Q3 and Q4, we had expected some disruption. We were planning close to a week of disruption that this would be causing in the loss of capacity during our third quarter. That ended up extending by several more days in terms of the total impact it had on us. All in something in the range of $50 million to $100 million of revenue is I think a good ballpark to think about of what we’re seeing of a shift of revenue there between the third and fourth quarter from what we were anticipating three months ago. And then in terms of margin progression, Andy, for the rest of this year, we continue to expect that margins will expand. We think fourth quarter margins will be our highest margin for the year. We continue to expect to see strong margins in our Software and Control business, something similar to what we’ve been seeing the last couple quarters. And as I’ve said for the last couple quarters, we expect sequential margin improvement in lifecycle services. We expect that will be over 10% in Q4. And then intelligent devices as we recapture some of that revenue that shifted from Q3 to Q4, we think added revenue there will be bringing that margin up from where we were in the third quarter. All in, we still expect ITV smart intelligent devices margin to be a little under 20% for the full year, software and control to be well over 30% and lifecycle services will be below 10% for the full year. And it’ll be similar to a little less than what it was in fiscal 2022. But all in progressing nicely with the focus we’re having on productivity there.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. And Julian, to frame it up a little in the way you asked the question where pre-pandemic backlog closer to 20% of our revenue and more recently this year where we're around 50% or higher than 50%. I don't – based on the things Blake was just describing, I don't think it will go back down to 20%. But something in the 30% or low 30s percent. I think that's a reasonable estimation right now for us, Julian, of where to think where our backlog is in a more normal state.
Nick Gangestad: Jeff, I'll take the second part of your question first. Of our 13% organic growth, 10% of that was volume and 3% of that was price. And it was very much like as we expected. This was the quarter where we are starting to lap ourselves against the more significant price increases that we were realizing in the second half of our fiscal year 2022. In terms of the backlog, we haven't put out a specific number on it, Jeff. It did come down some in Q3, and we expect it to come down further in Q4 to that $4.5 billion to $5 billion range. But we haven't put a specific number on that, partly weaning ourselves off of like frequent updates on all of that, but giving you a trend of where that's going.
Nick Gangestad: Jeff, investment spend is staying almost exactly where we've been expecting, both for the year and by quarter actually. It's very, very much following our plan.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Andrew, thanks for that question. The – our longer-term plan and expectation is that we should be at 100% free cash flow conversion or averaging that, that over time, even in a period where we are growing more substantially than we have, I’ll say pre-pandemic. And with where we stand now with our working capital, where we’re estimating it to exit fiscal year 2023, we think that creates some tailwinds for us in cash conversion in the next couple years for us that even in a higher growth world, we can still be generating something from an operational standpoint closer to the 100% free cash flow conversion. There are a couple headwinds, I’ll just want to make sure you’re aware of Andrew. One is we are at the point now where we are making more substantial cash tax payments on the transition tax that was part of TCJA. Some companies adjust that out of their free cash flow conversion. We don’t – we keep that in there. And we’re also being impacted by the recent requirement that we capitalize for tax purposes, our R&D expense, and that that’s having a several percentage point between 5 and 10 percentage point impact to our free cash flow conversion in the next few years. It’s something after five years or six years we work our way through, that just becomes part of the base, but it is having that between 5% and 10% impact to free cash flow conversion. And then the last I’ll note is as we’ve been liquidating our PTC shares, realizing the gain, the nuances of how free cash flow reporting is that gain is not part of our denominator in that equation, but the cash taxes is part of that – of the numerator in that equation, and it’s just a nuance in pointing out that has impacted us this year and could impact us in coming quarters as well. But I’ll call those more noise versus your underlying question, I think on our – the ability of our business model to be generating 100% free cash flow conversion.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve, that, that is correct. The only exception is our lifecycle services business component that could have some nuances from quarter-to-quarter, but generally we were pretty much a one-to-one book-to-bill.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. As I think about where we’re going with margins in our lifecycle services business in the next couple years, we expect that lifecycle services will be an outsize contributor to our margin expansion in the coming years. So we – one way we think about our margin expansion is through our core conversion of the 30% to 35% range. That would imply that lifecycle services is going to be helpful to that number. So if as I look over the next couple of years, I believe lifecycle services will be our highest margin expansion business segment of the three segments.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. It’s dependent on what revenue is, but for those reasons that that Blake went through in our mix, we just don’t see it getting back to that 20% that it used to be, but something in the 30% to 35% range and yes, multiply that by our revenue, and that’s our best estimate now. I think in the coming quarters, we’ll keep learning more about that, but we ask for our best estimate right now. That’s where we are.
