Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Dan. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's first quarter fiscal 2015 earnings release conference call. With me today as always are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights on the Company's performance in the first quarter and some contexts around everybody's outlook for fiscal '15 then Ted will provide more details on the results as well as sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. As always we take questions at the end of Ted's remark. We expect the call to take about an hour today. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30-days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great, that said, before we start the Q&A, just look at the list, we have quite few callers and that few I know we’re not going to be able to get everyone, but I guess in the spirit of trying to get to as many as possible if you can you know letting yourself to a question and one follow-up that would be great. We appreciate your cooperating on that and so let’s take our first question.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, we have reached the end of our hour or little bit less than hour, so I think we’re going to ramp it up here and I appreciate everyone’s questions. I think we had very great thoughtful questions today on the call and I look forward to talking to most of you afterwards. So thanks for joining us and we’ll talk soon.
Ted Crandall: A large as you would expect the largest impact we have from currency is from the euro and depending on whether you talk about the full year or the quarter of the balance of the year, the euro accounts generally for more than half of the impact.
Ted Crandall: But John, we’ve had a lot of conversations about this in the last couple of years and as part of that talked about cash balances and where they are. I think we’ve been very consistent in our cash deployment philosophy or expectation is that we will continue to exhaust free cash flow each after organic growth funding and acquisitions and return the balance to shareholders. Last year, you know we did a little bit more than that because of the strong cash flow year. This year we’ve got north to start that is in pace of brought back you know given that we will - it’s possible that we won that spending a little more than that this year. But I don’t think we are fundamentally changed our approach.
Ted Crandall: Scott, I think that the price that was talked about previously is you know historically we have not seen a lot of changes in price dynamics and price behavior associated with currency changes and we’ve had a lot of discussion about that over the last couple of years as it relates to the yen. You know our global supply chain isn’t perfectly balanced but it’s certainly not like we build everything that we manufacture in the United States. And most of our major competitors have a similarly global supply chain. And so I think that’s partly the reason that you don’t see big changes in pricing behaviors consequence of the currency changes.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so I mean maybe the easiest thing is to think about it as, we’re expecting no growth at midpoint.
Ted Crandall: And Steve to your question about then the announcement will come up in the next couple of weeks, we’re key started, I think what we get a better picture for is the magnitude of expected cuts. I suspect what was still be a little bit uncertain is the timing of that and all that based on experiences, it’s going to take a little longer to implement those cuts then some others might be expecting.
Ted Crandall: I would say, I mean that you are saying any significant favorable impacting. Answer is no. Actually currency in the quarter probably converted a little bit more negatively than what we expect is average conversion.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, I mean on the cash flow, I’d say quarter-to-quarter, there are a lot timing issues just about you know things like payables and receivable cutoff dates and also timing of tax payment. So I think we’re off to a good start but we’re not really changing forecast for cash flow at this point. On the repurchases side, you know we’re facing a significant drop in the price in October from the time previous to that and under a 10b5-1 plan; we bought very aggressively with the drop in price. As the drop in price continue to end at November and December, we continue to buy what I would call above average rate and so I think that explains that the first quarter repurchases.
Ted Crandall: I also think - I also think at least at this point most of our customers and don’t think this is a prediction for Rockwell but if it goes to our customers, don’t expect oil price is to say 50 bucks a gallon or 50 bucks a barrel, certainly for two years.
Ted Crandall: Maybe the only think I would say about the second quarter is you know it’s very normal for us to see a sequential sales and EPS decline when we move from Q1 to Q2. And this Q1 we have told you we thought was a particularly strong earnings quarter.
Ted Crandall: What we certainly in the balance of the year, we’re expecting higher rates of organic growth in the remaining nine months that in Q1.
Ted Crandall: I think Nigel we even think that happens is as you might expect. As we start to see the larger project going away which is the larger projects generally tend to be lower margin and more smaller productivity related projects coming in and moreover activity. In some respects, we actually see a little bit of margin benefit.
Ted Crandall: I say much broader, I mean in Canada right now, we’re seeing significant weakness as you would expect and Alberta with the oil sands, we’re seeing some improvement in other markets in Canada, consumer, automotive, primarily in the Eastern part of the country and Latin America, you know our growth in the quarter and I’d say for last couple of years has been pretty broad based especially in Mexico and Brazil. In Mexico, we’re seeing great growth consumer and transportation. In Brazil, you know transportation not as great, the consumer has been pretty good in additions of the resource based industries.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so Steve, this is Ted. You know last year, especially with what we’re seeing is the slowdown in our solutions and services businesses, we started the kind of adjust the cost structure in those businesses and we took some restructuring action in the second of the year and some charges in the fourth quarter to facilitate that. And there just one other reason we’re driving the levels of productivity that you saw in the first quarter. So we think we got a little bit ahead of that with the outlook we have for the balance of this, we don’t think we require any additional large restructuring actions, but obviously we’ll continue to monitor that and conditions to material way, we’ll make the appropriate adjustments to our cost structure.
Ted Crandall: Well, I mean obviously we got roughly 1.5% to 2% decline from our midpoint, that was reflected, you can see the earnings impact, that is reflected in that low end of the guidance range. And I would say impart, our assumption is that also reflect some cost actions we would take if we saw sales coming in at that level. You know things deteriorate beyond that would be in kind of new booking.
Keith Nosbusch: Well it cuts both legs and then we do have transaction exposure in Canada because we manufacture around the globe and selling to Canada, but we also manufacture in Canada and export to the rest of the world. So we’ve got some natural hedge, we do have some transaction exposure and we hedge that.
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, John, I would say we’ve had limited success only because - at this point only because these are projects that are lawn in the planning stage and we just started a little over a year ago in the - I’ll say in the pursuit. So we’re seeing that the backlog on powertain opportunities increase, we don’t have a lot of booked orders at this point in time. I would say that we should see an increase as we go through this year with a stronger outlook in the next three - two to three years with respect to strictly the powertrain segment of automotive.
Keith Nosbusch: Well I think the parallels are more along the lines of that new investments in expansion is the area that gets impacted first and obviously they were rising commodity prices when there were a lot of process going on and the commodities pricing was going up mainly driven by the China growth. And I think that we’ve seen in mining and what we think is in parallel is the major projects that were going on were not stopped, those continued to move through to conclusion. And as those were moving through what we saw was a decline in new investments in new capacity and a switch of that to more including productivity and taking cost out of their existing operations. And they were doing that obviously because the prices were going as opposed to prices going up and you can sell everything you can mine. And so I would say those were the learnings and I think the other thing that we feel is similar is that both of these industries take a long term view of their investments, a mine is plan to run generally for decades and oil depending upon the magnitude the field is also for decades. So it’s not a decision they take are literally or capriciously based upon a short term swing in the price of oil - in the price of whatever the commodity is. In this case, obviously there has been a dramatic drop in about six months. So I think the important thing in here is I won’t say we’re not being aggressive in our beliefs here. I don’t think that final card has been placed to understand what’s going on in the market yet. You know very few companies have come out with their CapEx guidance. I think we’ve seen one of the major oil company so far. I think we’ve seen some oil services company respond, but we need to at least wait until we get a little more insight before we’re making calls in this industry and I just think it’s still too early to say anything more than we have at this point in time. So we’re obviously monitoring it. But to your point, in mining what we say was a 15% decline over two years, so that gives you a little bit of a scale of what is possibly ahead of us in oil, but we just feel at this point, it’s too early to make that call given that CapEx budgets haven’t been outlined and secondly it takes time, it takes time for these decisions to ripple through organization, they don’t happen in the same day, the same week, the same month that the decisions are made. So they have to prioritize, they have to recalibrate, they have to reevaluate and then come up with the new list and how that impacts us, we’ll not be knowing for a meaningful down the road. So we’re trying to keep it write down the middle of the fair way here and call it by what we’re seeing today and to your point, we making it a little bit to experiences that we’ve had in and perhaps a similar industry of mining.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I don’t think it’s a more commoditize product, I certainly don’t feel that’s the core of our business quite frankly. But that the issue is more around machine cycles than it is around price. With OEMs, the important thing and what we’ve been working on over the last decade is how do we get in the design cycles and how do we validate our differentiation that enables them to get better machine performance utilizing our technology. And at the end of the day, it’s that combination that is more important than strictly a short term price based upon currency fluctuations which obviously moving both directions at some point in time. So I think it’s about creating that value and creating that differentiation to enable us to build the loyalty and the confidence that we are the best solution for them and not have to be 5% to 10% price up - on upfront cost advantage because it really is all about the total lifecycle cost for the end users and that’s where the bigger emphasis is placed.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure, first half, it’s just the magnitude of their CapEx reductions. I think that’s the first test period. And then it goes back to okay, so how does that - how does that really play out against the different applications and the different segments of the market. And certainly, we’re more exposed to upstream and so that would be our greatest concern. If a lion share of that reduction was targeted in the upstream, we certainly think there is opportunities to continue to improve the productivity of well, so we believe that as they move to OpEx in upstream that is beneficial for us and would be helpful as an offset to the new well drilling and then the split between unconventional and conventional spending and how they are seeing the impact of the lower prices and the stock of oil.
Keith Nosbusch: It’s yes, it’s very broad based because, today our business is you know with majors but also with the NOCs and also with the Tier-2s given the magnitude of unconventional, a lot of that has been driven by Tier-2s. So it really is across all the spectrum of the industry which as you have known has grown pretty dramatically, so with the advent of unconventional. So we would look at it in each one of those segments and then look at our exposure into those segments and our front lot against those segments and then have a better feel. And obviously when I am taking upstream, we’re move heavily into production then we are into exploration. So that’s the other split. And we think the safest area quite frankly is downstream where all of this low cost oil and gas is going to flow into the chemicals and petrochemicals market and while that at this point is a smaller segment of our total sales. It’s an area that we feel we’ll be state the most stable for the longest period of time going forward. So we think that is where the opportunities can remain and can grow even if there is a reduction in the upstream segment. So it’s a complex market that has many different variables and that’s why we’re going to - we need to evaluate each one of those as we get more influence.
Keith Nosbusch: Absolutely, my comment would be, mainly the 12% is oil and gas, we would put chemical at about 4% about sales.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I don’t think there was any budge flush quite frankly that I think some of it was project timing. I think as always we get the - you know you get the quarterly what gets in and what gets pushed out. And I think what we did see and what we did talk about at the end of our Q4 was there were a lot of push outs and delays in the solutions business and we definitely saw a return to a much more normal end of the year. And that probably more than the budge flush though process is what turned it a little more positive for us and - in that category.
Keith Nosbusch: No, we’ve seen - there has been no draw down. Our outgoing flow is as you know we basically match our distributors shipments with our deliberates and we’re not seeing any deviation at this point in time in anticipation of any future activities.
Keith Nosbusch: Well the two of those are generally about two thirds, so a little less than what you’re talking about. But if you remember probably one of the biggest that the biggest differences was Argentina which a year ago was pretty much shutdown for us anyways and we’re now back to a more I’d say stable environment that could change at any time. But in our entire first quarter that was probably were the biggest doubt that came. And then we also had some Central American activities that were stronger and the Andean Regions are Chili was another benefit and that’s a little bit back an earlier commentary around mining, mining was very weak in Chili last year and we’re starting to see some of the operation OpEx spending that’s kicking in as opposed to pure CapEx. So I would put it into those two to three countries.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think with the consumer industries, it’s always dependent upon the regions that we’re seeing it. And basically you can think of everything in emerging market is new investment particularly as far as developing, I’ll call it more sophisticated manufacturing processes in particular with domestic in suppliers. Take China as the primary example, you all know that they’ve had a food scares, so that they are going to much more rigger in their internal processes and that requires automation investments. We also know that they are continuing to expand capacity in their food sector as the middleclass continues to grow which is the other driven in the immerging markets and that’s not just China that would be Latin America, Mexico as well. So I would put a lot of it into that space in immerging. In the mature economies I think the majority of it is continued drive for cost reduction and productivity and out of that they also get some capacity expansion. But generally speaking, it’s more along the lines to reduce cost and to be able to continue to drive higher levels of productivity. And really as always in the mature markets, packaging styles change and whether it’s the materials used or how they do printing on them or the size of the package, it’s a little bit like the automotive industry where you have model change years even though you don’t have capital spending - you don’t have a lot of increase in new card sales, they just have to modernize their portfolio. And in consumer industry, it’s a lot of times around the packaging that is very similar to the styling of cards. And so they have to buy new packaging lines, take advantage of new technology, so I would say that’s what we see more in the matured markets.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we continue to see a - I am assuming when you are talking about oil and gas in the Middle East.
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, we’ll continue to see a project activity there. The Middle East is probably got the lowest cost conventional oil and I think you’ve also seen most of those countries say they are going to keep pumping because of that. So we’re not seeing any change, we also continue to see the activities going on with respect to metals in the Middle East region. So I would at this point in that region, we’re not sensing any change in their current plans.
Keith Nosbusch: That’s fair enough, but it might my ears too. With the Gulf, we have not seen at this point any change in the activities there. A lot the Gulf is - we’re not a lot but a significant portion of the Gulf is Mexico production, it’s obviously very important to their economy. And I think we’ll see a bunch of that continue as the - as we see that some of the majors determine what’s going to happen with their CapEx. I think the question in the Gulf is, some of the modernization and some of our comments about the modernization of those wells and the ongoing expansion could be at risk going forward. And really most of our previous comments on the Gulf were what would happen along the Gulf of the U.S. We were very - not very, we were more positive about the downstream activities and the impact on the Gulf of Mexico, U.S. region which was really about the chemical and petrochemical industry and we still feel bullish about that. We think those investments will continue to go forward, they are building the ethylene crackers, they are building the new ammonia and other chemical plants. And we see that is continuing basically because of the ongoing cost their input cost if anything have gotten better over the last six months than they were previously. So I now remember the questions around the Gulf and it was really the Gulf region of the U.S and we invigoration of the chemical, petrochemical industry in the Texas, Louisiana area and we still see that as a growth opportunity for Rockwell Automation.
Keith Nosbusch: I would say in 2017, is a long time out for predictions with respect to the energy market. But I think the one thing that has probably proving now overtime is technology works and the U.S. is probably the most innovative technology country when it comes to oil and gas. So I would never count that dimension out. But I just can’t forecast two years out.
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, so I think we did not see any meaningful change in margins in the mining industry over those years. I think the projects become more competitive. But in general, that’s why we have to continue to drive productivity.
Keith Nosbusch: No, I think you know we saw 4% growth in process in Q1, we think that is a good growth in this current environment. It’s obviously improved from where we were at the end of last year. And we do - we did lower process growth for the full year, so we were in the mid to high single digits, we are now in the mid-single digit. So we’re little lower about one to two points lower. So our outlook is a little less or bullish and it was at the start of the year, but the majority of that is because of the anticipation of oil and gas as opposed to and inability to be able to continue to find opportunities for Rockwell in process. We still see this as a good growth market for us and opportunity to expand our share. But given the oil and gas environment, we just started would be a little lower than what we started off in - at the start of the year with our November guidance. So process still importance to the good market and something that we can continue to grow and expand our footprint in.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, as I mentioned a little bit when we were talking about consumer, we certainly thing that’s a market that’s going to continue to take off as they continue to grow and they continue to demand more from their food supplier. So food, beverage, home and personal care, the consumer related markets were very bullish long term. On China, I think the difficulty in China is the metals markets and overcapacity, liquidity, the banking structures with the bank loans, so I think there was some financial - as far as the underlying markets other than overcapacity mainly in metals. We think consumer there is probably a little overcapacity in the total automotive market, but the multinationals and the JVs continue to growth their share, that’s where we’re obviously the strongest. So we have a good outlook in consumer and transportation. We think oil and gas will continue to be good in China and so that scenario that we’ve been investing more in. And also the infrastructure with the one area that the Chinese our government has continued a stimulus in has been in their metro and rail systems and that scenario where we have opportunities as well and have participated previously. So we think China even with the slowing growth rates will continue to be a market that we find opportunities in.
