Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve. Historically, the pace of recovering demand for our products after a recession has come faster than we predicted when we were still in the downturn. This recovery is looking similar so far. And we will see Q2 sales and earnings begin to reflect the torrent of orders we received in November and December, with significant double-digit year-over-year growth expected in the second half of the year. The rate of infections in each region around the world has had a direct impact on the timing and rate of their respective economic recoveries. The Americas were last in and seem to be the last to recover with our sales most highly correlated to this geography, given our revenue there. We are working overtime to meet this demand and staying close to our components suppliers around the world. We're actively hiring and additional capacity for Logix is coming online this month. The new Milwaukee Manufacturing Center is working 2 shifts a day to keep pace with this increased level of orders activity. Turning to Slide 15, we're also investing in software development to drive our future growth. Last November at our Investor Day, we talked about how we will be releasing Software-as-a-Service within our FactoryTalk portfolio to add value in the design, operate and maintenance phases of the customers' investment lifecycle. The recent legal settlement gained will allow us to advance these deliverables. Recent acquisitions are playing an important role in these offerings as well, with Fiix software central to FactoryTalk Maintenance Hub within the Software & Control business segment. Fiix is already showing great momentum and just booked their first $1 million dollar annual recurring revenue contract. Their leadership is already a part of the larger plans for accelerating our SaaS offerings. It all begins with great people. And I continue to be immensely proud of our employees in all parts of the organization and around the world. We continue to hire top talent. And the 2 new members of the team we announced today will add to an already great leadership team. With that, let me pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session.
Blake Moret: Yeah, so a couple of pieces of that, first of all orders continued strong in the early part of January. So we don't see significant causal for what we saw through last quarter tailing off because of any sort of budget flush. So we see those trends continue. We do, obviously, continue to see challenges, particularly with our longer cycle solutions business due to continued mobility challenges, as infections have stayed high around the world. But we haven't seen any new obstacles placed with increased infections.
Blake Moret: Yes, so our role in distribution or fulfillment centers has always been good. We've always had a strong presence in the core automation there in terms of conveyors and sortation. It was a great fit for our core technology. What's changed and why we're talking more about it is, first, the explosive growth of the end-market itself, which I don't think shows much sign of slowing down. And 2, we do have even improved offerings to be able to serve that market. Independent Cart Technology is an example, where we really differentiate. We talked about that last quarter with respect to that Navy, when it differentiates us in e-commerce as well. And some of the potential opportunities there make the Navy order look small with respect to Independent Cart Technology as a form of precision motion control. So it's really a combination of the market expanding, as well as our readiness to serve going even higher. It's still a relatively small part of our total business. But we expect that to increase as a percentage of our total sales in the quarters and years to come.
Blake Moret: So I'll make a couple of comments. And then, Steve will add. The investment spend is expected to pull forward some of the development programs that we've been working on in our software area, and specifically, with an eye towards increasing the contribution of Software-as-a-Service to our annual recurring revenue next year. But it's expected to be onetime investments that we can make to accelerate it, not that automatically go into a run rate. And so the investments were selected specifically for that reason, to increase revenue beginning as soon as next year, but without going into an ongoing run rate.
Blake Moret: Sure. So, in general, our position in China is really strong with later cycle businesses. We've talked before about the higher percentage relatively towards longer lead time solutions, targeted at end users, as opposed to earlier cycle business that would be centered on indigenous machine builders. And I think you're seeing some of that play out with respect to China. Now, in China, we still see great opportunities, and we've had some exciting wins recently in EV, mass transit, water, wastewater, our software is a differentiator there. So I like our position there. But we're going to pick up the pace, so as we go after that market, with new opportunities, new go-to-market strategies to complement what we're already doing there.
Blake Moret: So, those are typically characterized as weeks. In those trends, we excluded the longer lead time, configured to order lineups of Power Control. So when you look at those trends, those are typically turnarounds that are measured in weeks in average. A lot of that, of course, sits on our distributor shelf. So when an end customer places an order for it, then it can be fulfilled within hours or a few days.
Blake Moret: We are, because we have good visibility into our distributors' inventory management practices. And their buys are based on underlying end customer demand. So they'll be buying on us based on what they see from end users and integrators and panel builders. And the other point is that we saw continued strong orders into the first part of January. So we're not seeing any evidence that there's a large portion of this due to distributor restock, due to our visibility into their inventory management practices.
Blake Moret: So some of it now, I'll ask Steve to top this up. But some of that is due to the investments we decided to make from a portion of the gain from that legal settlement we mentioned. So we made a decision to make investments that would be one-time investments in fiscal 2021 to pull forward the recurring revenue that we can get from certain strategic software development projects. So we expect to be releasing Software-as-a-Service for automation software, for information management through the next year and we expect that to impact our revenue next year. But importantly, this does not go into the run rate? So those increased investments were due to accelerate that, but they're not necessary as a part of a recurring spend base.
Blake Moret: So the fundamentals for mining, particularly copper are encouraging given the price per pound of copper well above $3, while that presents a little bit of pressure on price for our materials. We don't use a lot of raw materials like that. So the potential benefit of new projects by the miners outweighs of any near-term cost pressure on us. I think, there are some big projects out there that we're looking at I know of a few that we're tracking in Latin America, we haven't seen it yet in terms of mining. But I would say we're more optimistic about that than in terms of a quick oil and gas recovery. On oil and gas, I did mention that we saw some good orders in Sensia towards the back half or of Q1. So the latter part of Q1, we did see some orders that will support the sequential sales improvement through the balance of the year for oil and gas.
Blake Moret: I think it fortifies the strength of the recovery. We have more ways to win. So it's not just the recovery of the general core automation and MRO spend having a larger software portfolio services; cybersecurity services that's in the neighborhood of $100 million for this year. These are offerings that we didn't really have in past downturns. And so I think we can participate more fully, as customers try to accelerate out of the curve, in terms of their digital transformation plans.
Blake Moret: So we've always said that our auto business in general is based more on model changes, new models, new cockpit designs and things like that then the raw [SAR] [ph] count. And if you think of these EV launches as new models, then that's positive. And I think it is above a zero-sum game. So I think the opportunities are higher than just ICE going down, EV going up at the same amount. These are new projects, as we've also talked about, we can participate in all the traditional ways of that automation is needed to build a vehicle in terms of body and paint and stamping, and so on. But we also have a higher readiness to serve in the drive train with our capabilities in terms of battery assembly and so on. So there's a mix opportunity and a customer share opportunity there as well as the increased reliance on software to schedule the units in these EV plants. The MES offering that we have is being looked at as more market serving as opposed to a nice to have, it's being looked at is somewhat of an essential part of a modern automobile factory. So those were all very positive things. For us, I would also say if the focus on made in America pertains to fleets being made in the U.S., that's obviously a good thing for us as well, if given our strong position within that geography and within many of the EV brand owners.
Blake Moret: Yeah, I think, it is expanded customer share as well as the market for automation and information expanding, you think about the things that we're providing to these companies. So it certainly includes the core automation and our capabilities in terms of formulation as well as packaging, track and trace. But then when you look at additional offerings that we can provide the software that we're providing, and again, in this face, it's not just on top of our core automation, it's on top of competitive control platforms. So it's another way to win. Augmented Reality that we have through our relationship with PTC is being used in many of these facilities. And then cybersecurity service is a very fast-growing part of our offering is something that's critically important to these life sciences' customers now more than ever.
Blake Moret: I think, particularly on the EV side, these companies know they need to get units out in the market and an offering to begin to get revenue there. So I think it's given them a lot of headaches. But I still see a pretty dramatic uptake in the size of the project funnel that we're looking at in automotive. So when you look at that funnel of CapEx projects with an auto, our folks are telling us that they're really seeing a pretty market increase in that funnel. I think that, again, the semiconductor shortages that they're fighting with are going to be a hassle for them, but I don't see it causing them to add significant additional delays to these major projects, because they know they have to get their brands out there in the EV market.
Blake Moret: Sure. The vast majority of the additional spend that we're making is in the development of the software. So it's in Software-as-a-Service that will be start to release in the coming months and over the next year or so. And it's our automation software. So this is right at the core of what we do, interfacing with our intelligent devices and leveraging that home-field advantage that we have really right at that convergence of IT and operational technology. So it's mostly going into the software development. Because as I said, it's mainly a onetime investment, that doesn't go into our ongoing run rate. We've previously talked about doubling the number of our software specialist, assisting our general account managers, that's not a onetime cost. That's an investment that we've previously talked about and that is increasing. Our approach is really twofold with respect to selling more software. We have a large and growing number of software specialists, as well as technical consultants to assist with those sales. And then, we've got our general account managers who more and more are coming in with inherent software understanding as well. They've got big portfolios to sell to our customers. But I like that, I like having a single account manager that can draw on these various resources, because it simplifies how our customers interact with us and it also puts an emphasis on solutions, because we sell our software, but it is part of a collection of offerings that provide outcomes to those customers. So it typically involves hardware. And it involves software, it involves services. And sometimes we're actually integrating the project ourself. One of the things that Scott brings into the CRO role is a really good understanding of how all those things come together, and how it is provided to the customer as a solution, and how to describe that to increasingly senior levels of our customers, because it's not just selling to plant engineers, plant managers and design engineers. We're a bigger part of our customers' digital transformation with this expanded portfolio. And so, we're talking to people higher up in the company.
Blake Moret: Sure. Just so a couple of things, I mean, we announced our carbon-neutral goals during investor day. And so, that's what we're doing within our own facilities. And so, we are spending sizable amount of money, I mean, in the millions of dollars to make sure that we are going at a fast pace in terms of advancing those ESG goals in our own shop. But maybe even more important as an overall impact is what we can do for customers. We've always had a big impact on their energy efficiency in their plants. But there are other areas like recycling and our role in the circular economy, renewables, those are things that we're looking at new offerings in to be able to help our customers meet their own ESG goals.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. In summary, we are very pleased with our very strong orders performance in the quarter. The recovery in manufacturing is clearly happening at a much faster pace than we were anticipating. And we expect that to result in strong revenue growth for the balance of the fiscal year. We're very excited about the new software product launches that we have lined up over the next 12 to 24 months, and the new talent we are bringing on board with Fiix and Oylo as well as our new leadership additions that will accelerate our growth and drive higher recurring revenue in the future. Nobody is better positioned than Rockwell and our partners to bring Information Technology and Industrial Operational Technology together. It is an exciting time to be aligned with Rockwell. And we thank you for your interest and ongoing support. Be well.
Steve Etzel: And as it relates to the $0.35, think of about $0.10 or so of that related to the Fiix acquisition, the dilution from that and the remainder to the software investments that Blake just described. And as it relates to the timing, you can think of it mostly affecting the third and fourth quarter of both items, and as well it's all in the Software & Control segment.
Steve Etzel: Yeah, Steve, the other thing as well, the segment P&L that the subtle end game is outside of segment operating earnings, whereas these incremental investments, and the fixed impact are in segment operating earnings. So they're saying basically, the one side effect comes through the margin.
Steve Etzel: So year-over-year the temporary savings should now be a net-zero basically for Q2, we've restored the salaries and the 401(k) match, so that's basically a net-zero year-over-year. Now we have talked about the bonus, which is a big year-over-year headwind in Q2, it's about $50 million. Last year, we've reversed all of our bonus accruals in the second quarter due to the downturn, and this year, we're accruing a little above target now.
