Keith D. Nosbusch: Two things, the first would be Automation Fair, we believe with the theme of it being the connected enterprise and then, to your point, the dramatic increase in new products that are going to be introduced during the fair that we have a lot of excited customers about the opportunities to learn what is coming and how it can help them be more competitive. And there's no better time for our customers to focus on new technology than when their business is slowing and they have an opportunity to look at the new technology and integrate it into their strategies or their new machine lines as they come up. So we think this is a great opportunity. The fact that it's in Chicago, it's always a well-attended fair. We think this year it will be even greater than the last time we were in Chicago, and that's because the Midwest is still the heart of manufacturing in the U.S. So we're excited to be there. We're excited with the messages that we will be providing our customers and, quite frankly, the confidence in the future. I think we have never been better positioned than we are today, and it's only going to get stronger. As I mentioned, this release of the new architecture, the next generation of that architecture and the ability to provide a broader portfolio of Rockwell Automation products and services and solutions is going to be unmatched in the both the industry and in the global environment. So we're going to have customers there from around the world, Europe, Latin America, Asia-Pacific. That will also be a very strong showing. So you can see the interest that our customers have in basically continuing to drive their productivity and improve their competitiveness, and I think that's the message that has been out. We did a lot of pre-work to make sure that our customers knew all of the new products as well as something this year that we're going to have, the innovation demonstrations, where we talk about how the technology is going to evolve in the future and give them a snapshot of how that future is going to look three to five years down the road. So from a combination of new products, the innovations that are coming, and how technology is evolving to enable the connected enterprise, we think that's what's behind the attendance. And quite frankly, we're happy many of you will be there.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, absolutely. We had a very good quarter in our IS Solutions business, which is Information Software, in the quarter. We had a high for the year of sales. It was up above the average for the company. We also had very strong margin and OE performance in the business as well. We continue to expand the pilot programs with rollouts at multiple customers now. We currently have over 100 customers running FactoryTalk Production Center, and we have the suites installed in over 200 plants. And so this continues to be an area that now we are looking at growing it more aggressively. It's at the forefront of the connected enterprise and what we can do for customers in the IT/OT convergence that is currently going on. And quite frankly, after a number of years, this is the best that that business has been positioned with the suites that they have as well as the ability to deliver both revenue growth and profit growth at the same time. So that team has done a very good job there. And we think as we continue to build upon the connected enterprise story and vision that our software business will play a more important role going forward.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay. Yes, it did grow and it has grown for the year, our software business. Mexico is a very broad-based story from the standpoint of what's growing. Obviously, the strongest growth there has been oil and gas, and it has been for us. And we continue to win more midstream projects in oil and gas. The areas, automotive continues to grow, and we expect that to continue into next year. The ability of – the powertrain capabilities that we have will open new opportunities for us there. We also have great channel capabilities in Mexico, and we're starting to see the power of our distribution model as it continues to mature. And in your emerging markets, Mexico is probably the most mature distribution capability that we have. And so it's brought across verticals. Consumer was very good. OEMs grew tremendously this past year, mainly because of the mid-range capabilities that we have. And so we see the oil and gas, consumer industries, automotive, and the channel work that is going on in OEMs being the areas that is driving growth for us, and we do expect that to continue as we go into 2016, not at as high a level as it grew in 2015, but still the best emerging market performance of the larger countries for us next year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: And that's why I think the product business is more because that is what drives obviously the MRO. But also small projects tend to be much more product-centric.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think that is the way the global OEM market operates. It does move – not with every quick change in currency, but this has been relatively long now. And you are seeing the competitiveness of Europeans increasing. I think we see their attention being turned more to the U.S. because of that. And also, we're seeing because Asia is weaker, China is weaker, there is less European exports to China and to Russia. So I think they're looking at the U.S. as the opportunity to make up for that other decline. And to Ted's point, the currency is giving them a competitive advantage in that regard.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think it goes back to some of the comments that Ted made why we're going to see a very difficult first half to the year. We're still looking at the key indicators for us, which is industrial production. And that's still forecast to grow in 2016 and to grow at a faster rate later in the year. So that historically has been a very good indicator of our performance. And I also think some of our new products, we do expect next year to be able to take market share. So that is always a piece of our equation. I think that's how we look at our ability to demonstrate differentiation. And certainly, with our new technology and our new products, we expect as the year unfolds to be able to take share, even in a difficult market environment.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, that is the main one. But I would say in addition to that, we think we can continue to grow our share in safety. We think we can continue to grow our share in our power control businesses, both in what I would call our drives business and our intelligent motor control center business with some of the some new capabilities that they are building out. And then as we've talked previously, we are starting to quote and be involved in more activity in powertrain. And we see that as an opportunity that's going to expand for us this next year, and we expect to be able to create some more wins there. And that's an area, as all of you know, we historically did not participate greatly in. So that would be the other one that I would add to the pile in addition to process.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay, let me start with the last one. We think China in automotive will probably be down on a year-over-year basis. That has been a growing piece for us previously, but we have seen some slowdown in the automotive market there with the decline in sales of autos, the front end of autos. With respect to the outlook in the different industries for us, auto, we expect that to grow above the company average and, as I mentioned, increased opportunities in powertrain. Tire is expected to grow above the company average. We've been talking recently about the weakness in the China OEMs. That is going to continue to be true, but there have been eight greenfield plant announcements in the U.S. and Mexico, primarily with Asian manufacturers. And we're very well situated in those expansions. So we see that as a growth. Food and beverage, we think that will be flat next year. With North America, the focus is on modernization and productivity. And in Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific, we expect to get the traditional different variety and packaging changes that will drive growth there for us. In home and personal care, we expect that to grow about the company average. And there, new product introductions and innovation is driving a lot of that. Life Sciences we expect to be above-average growth for us, and that will be driven by the new requirements, including serialization. If we look at some of the heavy industries, there we expect that oil and gas will be weaker in the U.S. for sure and especially in the first half of the year, but we do expect Latin America to be a little bit. Overall, oil and gas will be down about 10% next year. And then some of the small – excuse me. First, mining will continue to be weak across all regions, with the commodity prices continuing to be down. And also you're seeing a lot of restructuring in the larger global customers, and that tends to slow CapEx spending while that's going on. In some of the smaller verticals, pulp and paper, we think it will be in line with the company average. There is spending going on in the U.S. and Canada for modernization. Metals continuing to be weak and soft, and just a couple of large projects that we'll be participating in in EMEA and Asia-Pacific but overall weak. Chemicals, about the company average, and obviously everyone knows what's going on there with the lower feedstock prices driving additional expansion and modernization in that industry, particularly along the Gulf Coast. So that's a quick overview of all the key verticals and how we're thinking about them next year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think at this point, we haven't seen the stabilization or the bottom. We were a little surprised with the drop in the U.S. this last quarter. The rest of the world operated pretty much as we expected, but the U.S. was stronger decline, which is why we're believing we haven't gotten to stabilization yet. We'll learn a lot more in the first calendar quarter as all of the key companies release their capital spending. But as you've seen with some of the recent releases, they're expecting that to continue to be reduced in the next year, in some cases as high as 20% to 30% reduction. So we're not expecting capital spending to be strong. We do believe that they will continue to spend on driving down their operating costs. We believe we have some new technology that we'll also be talking about at Automation Fair that enables us to create a much more productive oilfield as well as the ability to create more of helping them maintain their assets, their rotating equipment, which is very important in that industry with some capabilities in remote monitoring and in asset management capabilities of that equipment. So we think in some of the smaller countries, they will continue to create opportunities for us to help them become more productive so they can compete better against some of the majors. So the Latin America countries, in particular, Southeast Asia, we'll see some benefits there. But overall, it's going to be another declining year of capital spending in that industry in 2016. So that's why we're cautious about how we're approaching this because we don't believe we've seen the bottom.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. Certainly, Europe, the best part of our success story there is the continued expansion into the OEM space. We continue to expand the number of customers that we have, and we continue to expand the breadth of our portfolio to where it's more than just a motion on the machines. We're growing our safety business there and we're growing our network sensor business there in addition to our standard drives. So we do see the OEM business in Europe as one of the areas that has been responsible for our continued growth, even in a very difficult environment.
Keith D. Nosbusch: But as we have often said, the areas that we're very careful and cautious about is, as an intellectual capital business, we have to continue to invest in new technology. I mentioned a lot of new products coming out. We want to finish those. And we also need to make sure that our customer-facing resources stay as strong as possible because that's how we're going to get the interest level at our customers with our capabilities. So it does require expense spending to do that. It's all about people. And those are the areas that we want to maintain as high of a capacity as possible for the reasons that we do see this as short term in nature. And we are building our capabilities and our product and service portfolio for the long term for our customers.
Keith D. Nosbusch: The simple answer is we are putting it all on the market at this point in time. We believe, to your earlier part of the question, know that some of the new capabilities that we're going to come out in the batch hybrid space will create additional opportunities for us. And as I mentioned, we have some strong capabilities now in the oil and gas space that we believe will also help drive productivity as opposed to just looking at increased production levels and new wells. We think we have an opportunity to help customers reduce their operating costs, improve their competitiveness with the lower oil prices. That's very important, and it's something that they're very interested in as opposed to just expanding the production rates themselves. And so we think there are a couple of things in here that allow us to still be very focused. We've improved some of our go-to-market strategies in the industry with some project pursuit capabilities. And so we continue to add capabilities to our platforms. So I wouldn't say people are catching up with the multi-discipline control. And I would say we're continuing to remove any of the shortcomings against some of the pure DCS players with our modern DCS approach. So we have a lot of expectations for our ability to continue to grow in process.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay, that concludes our call today. Thank you for joining us, and I look forward to seeing all of you at Automation Fair next week in Chicago, and safe travels.
Theodore D. Crandall: Shannon, your question about high attendance and low spending right now and that disconnect, what we're hoping it is indicative of is customers' expectations that despite low spending right now that they will be spending more sometime next year or sometime this year.
Theodore D. Crandall: I think we really did have good working capital management this year. But in the interest of full disclosure, we also have some favorable timing items that we benefited from in 2015. I think we had some favorable cutoffs at the end of the year on receivables, and we also had some benefits in the timing of things like tax payments this year. So this was an exceptional year for cash flow generation. Some of that is going to reverse next year, I expect. But we're still expecting another good year in 2016.
Theodore D. Crandall: So $12 million in Q4 and about $20 million for the full year. We called it out because this was an unusually large amount for one quarter. We're expecting to generate about $25 million of savings in 2016 on that $12 million of restructuring spent in Q4, and that's reflected in our productivity expectations for next year. For next year in terms of restructuring charges, what we'll build into the plan is an amount that is similar to this year – or to 2015, I should say.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, and I'm sorry. In A&S and CP&S, it was roughly equal. The restructuring charges in Q4 were roughly equal between the two segments.
Theodore D. Crandall: Right. First I would say, I was going – you just mentioned it -- I was going to start the answer by saying you know, we don't have great visibility. And I think your question is a legitimate question because there are concerns right now. There has been overall continued very slow global growth. We've got the slowdown in the U.S. in Q4 in industrial business. And if you look in the emerging markets, Brazil and China are still – we're not really seeing anything that is a near-term catalyst for improvement there. But as Keith mentioned, the forecasts for GDP and IP for 2016 are still indicating growth. Generally, our sales tend to track well with IP growth. In the media and what we're hearing from business people and customers, people are not talking about the recent conditions in the U.S. as a general recession, although there has been some noise about maybe an industrial recession. In the U.S., the consumer side of the economy still seems to be in pretty good shape, including the most recent jobs report that was very positive. And we've generally thought that this should be a longer up cycle given the sluggish global growth. So it was all of those things that we took into account in looking at the outlook for 2016. And based on that, we're thinking this is more of a pause that will be followed by some sequential growth, not the beginning of a deeper downturn.
Theodore D. Crandall: No, I would say generally we're not expecting to see sequential growth until the second half of the year.
Theodore D. Crandall: So, Jeff, my comments are going to – this is Ted. My comments will reference the U.S. July was a little bit below where we thought it would be. Things picked up a little bit in August and then deteriorated significantly in September, and September got worse as the month progressed. You know as it relates to inventory that generally our end users and OEMs don't keep a lot of inventory of our stuff, and we have very good visibility in North America of the channel inventories. There has been no significant change in channel inventory, so we don't think this is about destocking. I think what we believe is what we have seen here, it has been – in the U.S. this year it's been generally a lower number of larger projects. But what we saw in the fourth quarter and particularly September looks like a turn down in both MRO and small project spending. And that's why in my comments I suggest that we think this is both capital spending and operating spending.
Theodore D. Crandall: So in terms of our price realization in Q4 and the full year, it was right at about one point, maybe even a little bit better than that. I'd say this year has been a little bit better than average, so pretty much as we expected. I think it would be fair to say we haven't seen any significant change in competitor pricing dynamics. But the U.S. dollar being as strong as it is, is not helpful and thus put increased pricing pressure on us.
Theodore D. Crandall: I think it's a couple of things. There is some spending increase, but it's pretty modest year over year. And then probably the most important thing is we're expecting another strong year for productivity, similar to what we generated in 2015, and that should be helped by the restructuring charges that we took. And then equally important is there's going to be some tailwind from incentive compensation with lower sales and lower EPS year over year.
Theodore D. Crandall: Jeremie, I think the other thing coloring our view of oil and gas in 2016 is particularly in our solutions businesses, we're going end of the year with a weaker backlog, and our front-logs would indicate that we're going to see continued declines.
Theodore D. Crandall: Jeremie, this is Ted. I didn't mention pension because it's a pretty modest change 2015 to 2016. On an operating cost basis, it's less than $5 million, and the full-in GAAP pension expense increase year over year is about $15 million.
Theodore D. Crandall: Steve, I think we believe that the restructuring charges that we took at the end, across 2015, and particularly in the fourth quarter should be reasonably sufficient to get our cost structure adjusted to what the current outlook is. There in any year we've always got some normal level of restructuring charges, which I would say typically is about $10 million a year. We left an extra $10 million in 2016 because of the uncertainty around the outlook right now. And so if things play out the way our current guidance indicates, we think our cost structure is in pretty good shape. If things get a little bit worse, we will probably be looking at taking more restructuring actions.
