Blake Moret: Yes. I don't think we would call it isolated to a single geography. Although we certainly saw weaker-than-expected performance in the U.S., it's not purely projects, some of which have been pushed out. It's also the MRO spend. We have a very large installed base and so that's a significant portion of our Automotive business in any given quarter. We continue to see new program commitments, particularly in EV. And you've seen some of the news from some of the big brand owners about their large investments in that area. But it's hard to predict the timing of whether some of the business that we're already tracking will come in, in 2018 or push out to 2019. So I would call it, mixed results, but it's -- it includes some MRO as well as program softness.
Blake Moret: Yes. So in oil and gas, the strength and growth is a mix of what we might characterize as more flow business as well as some large projects starting to hit. So I think we are seeing that across segment profile of the various types of business. There are other parts of Heavy Industries that are also strengthening. So we're seeing it in metals, for instance. Pulp and paper in several industries. We include semiconductor in Heavy and that continues to be at high levels of spending.
Blake Moret: We saw a little bit of softness at the very end of December. I will say that January orders -- or business has started in line with guidance.
Blake Moret: Sure. I think there's a substantial amount of optimism in the market, particularly among U.S. manufacturers, but broad-based across many verticals. And that optimism, whether it's in the treatment of capital investments or lower tax rate to be more competitive worldwide, there's a lot of things to be optimistic about. It's too early to quantify those benefits. So we need a couple of points to be able to draw a line and to be able to come up with a magnitude of the potential impact on additional spend on the part of our customers. But the mood is definitely optimistic.
Blake Moret: So when we talk about the strengthening in Heavy Industries, Heavy Industries is biased more towards our solutions business, services and solutions, which is a longer-cycle business. So in that business, some aspects of it may have, on average, a 5- or a 6-month lead time. So we get a little more visibility for that. And because Heavy Industries are up and we talk about a strong book-to-bill in the quarter, we are seeing increased backlog.
Blake Moret: No, we're not hearing our U.S.-based manufacturers talk about spending with us being impacted as a result of that. Obviously, we're seeing some very large spending being announced by some of our good U.S. customers. I think Ford made an announcement a week or 2 ago, and we'll continue to see that biased around EV. Outside of North America, I can say that earlier this month, I was in China meeting with automotive customers and I was very encouraged. I was talking to indigenous Chinese companies. So these weren't JVs or U.S. companies servicing the China market, wanting to talk to us, a lot in the EV space, both in terms of brand owners as well as Tier suppliers. And there's obviously a lot of activity going on there, a lot of new players. And I'm happy to see that we're covering all of them.
Blake Moret: Sure. So in software, a couple of the main areas of software investment and these aren't new, so these are strengthening existing investments. We talked a lot about the new value from The Connected Enterprise as including information software. And so we certainly see increased investment there, but also in our core. In our core would be the control, the configuration tools as well as the visualization software. That's an important area for us, as we have a common software environment for all the different types of control, whether it be discrete or process or hybrid. And we continue to invest heavily in those areas to simplify the experience throughout the life cycle. So whether it's in the design part of a control project, they operate or the maintain, those are important areas that, we think, we provide differentiation and we intend to continue that.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think we continue to see the basic backdrop of softened SAR, so there is certainly a reduced growth in the overall units. On the other hand, we see the mix of the brand owners continuing to be strongest in their highest-profit products, so the trucks and so on. And that's good for us, as well. EV and the number of new suppliers, the number of new models envisioned, that's an offset to the general reduced growth in the raw number of units being produced. It's hard to say how those will end up balancing, but what we're guiding to is about flat for auto for the full year.
Patrick Goris: Rick, it was a few pennies of EPS. And our assumption is that some of that will come back in the balance of the year.
Patrick Goris: Yes, so you're correct. The margin is at 30%, and that's a very high level. We expect it actually to be the high point for the year for this segment. It's really a function of organic growth offset by investments. As we intend to increase some of the investments during the balance of the year, we think that the segment margin there for the balance of the year and the full year will be a bit below the margins we saw in Q1. In terms of incremental margins for that segment, I would recommend you look over a longer period of time over several quarters as to what the incremental earnings has been or the earnings conversion for that segment. If we talk from an overall company perspective in incrementals of 30% to 35%, earnings conversion at mid-single-digit organic growth, we would usually expect earnings conversion a little bit better than that within Architecture & Software.
Patrick Goris: I would start out by saying that Logix still grows above the A&S average. The other thing I would point out is that we've had a really good year in Logix last year. It was up 10% year-over-year for the full year. And in Q1 of '18, we grew 6% on top of 8% organic growth, which we delivered in Q1 of fiscal '17. So I think continued good growth in Logix becomes -- become a little bit tougher.
Patrick Goris: Rich, this was at the very end of December, the last week or so of the year. It was just slower than what we expected. It was in the U.S. No particular vertical.
