Patrick Goris: Yes, Scott. Good morning. Patrick, here. We’re still fine-tuning this a little bit and operationalizing the changes, of course. But preliminary estimates based on fiscal 2019 results, and the numbers I’m going to give you is, give or take, a few points in each the direction. Think of Intelligent Devices as being about 20%, Software & Control about 30%, and Lifecycle Service is about 15%. And so roughly, these are based on fiscal 2019, the segment margins. And I would add to that, Scott, that – and it may be very helpful for you guys is we do not intend to change our definition of segment operating earnings.
Patrick Goris: From a probably a receivable risk or credit and collection risk, we would actually say that in the last quarter overall, our overall, call it, the current receivable percent actually slightly improved. And so I’d say that doesn’t mean that there are some – one these twosies, where we may have some challenges. We always have that. But I’d say our overall portfolio has actually improved in the last quarter.
Patrick Goris: Yes, John. So, in April, we mentioned that we implemented cost reductions that would yield over $150 million in year-over-year savings. That included a significant amount from temporary actions related to not having a bonus this year, but also some of the temporary pay cuts we implemented. We are achieving the savings we targeted. The temporary actions remain in place. As we undo dose temporary actions in fiscal 2021, they provide a headwind. That headwind, based on, as Blake mentioned in his comments, on doing the pay cuts at the end of the calendar year, that headwind is a little north of $130 million. We intend to neutralize that through: one, structural cost actions we’ve taken in September last year with some carryover, but also the cost actions that we’ve announced today. Those combined are expected to yield over $40 million of incremental savings in fiscal 2021. We’ve identified additional cost savings that are a little over $50 million. And then finally, we expect to maintain lower levels of discretionary spend going forward. Maybe a little bit more color on the additional cost savings that I talked about. That includes permanent elimination of some open positions. In fiscal 2020, we have some one-time costs and inefficiencies related to the pandemic or even acquisitions, and we’re in the process of reducing our real estate footprint globally. And so a lot of moving pieces there, but it is our intention to neutralize the reversal of temporary actions in fiscal 2021 through these cost actions.
Patrick Goris: I would also add Julian, that the solutions and services orders and shipments are probably a little more subject to calendarization within the quarter to our products and that orders tend to come in later in the month and the last month of the quarter for both orders and shipments is typically stronger. So, it’s a little more sensitive to which month you’re in than the product flow.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So, investment spend for the second half of the year is about down, about 6% year-over-year. Basically the same as what I shared with you last quarter. In terms of Q4 decrementals, they will be better. And so we expect our core decrementals to be in the mid-20s in Q4 and the main reason for that is that we get a bigger benefit from the temporary cost actions. We get three months rather than two months and in the fourth quarter compared to the last year, we have about a $30 million benefit as well from lower incentive compensation expense. So, higher run rate of the cost actions we have taken and also a bigger tailwind for lower incentive compensation in the fourth quarter.
Patrick Goris: The order transfer, they were still down significantly versus the prior year for both June and July. And so we – the worst performance year-over-year from an order perspective was in April. We’ve improved sequentially since, but they’re still down in the mid-teens for both June. And we’re, I would say, gradually improving sequentially and as well as the year-over-year delta is becoming smaller.
Patrick Goris: April was the worst from a year-over-year perspective. And the subsequent months were a little bit better from a year-over-year perspective on the order intake.
Patrick Goris: Yes. I think the way you can think about it, Josh, is that going back to our framework of our objective to deliver mid-single digits of organic growth, 30% to 35% earnings conversion. And so the level of growth will determine how much more we intend to invest, but I can’t give you a certain percent that says this will be a trigger to invest more than we otherwise would. But that long-term framework of 30% to 35% earnings conversion at mid-single digits, it’s something that over a longer period of time we intend to adhere to.
Patrick Goris: It is still early in July, but what we’ve seen so far is not untypical. And of course, our guidance assumes that we’ll see continued improving trends sequentially.
Blake Moret: Sure. I mean, we’ve talked about our culture as involving a steady stream of new ideas. And bringing those new ideas into the organization comes from unlocking that innovation from our existing talent in the organization. It comes from acquisitions, and it comes from hiring at different levels of the organization as well. And we’ve got great existing leadership in the company, but there’s always good ideas that we can incorporate from the outside. And so as we launch this new segment of Software & Control, we do expect to bring those perspectives in with the leader of that segment.
Blake Moret: Yes. I would also add to that, John. And from an EV standpoint, we watch closely. We recognize that the rush to add electric vehicle portfolios from big and small companies is new. And not all of those start-ups are going to survive. So, we manage that closely. I should also add, because so much of our business goes through distribution, we’re keeping very close to our distributors during this time so that we’re in constant communication to make sure that we understand what they’re going through. And so that’s an important part of our day-to-day operational activities, both in terms of the direct project business as well as the flow business through distribution.
Blake Moret: Sure. I think from an electric vehicle standpoint, a lot of these companies, whether they’re big established companies that have divisions devoted to EV or they’re start-ups, they have to bring a portfolio of vehicles to market to get a return on all that investment. And while those projects, in some cases, have been delayed, we’ve seen very little in the way of cancellations there. And I think that’s probably a general view of the automotive industry in that we did see MRO a little bit better than our expectations in the quarter. It was low, but it was better than we feared. And projects continue to move, although at a slower pace.
Blake Moret: Yes. So, on the solutions and services, year-over-year, I would just say that our book-to-bill was 1.05 and that we built backlog in the quarter. And that our backlog is up year-over-year for our solutions and services as well. And I think that provides you some indication there. In terms of timing of orders for solutions and services, I think looking at that by week or by month is not always as helpful as it is for our flow business, our product businesses. And so I don’t think that providing that by month would be very helpful. What we have seen is some project pushouts. But as more and more customers have opened up, we’ve seen our services folks being called back into customer locations, and we’ve seen our solutions people being able to enter some of our customer facilities as well. And so there is an improvement sequentially there.
Blake Moret: Yes. A couple of things and let me just circle back, Jeff, to put a finer point on Patrick’s comments. The order development that we’ve seen over the last few months is consistent with that idea of a gradual recovery. So, as we look at that year-over-year and sequentially, a gradual recovery is what we continue to see through month-to-date in July. From a food and beverage standpoint, the basic issue is that these companies, given are weighting more heavily towards prepackaged food that goes to the grocery store or directly to the home, they’re running full out. And so most of our efforts and theirs are devoted to maintaining production at really high levels. We’re seeing a continued demand for flexibility. In this case, the food producers are moving quickly to be able to change their packaging formats to be able to meet what’s being bought today. And in many cases, people who were eating at home much more than they ever have. We think that long term, the trend towards additional flexibility will only become greater. People are going to continue to want a variety of packaging formats, and we really haven’t seen an overall SKU reduction across the industry. The mantra of the packaging machine OEMs driven by the end-user demand is getting to zero change over time, to go from one packaging format to the next, and we haven’t seen any reduction in the focus in that area, which requires a lot of automation.
Blake Moret: Well, I think our primary industries and the areas within those industries that we’re putting particular focus do have good long-term growth prospects. When you talk – you mentioned Life Sciences, and people are going to continue even after we get past this current environment. People are going to want to live longer, healthier lives and so Life Sciences is going to be a continued area of focus for us. Food and beverage, for obvious reasons, they’re going to continue – it’s going to continue to be important. I think the trend towards electric vehicles, increasing. And even in the worst of the lockdowns, the world was still consuming 60 million or 70 million barrels of oil a day. And so the desire to produce that oil as efficiently as possible is in line with what we’re doing. In terms of the quantification on our results, it’s going to be varied by industry. And I’ve talked before about how I think we’re going to see the movement probably most pronounced in the discrete and the hybrid industries, where you’re not as tied to the resource itself sitting in the ground, whether it’s mining or oil and gas or what have you. So far, the orders that we’ve seen that I would call are incremental come from machinery builders in Europe, comes from life sciences companies in the U.S. We’ve talked a little bit about that. And so I think it’s going to be gradual, but these are longer-term trends. And we also look at ourselves and what investments we’re making to increase resiliency. And as Patrick said, we are making some capital investments in the U.S. to increase resiliency. In our case, it’s to build some of our high-value products in more than one place. And I think when we have those ideas and a lot of our customers are thinking about it like us, then it’s fair as soon that they’ve got similar plans.
Blake Moret: Well, we certainly intend to continue to gain share. I think it’s not only picking the applications such as EV within the broader verticals, but it’s also the mix of what we’re offering as well. And we’ve talked a lot about recurring revenue in terms of software and high-value services and then a maybe better balance across the industries as well. So, we talked before about how this year, automotive will be less than 10% of our business, it’s very valuable. And we expect that business to grow profitably for us over time. But I like that we’re serving a host of industries that have great long-term prospects. And so we do intend to gain share across a broad front.
Blake Moret: Yes. Josh, I can add to that. Even with the restructuring that we announced, a significant portion of that frees up resource for reinvestment. It’s not just about the cost savings year-over-year, but it’s to focus resources well in the areas that we think are going to be particularly important and in the organizational changes. The primary purpose of that is to accelerate profitable growth. We’re looking for efficiencies, and we expect we’ll find some, but the primary purpose is to accelerate profitable growth.
Blake Moret: Yes. It’s a great part of the market for us. Traditionally, for a long time, we’ve had a very good fit with the products when you think about the material handling and sortation. I think we’ve added some products that have spurred some of the recent opportunities and wins that we’ve seen. Independent cart is one area, so very high-precision motion control is needed even more than ever, the traceability that’s used in their software systems. And so I don’t see it as being constrained by products for the automation or channel. We’re close to a lot of the key suppliers in the area. But we are, to your point, looking at ways as to how we can develop that even more because that’s one of those long-term trends that we continue to expect to benefit from.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think we continue to expect a gradual recovery in orders and sales. But at the heart of it is the infection rates and to look at how the countries in which we operate in get the spread of infection under control. I think that’s really the fundamental pacing item as that improves. Then we have a much more positive outlook. I would also say that, as I did say in my earlier remarks, there’s a limit to how long we can keep those temporary reductions in place. And at some point, we would have to substitute more structural reductions for the pay reductions, because we can’t go on past a certain amount of time with those temporary reductions affecting our entire workforce.
Blake Moret: Yes. I mean, we’re seeing plans, particularly for those who were developing therapeutics and vaccine candidates. So we’re seeing them either directly or through their contract manufacturers in the middle of plans to ramp that up now. Now that’s not the entire market. But what is common across the entire life sciences market is the accelerated interest in digital transformation. They know that they’re not going to be able to get to scale without the basic automation and the ability to schedule product manufacturing and so on, driven by software. So we’re definitely seeing those plans increase. They’ve got a little bit of the situation that food and beverage does in that many of them are already just trying to ramp up production with their existing assets. But I think we’re going to see that over time. I don’t expect it to be a step change, but we’re definitely seeing the slope with the current increase with respect to Life Sciences customers.
Blake Moret: Yes. There’s no question that the oil and gas business is under a lot of pressure right now. But Sensia’s positioned exactly where I would want it to be positioned, and that is focused on operational efficiencies and decreasing the breakeven point to produce a barrel of oil and I think there’s some evidence that, that is where the market is investing and that orders for Sensia were actually a little bit better than our expectations in the quarter. So it’s a tough spot for oil and gas, but helping them produce more efficiently is right where I want to be.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. To summarize, we remain focused on the well-being of our employees, we’re managing prudently through a gradual recovery, and we are taking steps to accelerate long- term profitable growth. Nobody is better positioned to bring information technology and industrial operational technology together than Rockwell and our partners, and we wish you all good health, and thank you for your interest and support.
