Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thank you, DeLou. Good morning, and thanks, everyone, for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the fourth quarter and the full year and some commentary on our outlook. Then Ted will review the results for the quarter and our guidance for fiscal 2013. He will also spend some time today going through the components of pension expense, our new definition of segment operating earnings and our new non-GAAP measure of adjusted earnings per share. We'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. Our results today were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. In addition, our supplemental financial data document is available on our website, and it includes reconciliations to our new non-GAAP EPS and segment earnings by quarter for 2008 through 2012. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. We appreciate you starting your week with us today. We've got a lot to cover, so the call may go a little bit longer than an hour. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great. Thanks, Ted. [Operator Instructions] So, operator, why don't we go ahead and take our first question.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. So that concludes today's call. Thank you, all, for joining us, and we look forward to seeing many of you in Automation Fair next week. Actually, starting this week; actually, it's this week. It's been a busy month. So we'll see you later this week. Thank you.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, it's a little early to get a read on the CapEx because most people are calendar year, and we really hear that more in our second quarter. But I would say from -- anecdotally, at least, from the commentary we're hearing, we don't expect that it will be an increase from where we're currently seeing it. And the question will be, I think, how do some of these other factors play out over the next couple of months, particularly the fiscal cliff and elections in the U.S. and the debt and the euro crisis potential that remains in Europe. So I think those are the factors that we need to get some, I'll just say, better clarity and certainty around to be able to understand what is going on. Also, some of our customers, at this point, I think, are taking a little bit of a wait-and-see attitude. But I think that's more around, I'll just say, the OpEx type of projects than the larger capital investments that typically require higher level of approvals.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, I think that's a fair characterization. It's a similar situation we found ourselves in last year. We need to rebuild our solutions backlog. That's going to take some period of time. And certainly, we, typically, historically see, even independent of the backlog, a reduction in our Q4. We typically see a softer Q1 in our solutions business already. So I think those -- that combination of traditional reduction, plus the accelerated amount of backlog that we burned off and the weaker orders portend a softer first half of the year in our solutions business.
Keith D. Nosbusch: We have not seen any real change in the front log or the, I'll just say, quoting activities over the last 6 months. It's been pretty flat, so we haven't seen it going up. But we haven't seen much of a change in that dimension of activity. Where the real change has been in the last 6 months has been in Q3. We talked about project delays, and the majority of that was in the front log areas. And then in Q4, that picked up even a little more. So I would say the activity remains constant, or relatively constant. But the decision making is taking longer to close orders than it had in the first half of our fiscal '12. So I would say that's where the change has occurred as opposed to, I'll just say, engineering fee projects and quotations. And I think I'd characterize it that way.
Keith D. Nosbusch: You have a good memory. That goes quite a bit back. But I just think every period is unique in its own way, and I think to characterizes it back to that point in time, I believe the -- over the economic environment is very different today. So I think it's more just a -- the uncertainty is creating less than confidence in the -- in their outlook, and therefore, they're just delaying decisions and waiting to see how a few things unfold before they make commitments. And it's just -- we're just in a period that, that has to play out, and ultimately, it'll go one way or the other. But at this point, we're just seeing the uncertainty as the -- is the overriding, I'll just say, behavior.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I guess a couple of things. Where we see the strongest activities continues to be in automotive and oil and gas, and that would be pretty much on a global basis. If you look at heavy industries and you take oil and gas out of there, I would say, currently, where we're seeing the greatest slowdown in buying at this point would be mining, is probably the toughest area at this point in time. Some of that is driven by labor situations, such as you have in South Africa. Some of it is demand from China and India impacting Australia, and some of it is just the environmental issues associated with some of the large new mines, particularly in Latin America. So it's probably created a slowing of investments, and I think that's the area that we see it the most. With respect to consumer, I think we still see -- consumer isn't one that has high peaks and high -- and low valleys, so I think it's stayed pretty well flat. But there's no question that the global investment in consumer products is more in -- is being slanted more to the emerging markets than it is to, I'll just say, the U.S. and Western Europe.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Logix -- organic growth for Logix in the quarter was 6% year-over-year, and for the full year, it was 8% growth. So we're happy with the performance of Logix in the year. I think our ability to continue to expand the platform, in particular, with a number of -- actually, 3 new midrange platforms, gives us optimism. And that's why my comments about we're pleased with our new products, but we're also counting on those new products to drive growth in this next fiscal year. So I don't believe delays or customer -- lack of customer certainty has impacted disproportionately anything associated with our Logix business, and I think we are better positioned, going into '13, with these new platforms than we were coming into '12. So I think it's an area that can help us across-the-board, both in process, as well as our OEM initiatives. And whether that be in emerging markets or mature economies, we think it -- the broadening of the portfolio bodes well for us going forward.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. And to Ted's point, part of the redeployment of resources with the headroom we created from our restructuring actions are to do just that, to focus on our core platforms and to support the commercial initiatives, particularly the emerging markets. So we do see that as a -- as one of the better opportunities, and process in OEMs remain right up there as far as where we think we have the greatest long-term growth potential.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think it was interesting, Europe, because it was a combination of good growth in a lot of the emerging Europe, which would be, for us, Central and Eastern Europe, including Russia and then the Middle East and South Africa. So that was significant growth, double-digit growth in the quarter. I think Western Europe was more mixed. We had some very good success in a couple of countries and, in particular, good success in the U.K., good success in some of the northern countries. And really, the greatest weakness for us was in Italy and mainly because of the financial issues there that's impacting both the end users in Italy, as well as the machine builders. So I would say in Western Europe, Italy was the weakest performer for us. As far as being able to keep it up next year, we believe that Europe will be at the -- below the company average, and I think it really depends upon how does the financial and the debt crisis there and the euro crisis unfold. As we said, we're not expecting it to deteriorate from here. But we're not counting on a lot of growth from the mature economies, and we think we'll see above-average growth in the emerging.
Keith D. Nosbusch: The only thing that I would add to that, John, is quite frankly, that's why we have a range. And if you go at the low end of that range, we're not assuming anything in the second half. And if you go to the high end of the range, it kind of fits what Ted just talked about. So I think that range allows all of you to make your best estimate of how you see it playing out from your window. But certainly, we see the potential to operate across that range, and I think the dynamic that Ted talked about is what moves it from the low end to the high end.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think we're seeing mixed at this point, John. China, we have not seen any impact, or I should say, meaningful impact yet of the stimulus, particularly in some of the infrastructure projects. We do expect a little bit of help of that in fiscal '13. But they still have challenges with respect to liquidity, particularly for the small and midsized customers, and their exports, particularly given the impact of Europe to their export industries, continues to be a challenge. So we see China as having another tough year. But a tough year for them means it's still meaningful growth. GDP has dropped down into the 7s with the last one continuing to bring it down. They're going through a leadership change. I think this first quarter here, it'll be a little bit uncertain, and I think we'll get a little more clarity as to what that does positive or negative as we get past the Chinese New Year. So we see China as mixed at this point in time. And we're still very optimistic and bullish on China in the long term, but we have to get through the current environment.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No. We think China, overall, will perform slightly higher than it did for us this year. That's our plan for next year. And we -- as you know, we had a very, very weak start in China last year. We ended much, much stronger, and we think we will be slightly ahead of the fiscal year performance.
Keith D. Nosbusch: We were just under it this year, and we certainly are going to go over it early in our fiscal year. But the difference between organic and with currency caused us to be just slightly under. So we're pleased with where we're at. We almost got to that metric of $1 billion, and we're going to look forward to blowing through it this fiscal year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay, I'd be happy to do that. Well, I think most of you know that our fourth quarter is very heavily weighted to September performance. And September, once again, was our strongest month in the quarter both in orders and sales, and nothing unusual there. I would say it was our typical pattern that we have every year, given the holidays, particularly in the July-August time frame, both in Europe and more and more in the U.S., so very consistent. With respect to October, we believe what we have seen so far is consistent with the guidance we gave and with the commentary that we talked about with first half and second half and our solutions backlog reduction in Q4.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. We think Process will be closer to the company average growth this next year than the significant ink of above-company performance that we had this year. And you're exactly right. It's mainly driven by the softness in orders the last 2 quarters, so not the performance difference that we had this year, but still, ongoing growth and, still, the area that we believe has the greatest long-term potential for us.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, no. I mean, with -- and the reason I say that is with 50 -- more than 50% of our sales outside the U.S., we hear an eclectic set of feedback. And I think the U.S., the predominance is the fiscal cliff and what's going to happen with taxes and what's going to happen with my cost with all the regulation and the healthcare. So I think there is this great uncertainty in the U.S. as to can I make a long-term investment decision without knowing a little more as to what the rules of the game are going to be for some period of time. And I would think there, that is the predominant question that's on people's minds. If you go to Europe, I think it's just -- they haven't solved the fiscal sovereign debt crisis, and everyone's waiting to see will there be some definitive conclusion to that. And the emerging markets are kind of just -- I think you see a little mix there with the emerging markets that have strong exporting, wondering what's happening in the U.S. and Western Europe. And I think where the ongoing positive activity is, is in their indigenous markets and, in particular, in some of the automotive, some of the consumer product areas. That's where we see the least dependence upon what's going on in the rest of the world in those emerging markets and, really, what is the form of government stimulus that is being applied there, which, traditionally, is much more infrastructure types of projects. So it's varied, and I think each region has a unique set of concerns. And that's the backdrop that we see this pause and ongoing uncertainty and, therefore, lack of confidence to make ongoing investments.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, their stimulus is heavily focused into infrastructures, so metro systems. They always -- not always. Last time, as well as this time, they're accelerating projects that would've been done later. But now, they move them up, and they have more lines going in, in parallel than they would have previously. And we still see some strength in oil and gas in China, particularly some of the offshore activities are strong and automotive is not as strong as it used to be, but it's still a healthy sector. And then as I mentioned earlier, the indigenous food and consumer industries, with their growing middle class, is an area that we still see good investment by both indigenous, as well as multinational companies.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. Sure, Scott. First, I think we're pretty pleased with our track record of returning cash to share owners. And over the past 3 years, we've returned about $1.3 billion in dividend and share repurchase and, at the same time, made some pretty sizable contributions to the U.S. pension trust. We've increased the dividend by over 60% in the last 3 years, so we're reasonably pleased with that track record. We had that large pension contribution this year, which held down our repurchases a bit. But next year, we would expect repurchases to be in the range of $400 million, so significantly higher than the $265 million we spent this year. And depending on share pricing or if we're in a range that's close to where we have been recently, that ought to be in the range of 5 million to 5.5 million shares.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I would expect. If you think about the 3% growth for the full year organically, I would expect the first half to be flat to up a little bit maybe and then better growth in the second half.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, great question. Right now, our intention is not to take those savings from the restructuring actions in Q4 to the bottom line, but rather, to use those to kind of rebalance our investments as we go into 2013. Now as we proceed into 2013, if market conditions turn out to be worse than we were expecting, we may not redeploy all of that.
Theodore D. Crandall: No, John. I would say even at midpoint, we would expect first half to be relatively flat to current conditions, maybe slightly better. But then most of the growth has to come in the second half.
Theodore D. Crandall: I would not call it aspirational. But I think we've been pretty consistent saying we don't believe we have visibility that goes out more than 6 months, especially from an order and backlog point of view. I think what we're looking at is conversations we're having with our sales organization, our channel, our customers. We're looking at the macroeconomic projections that are put out there by people like Global Insight. I would say, generally, what we're seeing in those macroeconomic projections, and I think this is also true of IMF, is that there's expected growth next year, but generally weighted toward the latter half. We're also hopeful that once we get past the elections and the fiscal cliff, that hopefully, that will reduce some of the uncertainty we have in North America right now. So we think that's consistent with the notion of whatever's going to happen in our fiscal 2013, it is more likely to be positive in the second half.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. Well, there's -- so at the midpoint, conversion is a little bit over 20%. And if you add it back, the pension expense increase, conversion would be close to 30%. And we think with 3% organic growth being at the low end of kind of what we normally talk about of that normal range in the upside, call it, 30% to 40%, we think that's pretty good performance.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I don't think so. I mean, I think it's simply that the lower that organic growth number is, we just don't get as much volume leverage.
Theodore D. Crandall: We were underfunded by $930 million at year end, which is slightly higher underfunding than year-end last year. And so basically, the drop in the discount rate pretty much offset the favorable contribution we got, both out of asset returns and the pension contribution we made in October.
Theodore D. Crandall: I think in terms of discretionary contributions, we would not expect a discretionary contribution in 2013. So our normal level of pension contributions, primarily related to plans outside the U.S., is about $40 million.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, the plan was closed to new participants. This is generally true for our defined benefit plans in the U.S., Canada and the U.K. They were closed to new participants in 2010, but they remain open for active participants. Offhand, I do not know the percent of employees active versus not active. I would guess it's probably about 40% active versus 60% not active. I can -- I'll check that for you and let Rondi get back to you if that's not correct.
Theodore D. Crandall: I would say nothing significant in the quarter, and I would also say the Logix growth versus the average of A&S wasn't a significant mix boost for us. I think if you look at A&S, we've always said the margins are going to be somewhat variable quarter-to-quarter, in part because of the high underlying contribution margin potential. If you look at the full year, A&S margins were 26.5% for the full year, which was up almost 1 point from last year. I think that's representative of the underlying performance of the business.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think you are correct in your historical observation. Since we don't provide quarterly guidance, I don't want to comment on what I think A&S is going to be next quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: I don't have the number offhand, but I think you're right. Because that is such short cycle, we typically don't have a big difference in book-to-bill on product
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I think that's a fair question. We felt that the most important thing was try and provide investors transparency into the nonoperating versus operating pension costs. We thought we could accomplish that without changing the underlying GAAP accounting. And we thought it was a positive that in choosing the method we chose, we don't have to make these large fourth quarter GAAP adjustments that are a consequence of the mark-to-market adjustment.
Theodore D. Crandall: You're breaking up a little bit, so let me see if I can repeat the question and make sure we got it. You're asking [indiscernible] the sales numbers came in a little bit better than expected in the quarter and could we talk a little bit about how things trended through Q4.
John G. Inch: So some companies have gotten into trouble though by forecasting macroeconomic improvement. And I'm just curious, is this a -- I realize you have some visibility with respect to backlogs. Obviously, you're discussing a lot with your customers. Is this a little bit of an inventory build, or is it process? Or I mean, what would give you the confidence at this juncture to assume that in your June quarter, you're going to start to see a pickup, or is it sort of aspirational? Or just a little more color would be helpful.
John G. Inch: Okay. So your midpoint is assuming the low end of your historical range of a 30% to 40%. That's the way to think about it.
John G. Inch: That's fair. Lastly, China. I think China was up 5% last quarter, up 11% this quarter. Keith, what are you seeing in China? Like what are you sort of seeing on a sequential basis whether you're on brownfield, people telling you -- because companies are, for all intents and purposes, saying it's a flat, but some have actually called out perhaps a degree of improvement.
