Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. As we look to 2023, we are confident in our ability to execute our strategy. Our record backlog, underlying customer demand, and a more resilient operating model set the stage for a year of double-digit sales and earnings growth. As you heard today, we are continuing to invest for our future, including investing in attracting and retaining key talent. I would like to thank our people for their relentless commitment to solving the immediate needs of our customers while focusing on continued innovation and investment for the future. We are excited to share some of these innovations with you at our Investor Day in Chicago during Automation Fair later this month. We will be introducing an industry-first, cloud-native programming application for Logix, a new operator interface package, new I/O for process industries, on-machine motor control, and a host of other differentiated offerings that make this time a historic moment in Rockwell’s journey. Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Blake Moret: So Scott, just working through the different industry segments, we talk about continued investment within the discrete industry segment in EV and battery. I mentioned the Hyundai wind, great wind force for with the greenfield, and we continue to see both the established brand owners as well as the startups increase capacity in their EV fleets because they have to, otherwise they’re going to lose share and they’re not going to be ready to meet growing consumer demand there. So we see that continuing. We continue to see a semiconductor moving forward. And even with a decrease in demand in the consumer markets, the trends remain that people are going to try to make every product that they produce smarter and there’s going to continue to be growth in semiconductor, in consumer and certainly in the industrial markets that we participate in and automotive and so on. So we see continued investment there. And as we talked about a little bit, we’re playing an expanded role in semiconductor production most specifically referenced by that material handling that way for handling wind that we talked about on the call. We see warehouse automation continuing. I don’t see an immediate reacceleration in e-commerce, but for retailers wanting to be more efficient in back of store and in their own warehouses, we continue to see good business there going forward into fiscal 2023. In the Hybrid Industry segment, food and beverage continues a lot of that activity apart from a few of the green fields that we’re participating in is actually productivity and resilience plays within existing facilities. So this is one of the best areas for our cyber security offerings. The services that we’re providing in assessing and remediating and monitoring these facilities is particularly attractive to a lot of these food and beverage and consumer packaged goods companies. Pharmaceuticals, we continue to see the trends towards personalized medicine continuing on and within the Hybrid Industry segment, eco industrial with renewables and energy management water treatment that continues to be strong I think with good secular tailwinds. And then in process oil and gas, we continue to see double-digit growth ahead for the Sensia joint venture. Obviously, there’s a lot of interest in the U.S. expanding our ability to provide energy both for our own domestic needs as well as potentially more export and along with traditional fossil fuels and helping them with their energy transition plans. And all of them of course have those plans. Renewables as well, and we’ve talked before about customers like for solar that are continuing to build out their capabilities in renewables, and we’re playing a strong role in that. So when we look at these verticals, we continue to see strength even in the face of what are certainly some macroeconomic headwinds.
Blake Moret: Yes, Scott, I think the brand owners are going to continue to focus on their profit makers, right? They’ve got their own sources of profit that are funding these new ventures. And so when you think of the trucks and the bigger vehicles, the luxury vehicles that are providing an outsized percentage of the profit, they’re going to be working to keep those areas strong through this. They’re probably going to be very judicious when it comes to model changeovers and things like that, but in terms of keeping those plants up and running that’s a good read for us with all the installed base that we have.
Blake Moret: Yes. Nick, just to add to that, Andrew, the granularity of our analysis and out of our key suppliers, I should add continues to improve. And we think that had a bearing on Q3 and Q4 coming in as we expected in terms of the component supply. Working with these suppliers, we did identify a constraint in chip supply that will disproportionately affect offering control for a portion of Q1. The suppliers that we’re working with have a high say/do ratio. They have characterized the issue. We understand it. We’re working closely with them. But that’s embedded in the Q1 implied guide.
Blake Moret: Yes. So, Nick will add some additional details to this. But we have about 60% of the full year in backlog. Typically, we have about a month. Most of our products are delivered off of a distributor shelf or very quickly from one of our factories either drop ship or through the distributor. And so having well over half the year of our shipments in the guidance in backlog is absolutely unprecedented. And you see the slide that we posted to kind of show the development of that across all three of our business segments.
Blake Moret: Yes. Just to add a little bit more. I touched on some of the new product introductions that we’re going to be bringing out and that really are creating new streams of value for customers and investors for that matter. At Automation Fair, we’re going to be introducing a cloud-native programming package for Logic. This is going to be an industry first for a major programmable controller line. It’s a big deal. It went general availability, it went GA a few days ago. And this is the start of a whole new level of value for our customers for many, many years to come. A new operator interface package that came to us began really with our acquisition of ASEM, it was an extra benefit in addition to the hardware that we have from ASEM. That’s going to be at Automation Fair. A brand-new line of process IO, specifically for process industries, a major step in the areas that we’ve been talking about for a while now to add new process functionality to Logix control systems. On machine motion control with kinetics and PowerFlex, so these are things that customers have been asking for, for years. And we’re coming out now with these items and at the beginning of these new revenue streams. In areas like cloud native software, one of the most important things you get is continued innovation and releases to the market. With on-prem software, you’re often bound by annual or semiannual releases. And while we’ll continue to do that with our strong on-prem offering, continuing to innovate at a faster pace with these new cloud-native offerings is a whole new source value for us. And so some of that is embedded with those investment spending increases, along with the go-to-market to make sure that we’re getting the word out, and we’re in front of the customers we need to be.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think in the first, with – as lead times come in a bit, and we’re seeing that with certain of our product lines, you need less coverage, particularly if you’re a machine builder, you don’t need as many months of coverage of the products to complete your equipment. And so that’s going to reduce the size and maybe the frequency of those orders. And I think that is a positive trend because it means customer service is coming back to where we expected to be. And graphically, you see a bit of that on some of the charts that we showed. In terms of customers with your second point, customers saying, no, we don’t really need it now, not seeing much of that. I can tell you that the calls I’m having with customers frequently are that they want their stuff. And so we’re not seeing much at all in the way of customers saying, ship it when you can. That stuff I ordered a few weeks ago. Don’t worry. I’m not getting those calls. So that would be my characterization of what we’re seeing.
Blake Moret: Yes, those are quarterly rates and I’d put them more in the noise category. I mean, these are rates that are low single digits and they’re well within the range of what we’ve seen historically.
Blake Moret: Yes. So we don’t provide specific information on incoming orders by industry. But based on the line of sight that we have with customers in these areas where we’re working specifically with them on projects, whether it’s in pharmaceutical for getting new medicines to market or it’s new plants for EV like the Hyundai win or oil and gas wins that we see through Sensia. We’ve got pretty good line of sight to that incoming activity, and it remains robust. I mean, again, while the order rates have moderated a bit, they’re still well above pre-pandemic levels in the verticals that I talked about during my tour in answer to Scott’s question.
Blake Moret: Sure. Let me start with that and then Nick may have additional comment. The Software & Control story is really around reduced volume. There’s nothing in there with software rev rec, Plex continues to perform well. We didn’t talk as much about it on the call, but we’re very happy with the development of Plex, with the strategic value, the industrial logic as well as the financial performance of Plex, and we will talk more about that during Investor Day in a few weeks. So there’s nothing there that’s causing margins to be affected. It’s more about the volume. And the issue that I talked a little bit about is with a specific components that are disproportionately used in Software & Control, there’s a reduced supply for a portion of Q1 that picks back up. And so really, that’s – we’re giving a little bit more insight there. But that’s what’s causing the reduction after an over 30% year-over-year growth rate in the fourth quarter with Software & Control. And as we’ve talked about often, all of our products are very highly impacted, positively by increasing growth. We saw that manifested in Q4 with Software & Control, and we’re seeing that moderate in Q1 and then with sequential growth from there through the balance of the year.
Blake Moret: Yes. I like talking about shoring rather than reshoring because it’s really more about the U.S. being an outsized beneficiary of new CapEx as opposed to shuttering plants in China and other parts of Asia and bringing it back to the U.S. It’s really about new lines of business, new capacity, filling out a little more of a local-for-local strategy, got a lot of manufacturers are providing, and I don’t see anything with the current economic headwinds that would cause people to say just kidding. Let’s go back to pushing manufacturing to other parts of the world and chase lower labor rates. I see, if anything, the U.S. continuing to be a beneficiary as people are trying to add redundant lines as people are trying to get closer to their consumers so that they’re not having to rely on 10,000-mile supply chains. We’re going to continue. And one of the things I look at is our own plans as a manufacturer. What is Rockwell doing? And we look at our CapEx that Nick talked about, which is up year-over-year for things that we feel like we need to do for the near-term in office to sustain share gains going forward and the continued investment in the U.S. We have a very important manufacturing that we’re going to continue in the U.S. because it’s our biggest market. And we continue to support manufacturing close to consumer here just as we do in Europe and in Asia and in Latin America.
Blake Moret: So process, we’re expecting good things in fiscal year 2023. And this is an area where even apart from the recent activity, the recent dynamics backlog is very meaningful. And so when we look at backlog, for instance, in Sensia, it’s very strong. It’s an even higher number in terms of the percentage of revenue that’s in backlog for fiscal 2023 than the Rockwell company average. And that’s typical because it’s engineered solutions that take longer to plan and stage and design, commission and so on. So we see that as a good read for oil and gas. There’s activity in mining, and we’ve had some decent wins. I wouldn’t call mining back at a torrid pace there. Metal is pretty good. And we don’t talk as much about metals, but metals continues to be a big automation market and especially with the release of some of the new high-performance drives, we’ve got better capacity, better capabilities than we’ve had in years for addressing that market. There’s still some activity in forest products and chemicals, and we talked about the win with Bora LyondellBasell, where our offerings, our continued enhancement of offerings with Logix Space control systems is going to help us in chemical, the new IO that we’re going to be introducing an automation fair is going to be a major step for chemical as well. So those are some of the things going on there. And then in life science, as you mentioned that, really strong growth in the fourth quarter. We’ve talked about how life sciences is not as affected by the component shortages because so much of our business in life sciences is actually based on software and high-value services. And from a macro standpoint, people want to live longer, healthier lives and personalized medicine is a way to help that objective, and that’s something that we’re particularly strong in.
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, let me start by saying that the overarching driver is what we have in backlog, over $5 billion in backlog is unprecedented. And with continued strong order entry and with continued very low cancellation rates, that’s the primary story. Now in terms of the tone, I did mention during my prepared remarks that we feel like a conservative approach is appropriate. I’m not going to dimension that or quantify that, but that was a deliberate comment in the prepared remarks.
Blake Moret: Well, we’re very happy at the increased participation in M&A that we’ve demonstrated over the last few years and more importantly, the way that it’s helped add new value for customers as well as investors. And we’ll go into this in a little more detail in a couple of weeks at Investor Day. But first, looking at the strategic fit with some well-defined priorities that we’ve talked about and then the financial framework. We’re very happy with the way that our M&A that we’ve already completed, most recently with the CUBIC acquisition and that we have in the funnel will continue to strengthen us as a pure-play automation provider. It’s one of our strengths, and the market access that we have to provide new value from M&A immediately into all of the industry segments of discrete and hybrid and process is second to none. So I’m happy with the way that we’re positioned with M&A. We’re going to keep doing it. We have a strong balance sheet, and we’ve got a great track record of turning these acquisitions into real value.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, the biggest swing we’re going to see Andrew is in our Software & Control segment. Our fourth quarter, we saw good availability of components that we’re benefiting our results in the fourth quarter. As we work with our suppliers there, we are seeing a decline in our Software & Control in the first quarter as we work specific – there’s specific components that we – that will be during part of the first quarter that will be an even shorter supply. And that’s part of what we’re causing – what we’re guiding in our statements about first quarter. This is really coming from our increase – as you can imagine, Andrew, throughout the year, it become even tighter engaged with our component suppliers to make sure we are making the right plans and making the right promises to our customers. And with this, we could see that there’s a couple components that are going to be impacting us in partway through first quarter.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andrew, I don’t really have anything to add to that, that those comments about less than a month and greater than half a year, that’s really focused on our Software & Control and Intelligent Devices. I would call our Lifecycle Services a more normal. It’s slightly elevated backlog, but that’s a more normal type backlog. It’s the other two segments that have the extended amounts of backlog.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. Most of your math make sense and aligns with how we’re thinking about it. We are expecting input cost inflation to continue in 2023, and that’s reflected. And again, about half of what we’re seeing at price, that’s accurate REIT that you’re making, Jeff. As far as the – where that inflation that we’re expecting, we’re expecting all or virtually all of it in electronic components, where we’ve been seeing that continue to go up, and we’re projecting that to continue to go up in fiscal year 2023. Things like logistics, we’ve seen some benefits more recently but we’re calling that closer to flat for next year because while we’re seeing some rate decreases, we’re also anticipating some extra fuel costs that will largely offset that on the logistics side. So in terms of the math on it, I think the only thing I’d point out is that price not only affects the numerator in that equation. It also affects the denominator as well. So adjusting both your – the income benefit but also the impact it has on revenue. That’s what I – that’s where I get to the 100 basis point impact on margin.
Nick Gangestad: No. Our investment spend now – and you got to realize, Jeff, this is coming off a year where we increased our investment spend by 10% or a little over that. And now we’re planning in our plans this year about a 5% increase on top of that. So that brings us to the cadence throughout the year. I don’t see any big significant change in the cadence. When I was talking about the movement of spend, that’s really more a statement on Q1 of last year to Q1 of fiscal year 2023 that will be going up. Sequentially from Q4 to Q1, I don’t see our investment spend changing very much. That will stay at a pretty consistent level.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. I don’t think I have much to add to what Blake said there. We – I think, particularly in the second half of the year, if we started to see some reduction in the backlog driven by reductions in our lead times, we would see that as healthy.
Nick Gangestad: The 5% increase that we’re talking about in fiscal 2023, I just want to make sure I’m answering the right question.
Nick Gangestad: Well, first, on the investment spend, that’s – that I would put in a very normal range of growth for us from a historic perspective. And it’s the typical things that we’ve been investing in. We’re investing in product development. We’re investing in our SaaS capabilities, some of our enterprise digitization. We continue to invest in our sales force and as well as we’ve been doing some investment in plant capacity expansion and we see that continuing to go. We’re also investing in our own talent and the compensation that we are providing for the talent. That’s all part of that roughly 5% increase in 2023. Now one of the big things we have – I said earlier that we have a core conversion that in the 30% to 35% range, that’s in line with our financial framework that we’ve laid out. One of the bigger moving items in that is just the restoration of our bonus that, that we had a noticeably less-than-planned bonus in fiscal year 2022. In this guide, we’re planning for that to go back to our 100% level. And our core conversion if we were to normalize for that would be at 40%.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Julian. The biggest thing I’m talking about when I talk about mix is exactly what you referenced of our Software & Control. It was a noticeable help to us in Q4 with the 30%-plus growth there, and it will become a headwind to us in the first quarter because we expect it to be growing below the rest of the company average. So that swing there will be part of what’s happening. In terms of other things, like things with corporate, other, with tax rate, I don’t see anything out of the norm impacting us in Q1 disproportionately one way or the other versus the full year.
Nick Gangestad: Julian, you’re asking me to start to guide quarterly EPS guidance. I’m trying to give as much color as I can, but I haven’t pegged a exact range for EPS for Q1. We tend to guide for the full year what we expect for EPS.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Steve, one way, we are still seeing, from a macro standpoint, general stabilization occurring from a supply chain perspective. What I’m pointing out what we’re seeing with Software & Control is some particular isolated incidences where we have this visibility of what’s coming at us during the current quarter, and we just wanted to highlight that to you. It’s not a general trend. It’s something very specific and very short term.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, Good morning. And I just wanted to circle back maybe just some of the comments on the first fiscal quarter. So I think you talked about 15% segment margins down from, I guess, 23% sequentially in Q4. And you mentioned mix a couple of times. So is the point there that the Software & Control margins are down very heavily versus that kind of 8-point firm-wide average. And then are we right in thinking it’s around sort of $1.80, $1.90 of EPS in fiscal Q1? There’s nothing odd happening below the line or anything like that? Just wanted to clarify that a little bit on mix and the EPS.
Julian Mitchell: Got it. So that sort of $1.80, $1.90 isn’t a bad sort of starting point, if you’re down from the $2.10 a year ago of EPS.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. And then just – thank you, Nick. Just my quick follow-up would be around the order intake. I think Blake, you made some very positive comments around the overall environment. I guess ABB had talked about kind of a normalization of discrete automation orders by their customers as supply chains are easing and maybe slightly extended kind of times for the customers to place orders because of the macro. So kind of two different drivers maybe weighing on orders a little bit. I just wondered if Rockwell had seen either of those points affecting the order intake at all.
