Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. So, Scott, to your first question, in terms of the April guidance to July guidance, there's no difference in the savings from lower incentive compensation. It's the same in both numbers. But to your question about sustainability. I mean, you're correct and we've been saying all year that when our sales and earnings start to improve once again, we will have to restore the incentive compensation to more normal levels. And so at some point we're going to have a headwind in our margins related to that.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. Hey. So, John, so this is Ted. We were a little bit surprised by the Q3 results. We did not expect to see kind of a sequential decline in the oil and gas business. It was largely driven by Latin America, which was also a surprise to us, and it was related to some project push outs in the quarter because it was project specific it's a little bit hard to call whether this is a trend or whether it's just something unique to this quarter. I don't think we're comfortable calling a bottom in oil and gas but we're not expecting further sequential decline in Q4.
Theodore D. Crandall: We saw this across oil, across Latin America. And so PEMEX was part of it but not the largest part of it.
Theodore D. Crandall: John, I think the other – I'm not an expert on Honeywell, but I think Honeywell's exposure in oil and gas is much more downstream oriented than ours. And I think that's another factor in the performance. And then the biggest thing for us in Process is simply that a lot of our Process Business is solutions-related. Our solutions exposure is much more heavy-industry related. And with oil and gas down significantly and mining down significantly, it's hard for us to post better numbers in Process.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, so I can't. I don't think I want to try to do 2017 guidance, especially on a specific number like incentive comp. But I can quantify it for this year. We have consistently said that the year-over-year savings that we got from incentive comp this year was tens of millions of dollars, but less than $50 million.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, so on auto, we saw growth in auto in Q3 kind of as we expected. And we're expecting Q4 to be a good quarter. In Mexico, Mexico was not quite as good as we were thinking it could be in Q3, primarily around heavy industry. And I think our expectations for Mexico in Q4 are now a little lower than they were a quarter ago.
Theodore D. Crandall: And, Steve, I think more than anything else this is just, what we're seeing is constrained capital spending in heavy industry.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. So, Julian, there's some different questions there. The first thing I would say is from a quarterly progression point of view, this was a pretty typical quarter where we actually saw improvement as the quarter progressed. In terms of overall U.S. market conditions, it's a little bit mixed right now. I mean, our product sales in the U.S. were up sequentially pretty much exactly as we expected, and I'd say we're seeing a positive demand trend on the product side. It was really the solutions and services businesses where we saw the unexpected decline and it appears to be very much related to heavy industry. As you know, we've got more exposure in solutions and services to heavy industry and a better exposure in product sales at consumer and automotive, and I think it's that dichotomy in the performance of those respective verticals that's causing that result.
Theodore D. Crandall: So, if anything in CP&S we're benefiting from a little bit of favorable mix because the product sales growth has been outpacing solutions and services sales growth. Specifically, as it relates to pricing, on the product side, we saw about the same level of pricing in Q3 as we have seen in the earlier quarters this year. On the solutions and services side, in a down market like this, things tend to get more competitive, but I wouldn't say we're expecting any significant impact on margins in Q4.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. So, Rick, I think everything we have talked about around the weakness that we saw in solutions and services orders in Q3 and the delays that we think are going to carry over into Q4, the typical significant revenue uptick we get from Q3 to Q4 primarily related to our solutions and services businesses. We don't think we're going to see that this year, at least not to the same extent.
Theodore D. Crandall: And so that is going to have an impact on operating margin. We're not going to get that same volume leverage, operating margin impact that we normally have in Q4. The other two things are going on in Q4, in Q3 spending came a little bit lighter than we expected. And I think there's going to be some catch up of that in Q4. And then I mentioned in my comments, we've got about $10 million of potential restructuring charges sitting in Q4 as well.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. I don't think we're looking at starvation of MRO and OpEx. And I think, Jeff, the health that we're seeing in product demand is indicative of some reasonable level of MRO spending ongoing. I mean, I think my comments about the vertical exposure on the product side was more related to projects. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I'm not going to break out growth spending. I'll just talk about spending generally. Our sales are going to be down, if we're right about the guidance, by about 4% organically year-over-year. Spending I think is going to be close to flat year-over-year. So, on balance it's a little bit of a headwind to the margins. But when you look within spending I think what you would see is our R&D spending is actually up year-over-year a little bit in absolute dollars and up considerably as a percent of sales because of the sales decline and we've seen some reduction year-over-year in the SG&A areas. 
Theodore D. Crandall: So your first question, I think China's going to be down about 10% year-over-year. I mean, that's our expectation given the Q3 performance and what we're looking at for Q4. I'd characterize China generally, including heavy industry, as stable. It doesn't seem to be getting a lot worse. But I would not say that we think we've turned the corner yet either.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. The powertrain is proceeding as we expected. We've gotten some great commitments this year. And I'd say we're kind of on track for the kind of $20 million incremental that we've been talking about.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. So a couple different pieces to that. First, we've always talked about in our normal course of business we'd expect to spend about $10 million on restructuring over the course of a year. And this year we had provided for an additional $10 million. We have spent some on restructuring earlier in the year. But given the slowdown that we saw in the solutions and services businesses in Q3 and the revised outlook for Q4, we're now kind of taking that into account, as well as assessing what we think we're going to see at least in the first half of next year and we're going through a careful assessment of one, do we need to adjust the cost structure, and two, if we don't need to adjust the cost structure, do we need to do some reallocation of resources so that we can get positioned for what we think the best growth opportunities will be next year. That's a combination of both of those things that have caused us to put some potential restructuring charges into Q4.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. That's something else we've been talking about all year. Our hedges are rolling year-over-year and they're rolling kind of with a lower benefit. So we've still got hedge gains this year but lower hedge gains than we had a year ago. And it's about $13 million on a year-over-year basis.
Theodore D. Crandall: There are always a lot of puts and takes on a year-over-year basis. But I think I'd repeat what I said earlier about fourth quarter margins. Sequentially, it's likely margin will be down a little bit Q3 to Q4. We don't expect to see the same pop in solutions and services sales that we normally see. So we're not going to have that volume leverage this year, that same volume leverage. I think sequentially spending is going to be a little bit higher in Q4. And we've got that potential restructuring charge sitting in Q4 where there was very little restructuring charge in Q3. So those are all the reasons that I think we're going to see a little bit lower sequential margin.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. So subject to what our acquisition spending is we continue to be committed to deploying our full excess free cash flow to share owners either through dividend or share repurchase. And as you mentioned, we did that last year and it required taking on a little bit more debt. I think you're going to see the same thing this year. And so I think the answer to the question is yes. There was another question in there about kind of weakness in the U.S. and I'm guessing you're asking about distribution of cash flows. I would say that has not changed significantly for us as a consequence of the U.S. market conditions.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. Typically, it's because the users don't need the additional capacity. So I don't think the shortage of labor is as big an issue as the users going slower on planned upgrades or capacity expansions.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. Thanks, John. First of all, Process remains at the top of the list in terms of our growth opportunities. It's the large part of our served market and we continue to invest in technology and domain expertise and in market access to take share in Process. One of the factors I think contributing to our reductions in Process is we don't have the same historical installed base to be able to mine recurring revenue in the form of service contracts from those Process Systems that may have been installed 20 years or 30 years ago. So, that's one of the primary factors that we don't see the hedge, if you will, against the volatility in the project-based business.
Blake D. Moret: Steve, speaking specifically of the U.S., we'd characterize the U.S. market as stable. We are seeing some growth in consumer but continued weakness in heavy industry, including oil and gas.
Blake D. Moret: So if we look beyond oil and gas and we look for some of the pockets of relative strength in heavy industries, pulp and paper, we do see growth in pulp and paper. In water, wastewater we had a good Q3 and we expect continued growth there. Chemicals, the chemical industry continues to benefit from the lower cost feedstock from natural gas. And so we see strength in chemical as well.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. Well, Rick, you said it. It is centered on the consumer side and food and beverage. So a classic OEM success story for us in Europe would be a packaging machine builder who's benefiting, quite frankly, from some of our recent product releases in our core platforms. And as they try to be more competitive, as they go after the mid range type of machines, especially in emerging markets, we've given them some new functionality that's allowed them to better compete. And so we're seeing growth in that segment of the OEM market.
Blake D. Moret: Sure. Just to set the context, the Connected Enterprise really is at the heart of the company's overall strategy. And so while we sometimes focus on the new value that comes from the Connected Enterprise with the networks and networks services, security and information management software, it really begins with our core platforms. And so the functionality that I talked about for a machine builder, those same products include the functionality that enables that higher-level productivity. So just let me give an example with that same packaging OEM. They're using our new products, some of our recent CompactLogix releases, Motion, PowerFlex drives to get more performance out of their machinery and more flexibility and to be able to perform safety functions more elegantly. When that equipment is shipped to, say, a food producer, we enable faster line integration with our software. We can provide network design services to remove bottlenecks and we can remotely monitor that line and a hundred other lines around the world to benchmark performance to maximize up time. So the data that can be turned into information to make better decisions already exists in our plan for drives and controllers. And we've been asked by users in a wide variety of industries to get involved with pilots to quantify that value. So they're starting small so that they can have a discreet opportunity to look at the benefits of this new functionality before they roll it out to multiple locations. And that's going to take a little while to play out, and each customer's going to move at their own pace. But we're very encouraged by the early progress.
Blake D. Moret: No, Shannon. It's still the same approach. We don't anticipate any changes in our strategy, the closeness to Microsoft from the recent announcement because most of these partnerships are non-exclusive. And at the end of the day it's bringing positive outcomes to the user, combining the technology and the domain expertise that count. So that particular partnership is a lot around infrastructure and some of the specific cloud-level functionality. What we talk about in terms of new value, importantly, is scalability, and so a lot of the benefit that we can bring to a user is going to happen without having to leave the four walls of a plant. But we continue to work closely with Microsoft and Cisco and AT&T and a host of other partners to be able to bring the functionality that, that customer needs to make them most productive.
Blake D. Moret: Jeff, acquisitions still remain an important part of our growth strategy. And I look at acquisitions as catalysts to identify strategic growth opportunities for the company. So we're not going to get into acquisitions that take us into lines of business that we don't understand but to speed up activities that we've already begun internally. I see it as an important part of our overall growth plan. We remain focused on organic growth first. But then acquisitions as catalysts are in the second position. We have a strong pipeline now. We're pursuing acquisitions now and we're not constrained by any small size limit. The ones we've done recently have happened to be on the smaller side. But we'll look at bigger ones too if they make sense and they fit that model.
Blake D. Moret: And, Andy, on the specific comment around tire. From a worldwide standpoint, there are a number of greenfield tire plants that are under construction or under design around the world. A lot of those are heading towards North America and Mexico. It's a bit of an issue of timing and which machine builders win the big portions of those facilities to determine where those will hit. We have a strong position in tire. That's going to be re-enforced with these new greenfields. But again, we're not exactly sure where all of those orders are going to be placed.
Blake D. Moret: No. Here and there, there are consolidations of steel mills and mines as people are trying to get productivity. We participate in some of the ongoing productivity projects within metals and mining. But the low cost of the resources and the overcapacity is still putting pressure on those verticals.
Blake D. Moret: So, we're going to defer any discussions about 2017 until we provide guidance in November. But I would say, particularly in the solutions and services businesses, our comparisons start to get a little bit easier after Q4.
Blake D. Moret: No. We haven't seen any direct impact from that stimulus on accelerating or increasing the number of projects in the pipeline.
