Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thank you Annette. Good morning everyone. Apologize for the delay at the beginning of this call. We had some technical difficulties. I believe they are resolved now and we can proceed. So thank you for your patience on that. Also thanks for joining us Rockwell Automation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2014 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights of the Company's performance in the third quarter and year-to-date plus our outlook for the remainder of the year. And then Ted, as always will provide more details on all of that and we’ll take questions at the end of Ted’s remarks. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30-days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Keith.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks Ted. Before we start Q&A, I'd just like to ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow up and this will allow us to get to as many callers and questions as possible. So we appreciate your cooperation and Annette, let's take our first question.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. All right well. Yes sorry again for the delay at the start of this call. I appreciate your patience on that. We’ll try to make sure that doesn’t happen again and I’m available obviously for calls after this. So thanks for joining us everyone.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi. Good morning, everyone. I know it’s been a busy earnings season for all you so I appreciate your time today. I hope you all get to enjoy some downtime later in August. The first portion of my remarks will cover the highlights for the quarter. So please turn to Page 3 in the slide deck. Sales and earnings came in as we expected this quarter. Organic sales grew 2% year-over-year. We experienced strong 7% growth in Architecture & Software but a difficult comparison in our Solutions & Services businesses led to a 2% sales decline in Control Products & Solutions. More importantly, we saw sequential growth in both segments and across all regions except EMEA which had a 1% sequential decline. This sequential growth reinforces our view of continued economic growth. Let me give you a little more color by region and by vertical. All of the growth rates I mentioned will be for year-over-year for organic growth. Sales growth in the U.S. remains solid at 5%. We continue to see broad-based industry performance with strength in oil and gas, particularly in shale. In Canada, sales were down 8% with a significant decline in Solutions & Services. We are still seeing weaknesses in resource-based industries; however, the product businesses grew nicely. In EMEA, sales growth of 1% was lower than growth in the first half, again, mostly due to the variability in our Solutions businesses. OEM sales remained healthy. Sales in Asia Pacific were flat because of the large sequential sales increase in last year's Q3. As expected, China sales were down 5% year-over-year, but up mid-teens sequentially. We're starting to see an increase in consumer packaged goods manufacturing investment in China, particularly in brewing and dairy. And as you know, consumer goods is a sweet spot for us. Latin America was flat year over year due to a very difficult comparison as the region grew 23% last year. Mexico sales were flat and Brazil sales were down this quarter, but we expect to see a return to double-digit year-over-year growth in both countries next quarter. Logix was up 7% in the quarter. We continue to see good adoption of our midrange controllers with OEMs. Before I end my comments on top line, let me share a couple of other data points. Our Motion Control business was up double digits in the quarter which is another indication of success with OEMs. Process grew 6% in the quarter. For the full year we now expect process growth to be in the mid single-digit. This is below our previous projection, primarily due to project timing. I'll just touch on earnings in the quarter, because Ted will cover the details. On 2% sales growth in the quarter we were pleased with both year-over-year and sequential operating margin expansion, and free cash flow in the quarter was very strong at 131% of net income. Looking at the year-to-date results on organic sales growth of 5%, we've expanded segment operating margin by 70 basis points. Adjusted EPS is up 6% for the year and would have been higher without the significant headwind from a higher tax rate. Delivering these results while still funding investment spending is a testament to the viability and solid execution of our growth and performance strategy. So onto the outlook. With three quarters behind us, we've narrowed the range of organic growth guidance to 4% to 6%. We continue to expect underlying market growth. On the revised sales growth, we've also narrowed the adjusted EPS range to $6.10 to $6.25. The midpoints of both ranges remain the same. Ted will go into more detail on guidance. Before handing it off to Ted, I would like to remind you that Automation Fair is in Anaheim this year, and we'll be holding our investor conference on Thursday, November 20, one week later than last year. Although Automation Fair is a customer event, it's a great opportunity for investors and analysts to deepen their understanding of Automation and learn more about our capabilities as well as those of our partners. This year, our focus will be on the connected enterprise, and how Integrated Control and Information, we also refer to this as ICI, can help our customers become smarter, more productive and more secure. ICI enables us to expand the value we provide to our customers, which results in superior returns for our shareholders. So please mark your calendars and we hope to see many of you there. In closing, I want to thank our employees and partners for their ongoing commitment to our Company's success and to our customers' success. I appreciate and I know our customers appreciate the passion, innovation and integrity and excellence that is evident in how we do business everyday. Here is Ted to provide more details on the financial results for the quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year. Ted.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well as far as spending for next year, we haven't done any preparation yet for the annual plan at this point. But we certainly have put in additional incremental spending this past year. And we are very pleased with that. We put it in areas that are going to help us mid and long-term in both product development and in the R&D areas and then also in customer facing resources in different regions. So right now we are happy with that investment spending, you saw continued margin improvement in ANS where a lot of that spending has been put and we certainly feel that that will pay dividends down the road and we are pleased that we were able to start spending earlier this year than we have in the past year so very pleased with those investments and we expect them to pay off in the long run.John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank AG: I guess what I'm trying to understand, Keith, is: The degree to which the spending was concurrent with, say, capacity or sales resourcing versus forward. In other words, the spending we've made this year, does that give you a lot more runway for next year? That’s really all I am trying to understand.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Our frontlog has remained stable over the quarter, and and it's been at a good level throughout the year. So we did not see a meaningful change in the frontlog this past quarter. So we think it's still pretty viable and certainly is what we are viewing as why we are expecting higher year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter. So it's our frontlog, we built our backlog last quarter. So we think those are both good indicators why we are able to continue to expect the high, I'm sorry not high, higher year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter.John G. Inch – Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks very much.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. I think there's two things, Scott. Certainly mining, if you look at Latin America, and you look at South Africa in the EMEA region and in Australia, in our Asia-Pacific region Australia, China, and to some degree Canada quite frankly would also be impacted. That's one of the reasons why you've seen the decline year-over-year in our Solutions & Services business with a lot of it coming from really our motor control both medium voltage and motor control centers. So that's one area and I would say probably a significant part of the declined this quarter is because of those businesses in the mining industry. The second is just some project timing. And you know we’ve talked about this all the time that it is hard to look at exactly how projects come in and go out on a quarter-by-quarter basis in a comparison year-over-year and quite frankly last year was a very, very strong shipment quarter and this year some projects slipped out and it was a little lighter in general. We knew it was going to be lighter which is why we mentioned that in the last quarter. But also at the end of the quarter a few things slipped into Q4. So its really those two dynamics that we are going on that we really think is what is behind the solutions and performance minus 4% in the quarter.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I mean given that its project Canada is a very heavily project oriented region for us. It's very hard to say exactly when we are at the bottom or not, but we do I mean specific to your question we do expect sequential growth in the low single-digits about 4% in Canada in our fourth quarter. So if that happens that sequential growth that we've seen this quarter.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Yes that would be a big deal. You go from a negative 8% to a positive 4%, I would imagine that has a…
Keith D. Nosbusch: We saw this growth for up 4%. So we think we are in the rebound stage of the investments to your pointScott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay.
Keith D. Nosbusch: So Q3 this quarter we saw a little sequential growth and we think that bodes well for going forward in the resource industries.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: Okay great thanks, I’ll pass it on. Thanks guys.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Good morning Rich.Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Two questions: On process – so you brought the full year down – full-year growth down. You referenced timing of projects. Where, geographically, are you seeing the biggest push-outs? I imagine there's – we covered Canada a bit, but if you could provide some more color on that? And then just, are there large projects, I assume that are going to help next year as well, and some of those projects that maybe thought were to hit this past quarter have been pushed out longer, or any additional color there, Keith, would be helpful. Thanks.
Keith D. Nosbusch: With process our orders were I think flat year-over-year in the quarter. And we did build process backlog in the quarter. So at this point, we feel that we will continue to see growth in our Q4 and certainly into the start of 2015 that we basically think of backlog as one to two quarters in our business and I would say we continue to feel that oil and gas will drive the big portion of our process business with continued interest in activity and quotation in the chemical side of the business and that's an area where we think we can continue to grow based upon our process control capabilities, our safety capabilities, and our motor control capabilities and we think that will create more opportunities and historically we've had in the chemical segments. So continued strength in oil and gas to your point of pulp and paper in the U.S., anyway investments are being made and our most difficult process areas will be that the mining and the metals will be the two most difficult segments going forward and we really don't see a significant improvement in either one of those in the short-term.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, it was probably another generally typical quarter with respect to the geography and we saw greater growth in the North and particular Germany and the U.K. and I would say in emerging some greater difficulty because of Russia. Russia was a difficult third quarter for us, obviously, everyone understands what's going on there. And South America – South Africa I’m sorry continued to say a weak although the mining has been the mining strikes have been stopped and we are starting to see some activity, but that did not happen in the third quarter at all. So the emerging is split with growth in Eastern Europe and growth in the Middle East, but heavily influenced by the impact in Russia and South Africa to where actually emerging Europe was down slightly in Q3. So basically mature Europe carried the day in the quarter and as I said that was driven by strong performance in the north.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes, I think we continue to believe there is a slow steady growth in particular in the mature our European countries and I think the economic data in our product business performance would support that. And then we got the variability that Ted mentioned.
Keith D. Nosbusch: If I left that impression that would be incorrect. The OEM market is growing in Europe. We are continuing to drive conversions. The fact that our European market was slightly up was more driven by the Solutions & Services variability that happens in the quarter, but we continue to see product growth in Europe. It's one of the reasons I mentioned motion had a good quarter which reinforces that also safety had a good quarter and that is also associated with success at OEM. So if you look at some of the European statistics and the most relevant one would be the German DD&A Association they projected a plus 3% growth for calendar 2014. So we’re still seeing growth in Europe in the OEM space and that's been quite frankly one of the highlights for us in Europe and the team there is doing a great job.D. Mark Douglass – Longbow Research LLC: Well, I guess what I was highlighting is: How much are you outgrowing the OEM market itself? If it's 3%? Are you doing better than that as appose your – or total Europe.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well I think what you may be seeing is more from an order standpoint and as appose to sales, but I don't think – right now I would not say we are having execution problems in executing our process initiative at all. That is not what I would put it on, we don't see any greater losses in our project, the win rates stays consistent, we continue to expand the footprint and our ability to address more applications and more industries, in particular there I'm referring to our growing capabilities in the chemical industry and of course we don't participate in the power generation distribution or refining and those tend to be our large projects and probably a little more market awareness because of the size of those of those projects, but we think we’re doing just fine. Actually on a global basis in the process space and it continues to be our best growth opportunity so right now I would put it on timing and I would be the first to tell you when we believe it is not bad.D. Mark Douglass – Longbow Research LLC: Okay, thank you
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well I don't have the three-year numbers here, so I can't comment on that fact and that's something we’ll follow-up with you on after the call, but with respect to the region, I would say our biggest challenge quite frankly has been India. And over the last couple of years we have seen significant reduction in our sales in India and that's probably been the biggest factor in the performance in the region. I think overall we continue to see growth opportunities in China, we are achieving growth in some of the mature markets, we've had good growth in Japan over that three year period and the only other one I would put in the category of India would be Australia and that’s where its been challenging obviously some of the strength in the Australian dollar over the last two years, the impact in mining and some of the decline of the manufacturing sector in Australia would be the other area where we see the weakness. So if you take out Australia and India, we still believe that we've been growing in the region and that our position has not been compromised or is significantly different than our competitors.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No I don’t think we had – we seen any change, we continue to compete based upon what we would call the modern DCS, which is plant wide optimization that we offer, its huge differentiator and then in some cases again certain process controlled companies we have intelligent motor control and in some industries that combination between control and power is very important and it’s a differentiator that we have. So we continue to be able to compete in both Brownfield as well as Greenfield applications, we certainly – it’s a tough market to your point, but we can feel that we can continue to grow share as we proceed and have it be one of the factors that gives us the opportunity to drive revenue growth.Steven Winoker – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay, great. I'll pass it on, thanks.
Theodore D. Crandall: I think to your point Scott we view what you are referred to as deceleration of more as kind of a project timing issue than an underlying market conditions issue. We had some tailwind from project timing in the first half and we've got some headwinds now.Scott R. Davis – Barclays Capital: That's really helpful. Guys, just – and I'm asking you to take how your crystal ball. I know it's hard in the businesses you're in, but Canada was a bit surprising. We talked about resource industries we know, but some lot of – of your peers have seen a snapback in Canada this quarter, and a better order book for next quarter. Do you have a sense of when that business flat lines out and starts to improve again, or at least, are we at a, what I'll call, a cycle low at this point? If sense of that.
Theodore D. Crandall: I mean I think we’re talking about at this little bit in the past I think going forward kind of at these levels of income, something around 27% is probably a pretty reasonable tax rate to think about.Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I think consistent with prior practice I'm probably not going to help a lot on a by segment look at margins in the fourth quarter, but what I would say is we are expecting and it’s obviously can do the math it's applies to guidance a pretty significant step up sequentially and margin, which is largely a consequence of just significantly higher sales as we go from Q3 to Q4.C. Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: All right. Okay, thanks. That's helpful. Thank you.
Theodore D. Crandall: And you know, Julian I think though we've always said there are some normal variability in quarter-to-quarter results and I think the 1% this quarter in Europe would chalk up more to normal variability then we would to a significant change in underlying market conditions.
Theodore D. Crandall: And it is driven by volume and also on a sequential basis, just not a lot of spending increase as we go from Q3 to Q4.Richard C. Eastman – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay, all right, limited spending. Okay, excellent. All right. Thank you.
Theodore D. Crandall: Hey Jeremie this is Ted. The thing I would add and this strictly about China and strictly about the last year. We were down 5% in China, but we were up 16% sequentially in China in the quarter and year-to-date we’re up 8%. The sequential comparison or the year-over-year comparison in Q3 in China down five that's against the quarter last year when our sequential growth from Q2 to Q3 last year was 40%. So we believe the 8% year-to-date growth is much more indicative of our underlying performance and frankly the underlying performance of the market than the third quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: I think the expectation should be that we will continue to exhaust our free cash flow after acquisition spending on dividend and share repurchase. And so we will do that this year. We've may run a little but ahead of that depending on how cash flow comes in Q4 and depending on what we spend in Q4, but I think that's what your expectation should be going forward.
Theodore D. Crandall: The quarter played out a little similar to Q3 and we did see acceleration as we went through the quarter in particular June was the strongest month in the quarter and we see that continue as we have gone into July at this point.Andrew Obin – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks a lot.
