Keith Nosbusch: As we exited last fiscal year we were cautious in our outlook for fiscal ’10. We had just experienced the largest and most rapid yearly revenue decline in my history with Rockwell Automation and we were just beginning to see stabilization in the macro environment and in our order rates. Fast forward three months and we now believe we are seeing the signs of recovery, reflected by continued improvement in key global economic indicators like industrial production and PMI and by our performance in the first quarter. I’ll talk more about our outlook later. First, let me give you some highlights for the first quarter. Revenue in the first quarter was better then our expectation, particularly in our Product businesses in December. Even though we think Product revenue in the quarter benefited from some unusual year end budget consumption by our customers, it still exceeded our expectations. In our Solutions businesses, revenue declined sequentially in Q1 as expected. We did see improvement in order rates for the first time since the first quarter of fiscal 2009. Favorable revenue mix along with the benefit of previous cost reduction actions contributed to sequential margin improvement in the quarter even after adjusting for the restructuring actions in the fourth quarter of last year.  The results in the quarter and an improved outlook for the year caused us to reverse our temporary pay and benefit cuts in January a quarter earlier then we originally expected. We believe this was the appropriate timing but it will create some additional sequential headwinds to margins for the remainder of the year. The first quarter was another very strong quarter for cash generation, over $100 million. I want to thank our customers, employees and partners for a great start to the fiscal year. Let me set the stage for our outlook for the remainder of the year. While key indicators such as industrial production and PMI are improving, we remain concerned about other factors such as continued high unemployment, historically low levels of capacity utilization and a very cautious capital spending outlook. It now seems that the recovery has started but the shape of the recovery remains uncertain. Absent some unexpected shock to the global economy we believe demand will trend flat to up from here. With this backdrop and using our Q1 results as a new baseline we are providing a revised outlook for fiscal 2010 full year revenue of $4.4 to $4.6 billion compared to our previous range of $4.1 to $4.4 billion. As in our previous guidance, to achieve the high end of the range we need to have meaningful second half over first half growth. At these new revenue levels we do expect to incur some additional expense from restoration of temporary action and higher incentive compensation in 2010. We expect to begin to make some incremental investments to support growth. With these factors in mind we are raising our earnings per share guidance. Our new range is $2.00 to $2.40. This revised guidance reflects the strong earnings leverage that we would expect on incremental volumes, especially with respect to our product businesses. Before I turn this over to Ted, let me highlight a few key developments in the quarter and then I’ll wrap up my comments. We talked at the November investor conference about our growth accelerators in the next cycle; process control, OEMs, safety, information, emerging markets, and sustainability. We continued to see progress in the first quarter.  We had another strong showing in the 2010 Control Magazine Readers Choice Awards, a survey of process control engineers. We placed first in 26 industry categories, almost three times the number of firsts of any other global automation company and a net gain of three positions from last year. In all categories we increased our first place finishes from 11 in 2007 to 36 in 2010. This further validates that Rockwell Automation is a DCS provider in the eyes of our process control customers. Regarding our OEM business, we received a $10 million order from a European packaging machine builder for machines to be exported to China. We received the first order for our new scalable process safety product advance from a national oil company in Latin America. This product enables us to serve a broader range of process industry applications. Emerging Asia grew over 9% in the quarter. In our information software business we received a $1 million order for a production management system at a Chinese automotive company. In closing, we believe that we are at the early stage of a recovery. We will continue to effectively manage our cost structure while appropriately investing in key technologies and growth opportunities. We are well positioned to take advantage of the recovery and we are ready to serve our customers needs when their automation spend increases. Now I’ll turn it over to Ted.
Keith Nosbusch: We obviously exited Q1 at a faster rate then we thought and certain in January what does happen is we do see a fall off. Certainly that did occur and the rate slowed as expected. January to date daily order rate is below the average for Q1 and this is true in both Products and Solutions but I would say that’s our normal typical start. Its one of the reasons sometimes Q2 can actually be lower then Q1.  We really don’t know the continued strength until we get into the mid-February end of the quarter time period because obviously most of the companies are resetting their budgets for a new year and it takes a while for that to work through the system. I would say right now we are seeing exactly what we would have expected. Obviously that’s part of the factoring into our guidance that we provided.
Keith Nosbusch: No, I don’t think it’s because we’re trying to be cautious. I believe, this is more of a broad brush statement then we talked to a handful of customers. What we normally see as December unfolds is a normal start and then about midway through it starts tailing off and then certainly as you get between the holidays it’s pretty slow normally.  Obviously that’s certainly what we were expecting this year because if you remember last year basically everybody shut down and there was really zero going on which is obviously worse then normal. It was a very reduced level last year. We thought we’d get back to a normal seasonality at the end. What we saw was a continued acceleration in the Product businesses through the month. As we went through our normal series of reviews in January getting ready for this call and obviously the remainder of the year outlook we got significant feedback from the various regions and verticals that certainly there was an increased spending thrust as they approached the end of the year. Certainly a portion of that, we believe there are a couple of factors behind that.  One, there had been such a reduction in what I would call just normal operating spending in our second and third quarters and into the fourth that because industrial production picked up there was a natural rebound there as well as supply chains were pretty well done and down and people had reduced their maintenance storerooms and other spending to a point where there was probably a little higher then average replacement.  Then also because that spending was decreased for such a long period of time we do believe there was some end of the year spending bubble that was why we called it unusual. That kind of gives you a lot of color around that question.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I believe we’re seeing two things at this point in time that we didn’t see when we gave our initial guidance. That is a sustained pick up of our product revenues. Obviously we thought that we would have a closer to flat to Q4 during our Q1 and it grew. As I said earlier it grew throughout the quarter which was unusual. The other aspect is our Solutions business where we definitely expected it to continue to decline in sales but quite frankly we were a little surprised that we saw sequential order improvement. The last time we had talked we were still going down in our Solutions business. We believe that we now probably have seen the bottom of the Solutions business and we have more certainty that we have seen the bottom in our Products businesses, although obviously the shape as we’ve mentioned of the recovery is still very difficult.  We think with respect to the magnitude of the change that we’re trying to go right down the middle of the fairway with what we see today. I think traditionally that’s the approach we’ve taken to tell you what we know; when we know it, and try to make sure we’re as credible as possible on both of the sides of the range. I think we have a little more confidence in the stability then we did previously and certainly we believe that unlike last year where Products were going down at a much faster rate then Solutions and therefore we saw all the decremental margin impact.  We now fully expect Products to lead Solutions and therefore you’re seeing some of these higher incremental margins going the opposite way. I think it’s that plus obviously the macro economic indicators, we’ve got another quarter of looking at those. While there not have been significant change they’ve all stayed, certainly the PMIs have stayed above 50 now for a significant number of months. Industrial Production on a global basis continues to show, while not large, certainly some improvement.  I think it’s that total combination including talking to customers and while they may not be increasing their spending dramatically they’re talking about and they’re looking for more quotations. They believe they will be releasing projects later in the year. That’s why we talked about a meaningful second half over first half growth. It’s a number of those aspects that caused us to have probably a little different perspective then we did three months ago.
Keith Nosbusch: I think it’s a little too early to talk about the differences. The similarities that we see is I think people are cautious. This has been a very, very difficult period for many companies and I think we’ll see them trying to drive productivity as long and as hard as they can to try to offset incremental investments. Actually we’re hoping that that will drive some project activity that is more focused on cost reduction and productivity as opposed to true incremental CapEx spending. I just think people are still very sensitive. I think the uncertainty looking forward is probably higher this time then ever, quite frankly. The uncertainty of what new regulations are coming, what new tax environment will they be involved with and certainly I think those are all things that are going to play out. Right now I believe people are probably a little more unsure of what does it look like over the next three to six months. I think we’ll see a little more cautiousness on their part.
Keith Nosbusch: Off hand I don’t know exactly what the percentage was compared to the expectation for the quarter. Basically we saw a strong sequential increase in product sales when we expected it to be flat. We saw a larger then expected decline in solution sales in Q1.
Keith Nosbusch: Legacy was down 20% which makes it sound like a lot but it’s a lot better then fiscal year ’09 when it was down 35%. It was down 20% but up sequentially 9%. It goes into the same category as logics and Ted’s comment earlier that we saw an improvement in our highest margin portfolio which would be the combination of logics and legacy.
Keith Nosbusch: First of all, software isn’t big enough to be notable at the end of the day. We are very encouraged with the continued building of what I’ll call the front log and the pilots that we’ve talked about earlier. We did have some good customer wins as far as the early stages of proof points and that part gave us an encouraging quarter in software. Like I said, it’s still a relatively small number but one that we do see very good signs for, for the duration of the cycle.
Keith Nosbusch: It is. We called is out for two reasons. One that is a large software order. Secondly, it’s in China in the automotive. The other message is these emerging markets are looking at investing in technology and tools to help them be world class and productive. The fact that you’re seeing a plant floor software solution being implemented in China we feel that’s a demonstration of the importance of this type of technology and also the fact that it’s not just in mature markets and from mature companies that are willing to invest in the information space. It was really those two messages that we wanted to communicate.
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly that’s why we’re creating the pipeline is to be able to have more of those size orders as we go forward. This was one that was large in a single instance. What tends to be more typical is that we would have a smaller initial order in a plant or on a line and then we would want to see a sustained roll out of that across the enterprise globally. While this is a single instance, we believe the other dimension of this that is equally important if not more important to us is the ability to put this software in many of our customer facilities and to generate the performance for them across their enterprise as opposed to one offs.
Keith Nosbusch: In that, the high end if you look at it, we would expect that we have a mid-teens growth from first half to second half. It’s probably weighted more towards solutions. 
Keith Nosbusch: I think with our Solutions businesses where we have seen the pick up is in Automotive. We’ve seen it in Waste Water and a little bit in Oil & Gas although that’s been a very strong year for us, we do expect it to be slightly better this year. I would say that’s where the significant deltas were at this point in time.
Keith Nosbusch: No, our cash deployment priorities remain the same. Investing in organic growth, small bolt on acquisitions and then any excess operating cash we would return to shareholders and there we have three vehicles; dividends, stock repurchase, dividend increase or special dividend if you will. I would say the one area that we constantly take a look at would be infusion into our pension plan, while we have no required contributions in the short term that could be an opportunity for us to utilize excess free cash.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I think in Europe we are continuing to see some softness in a number of areas. Certainly from a macro economic perspective we believe that Europe is somewhat lagging the US with respect to recovery and it’s probably the region that we have the least confidence in with respect to growth. However, having said that, what we have seen in Europe and its one of our growth accelerators is working more closely with the OEM industry. We have seen improvement on a quarter basis in the OEM sector and in particular in packaging OEMs which is the one that I highlighted during my comments. Europe is tougher but we are starting to see some improvement in the OEM sector.
Keith Nosbusch: Europe is a hard one to call in this environment because we don’t have real good numbers. I would say published numbers if you will. It takes us a little while to get a feel for what is really going on in Europe. I would say I don’t think we’re losing share but I cannot say that we are gaining it in Europe. With respect to process, there we do have more confidence and we do know that we are gaining share in process and we’re gaining it through a number of vehicles.  Obviously the most important reason for process improvement is the fact that our plant wide control strategy and differentiation that we have as a company with our technology continues to resonate with our customers. That story is getting stronger, louder, and gaining a lot of traction. The second reason is because of the activities that we have started probably a little over a year now, two years probably since our acquisition of ICST which is a process safety supplier. That, in combination with logics we now have an integrated safety and control system that is a very solid platform in particular for Oil & Gas and other heavy process industries.  We started to focus on the batch hybrid space but now in process we’re moving more and more into the heavy industry and continuous process and so that would be the other area that we are able to achieve share growth and one of the vehicles that we’re using there is the ability to replace legacy DCS systems that are no longer being supported. We get our credibility by replacing existing in a lot of the mature markets and then in emerging markets we’re able to compete effectively in Greenfield applications.
Keith Nosbusch: That’s uncertain. Certainly Q2 is the one that I would say in normal environments can be softer then the previous quarter. The difficulty is it always starts out slow in January. Then it’s a question of what happens later in the quarter and that’s why it’s a tough one to call because we don’t get to the edge of the building because of the first couple of weeks in January. If that continues into late February and March it’s a different story. It’s a hard one to distinguish at this early in the quarter. We have seen nothing that is different then what a normal start to the quarter would be at this point.
Ted Crandall: Let me try that in two different respects. The restoration of the pay cuts and the 401K match is about a $15 million sequential expense increase from Q1 through the balance of the year.
Ted Crandall: That’s per quarter. The other large item we will have this year will be increase in incentive compensation compared to last year’s levels. At the new guidance midpoint we would expect that to be up in the ballpark of $70 million.
Ted Crandall: We think we saw about one point of improvement in sales in Q1 due to restocking. As demand continues to increase, if demand continues to increase through the year we would expect that to continue.
Ted Crandall: I would say the most important factor in there is very strong incremental contribution margins in Architecture & Software. Obviously that doesn’t explain a 90% conversion. There are, in any two quarters, puts and takes and some unusual adjustments in the quarter and we probably had a couple negative items in Q4 and some positive items in Q1 that also influenced that conversion for Architecture & Software.
Ted Crandall: Logics sales for the quarter year over year were down about 7% but obviously that’s better performance then Architecture & Software as a whole and that’s on an organic basis.
Ted Crandall: I think there’s one other thing. Similar to our November guidance, we’re assuming in this guidance that we don’t see any significant retreat on average in the balance of the year from the run rates we’re seeing in Q1. No “W” shaped recovery. This assumes that at worst things are flat and at the high end we see some reasonable improvement over the balance of the year.John Baliotti – FTN Equity Capital Markets: I think you guys are pretty conservative, you guys are clearly concerned when you laid out the first numbers and try to caution us in terms of the amount of volatility of given a certain percentage of your more profitable business not showing up.
Ted Crandall: Our previous guidance for tax rate was 21% to 25%. The revised guidance is 19% to 23%. There is no assumption of acquired sales in the sales guidance outlook.
Ted Crandall: We already talked about what we thought the restocking impact was which was about one point. I think as we move forward, assuming that we see some increase in demand as the year progresses and end demand at distributor level would expect to see some continued benefit from restocking in the balance of the year. As it relates to price we don’t believe there was any significant pull forward as a consequence of the price announcement. Keith mentioned we do think there may have been some unusual buying in December particularly in our Architecture & Software segment that related to customers consuming year end budgets. It’s a little bit difficult to quantify that because we’re trying to discern between that and just a normal increase in demand now. That’s really the only thing we would peg as unusual in Q1.
Ted Crandall: Even though orders picked up. That was basically, we talked about having a hole in the backlog coming into the quarter. It was a very favorable mix in the quarter and not one I would expect to maintain as the year progresses. Even part of that mix may have been influenced by this kind of year end budget consumption by customers which obviously disproportionately practically all fell in the Products and primarily in Architecture & Software which is our highest margin area.
Ted Crandall: I was going to start by saying all of the savings we were expecting to see this year we still expect to see. As we talked about restoration of temporary actions in our previous guidance at midpoint as being about $30 million of headwind, we now think at the new midpoint that that is more like $70 million of headwind and that difference is comprised of two pieces. One is somewhat earlier, restoration of pay cuts and the 401K match but the larger chunk of it is really just higher incentive compensation at these new guidance levels. You may recall we have a very broad based, pretty much across all employees who are not quota carrying incentive plans.
Ted Crandall: There is no share repurchase embedded in the guidance. As you know, we curtailed share repurchase last year because we thought it was important to manage the balance sheet liquidity in that down economy. I would say given the current guidance and our expectations for excess free cash flow this year we will consider beginning share repurchase in the latter half of this year, at least partially to offset dilution from stock compensation.
Ted Crandall: That’s correct, that’s inclusive of everything. I want to make sure I’m being clear. We previously talked about a headwind of $30 million. It’s an increase of $70 million so the new headwind would be $100 million. And a new midpoint.
