Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. As I reflect on 2023, it's clear our continued investments in talent and technology are paying off. I'm proud of how our tight knit organization has navigated through a dynamic environment and helped us deliver a record year of sales and earnings exceeding expectations. Looking at the year ahead of us, we are aware of the macroeconomic backdrop and the geopolitical situation that continues to change every day. You heard us talk today about focusing and optimizing our workforce productivity so that we can continue investing in key areas of growth.  Our customers rely on our continued innovation and differentiation to provide energy and critical infrastructure security across the globe to help bring new life saving drugs to market and to use leading technology to augment and enable their workforce.  We look forward to seeing a lot of you at our Investor Day in Boston next week, where we will be sharing our long-term business strategy and some of the most exciting developments across our key markets and applications.  Aijana will now begin the Q&A session.
Blake Moret: Sure. So just for context, China's about 6% of our worldwide sales, so big manufacturing economy but relatively low exposure for Rockwell there. And we saw very strong sales in China for the year. But in China, the orders were lower. And that is the source of the cancellations that we did see. While our worldwide cancellations are roughly in line with what we've been seeing, China is the highest component of that. And I would say it's broad based. It's not one particular industry. We still see wins and investments in areas like EV, but the distributors that most of our products go to market through in China still have relatively high inventories and they're working that off.
Blake Moret: Sure, Scott. So we launched the entity with at the time Schlumberger a few months before the pandemic, so that was in 2019. And the lower base that resulted from COVID shutdowns and the subsequent supply chain shortages along with a refinement of some of the original mix assumptions caused us to take the impairment. We've changed out the management team at Sensia. And we've seen the last couple of quarters of encouraging improvement. We have great orders, good backlog, and improving profitability. And so we expect over the next few years that Sensia will actually be quite a large contributor to the improved profitability in Lifecycle Services.
Blake Moret: Sure. Thanks, Andy. So first of all, in terms of the orders development, we saw orders ramp up throughout Q4. And then we saw October orders up sequentially from that, and supportive of our view that Q4 was the trough. We expect orders to continue recovering throughout Q1 and building in Q2. So that's the view in terms of the orders development. And that's based on what we're seeing what I just described, as well as direct discussions with our end users and machine builders that have the largest contribution to our business. So we went and did a detailed analysis of their CapEx expectations, their OpEx expectations, what projects that we have the opportunities with. And that coupled with our own personal views and with our distributor feedback are all supportive of this shape of the order recovery curve. In terms of the mega projects, I don't know that that's going to contribute so much to the lumpiness. I think it's going to be a positive, additional amount of business that builds throughout fiscal year '24 and beyond. The majority of the projects that we're tracking, and we're tracking literally hundreds of projects that are incented by some of the recent stimulus, the majority of those projects have not made a decision or have not released the automation equipment. So when you look at those projects, certain equipment, which would probably include switchgear, things like that, would be led earlier in the project cycle with automation to follow after that. So we think that we're still in the early innings with respect to those mega projects. And our tracking processes and our early wins are very encouraging.
Blake Moret: Sure. Let me make a couple of comments, Jeff. And then Nick may have some to add as well. So we saw orders increasing. If you look at beginning of the quarter of Q4 to the end, we saw orders exit at a higher rate than at the beginning of Q4, and then with a good uptick from that sequentially in October. So that was the ramp we were talking about, and why we believe that Q4 was the trough for orders.
Blake Moret: And if I can add to that. So our distributors are seeing a higher level of incoming orders than they in turn are placing on us due to their high inventory levels. So we have, as you would imagine, very good visibility into our distributors' incoming orders from their customers, from their end users and the machine builders. And that order activity is higher than what they're in turn placing on us. So that gives us additional confidence that orders will ramp up as their inventory situation comes down.
Blake Moret: Sure. So at the negative end, you would see a slower reduction of inventories at our distributors and a deterioration in the macro. At the upper end of the range, you would see distributors stabilizing their inventory at higher levels than they did before. So getting back to that equilibrium and placing orders that are more reflective of the underlying demand from users and integrators and machine builders. And you would also see at the high end some of the impact from the big projects being spurred by stimulus, specifically in the U.S. I should add as well that on the high end if we talk about total sales, some of the performance in terms of new acquisitions I think there's some opportunity there as well.
Blake Moret: Yes. And if I could just add one additional piece. We do expect shipments to ramp sequentially in terms of volume through the year. You get into a little bit of the math of comparables based on having such strong shipments at the tail end of the year that enters into the math of the year-over-year growth as well.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think that would contemplate push outs that turn into cancellations quite frankly, whereas if a project is pushed by a couple of months, it's not going to have a big impact in the year. But if some of those projects or a larger amount of those projects rolled over into deferrals or cancellations, if people said [indiscernible] just kidding about EV, we don't need to build out the semiconductor industry process, which is 35% of our business, if people aren't looking to increase energy, both hydrocarbon and renewable energy forms in the U.S. If we saw a significant reduction of those projects, I think that would contribute to that minus -- that downside part of the range.
Blake Moret: Yes, we're looking at 15% ARR. And we're very proud of that ARR number, because it's broad based. It's not just the newer acquisitions like Plex and Fiix, but it's our traditional offerings as well, some of the on-prem software. And as we go through the year, based on overall Rockwell, we do expect ARR to increase to above 9% of our total sales in the year. It's a combination, both of the software as well as the high value recurring services. We made some organizational changes to supercharge that area. And that along with some of the new developments and offerings that we have, make us very optimistic about the contribution that ARR is going to have to our overall growth. And obviously, we like the resiliency that it gives our results by not starting each year at zero with respect to software sales.
Blake Moret: Let me start with the Americas discussion and then Nick can follow up with a little bit on the book to bill. So the Americas actually outpaced the rest of the world with respect to orders. And we expect that to continue in fiscal year '24. We've talked about for a few quarters now based on shipping from backlog, in some case fairly aged backlog, that our distribution of growth by region and by industry segment is more a factor of the backlog than the current underlying demand. And you're correct that we do expect the highest growth region to be the Americas going forward. With respect to the impact of stimulus, we're still in the early innings there. The business that we're winning there is really just ramping up. We saw some good development in the second half of last year. But by far, there's more business to come based on the projects that we're tracking.
Blake Moret: Yes, the cancellations were in a similar range to what we've been talking about, which is to say they were not the major contributor to the orders, a decrease. The main contributor by far to the orders decrease is the high inventory levels at the distributors. So cancellations were a relatively small piece of it. At this point, clearing those final golden screw or fourth wheel constrained components to be able to allow distributors to shift, complete bills and material is also a smaller component of the overall contributor to the orders down in Q4.
Blake Moret: Yes, Steve. First of all, as Nick said, we expect the Clearpath contribution to be accretive in fiscal year '26. This is an important strategic move for Rockwell, and one that I think will be apparent as we talk about it and demonstrate it next week. The dilution in fiscal year '24 is based on a combination of them ramping their capability. So think of it as somewhat of a startup mode, but also as making sure that we surround it with the right resources to fully integrate it as quickly as possible into Rockwell to be able to provide that value for customers. So that's not only the technical resources, but it's the commercial resources, it's the infrastructure to help them drive cost out of their operations and drive unit cost out of those AMRs. And so it is some additional investment from Rockwell's part to make sure that we integrate this really thoroughly, because this is a major milestone for us.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. In terms of expectations by segment for fiscal year '24, we do expect that Lifecycle Services will be the most significant year-on-year margin expander. And to answer your question, we are highly competent in that based on the actions that we have taken in '23 and based on the outlook we have for that business in '24. On the opposite side, software and control, we saw outstanding growth in fiscal year '23, as we had strong execution on our backlog. And we expect that business to be the one with the lowest organic growth and then that will translate into lower year-on-year margin in our software and control business, primarily driven by that lower growth. And it happens to also be the segment where we're putting the majority of our incremental investments. From an Intelligent Devices perspective, that's one where we expect the margins year-on-year to be flat to up slightly. And that is with the impact of Clearpath in there. Clearpath is for this segment alone about 100 basis point headwind. And that will be impacting throughout the year. But we'll definitely be seeing that impact in Q1 in Intelligent Devices. And the actions that we've been doing in Intelligent Devices around our productivity and our investments in products, that's what's leading us to expect margins to be flat to up slightly.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. And, Jeff, just to go a little deeper in that, what we're seeing -- one of the dynamics we're seeing in Q4 and we expect to continue through Q1 as well is our channel partners, our distributors working to right size their inventory as we are seeing -- as they are seeing good reductions in our lead times. They're doing the right actions of bringing their inventory levels down. And that's resulting in lower orders being placed on us. And we expect that to continue through Q1. And we think Q2, as we -- and as we discuss with all of our distributors, Q2 is where that will start to change where the inventory levels at our distributors will be reaching the normal level that they expect. So partly I say that just to say, we don't really see this level of orders we're seeing now as normalized. We're seeing them the correct reaction to the actions they're taking to bring their inventory levels down.
Nick Gangestad: And, Jeff, to follow up on the one question about why Q1, why we think that will be low single digit growth? Yes. If we were only looking at the orders, your question would -- that would make sense why not negative. However, we also continue to have a 4.1 billion backlog that we're entering the year with. And so what we're seeing in our Q1 revenue is a combination of continued sales of some of that backlog coupled with the lower orders we're expecting in Q1.
Nick Gangestad: Julian, thanks for asking that question. Q1 organic growth year-on-year we think will be low single digits. On the margin question, Q1 of last year, we had a margin of 20%. We expect that to be lower year-on-year in fiscal year '24. And there's three things that are going to be mainly contributing to it being lower. One is our Clearpath acquisition and the impact that will have. The second is mix that we see a less favorable mix in the first quarter of the products that we will be selling. And we think we'll be having lower utilization in our factories as we're adjusting our production to these lower orders. And we think those three things in combination are going to be resulting in lower margin year-on-year.
Nick Gangestad: And, Julian, the question on the book to bill, yes, your math is right. Approximately 90% book to bill for the full year below that in the first half of the year and above that in the second half of the year.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, we see the backlog stabilizing, I think I said this on the last quarter earnings call as well, that at 30% to 35% of annualized revenue is what we think is the normalized backlog level we will be at given the mix of our businesses that we have.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, I'll try to do those in reverse order. In terms of the things drawing down the margin in the fourth quarter, the two main things were our restructuring actions that had an outsized impact on the Lifecycle Services as well as the increased bonus expense that we were facing. Now as we flipped into '24, the bonus expense will be a tailwind to all businesses and Lifecycle Services margin will benefit from that. But also from the actions that we took in 2023, we think those will also be a propellant of Lifecycle Services margin expansion into '24. On the currency side, given our mix of businesses and what we're projecting, many of the currencies were just using what the current spot rate is going forward. In some currencies, such as the euro, what we will use is a group of banks and what they're expecting for a particular currency in the coming year. And so roughly 1.5% year-on-year benefit is coming from our expectations for currencies in fiscal year '24. And then in terms of the orders, we haven't been giving it by quarter. We did say orders were 8.2 billion for the full year. At the midpoint of the year, we had said they were 4.8 billion. And therefore, we're at 3.4 billion in the second half of the year. The third quarter was above that average, the average of 1.7 was above that. Fourth quarter was slightly below that level. So we saw from Q3 to Q4, it goes down further. But we haven't been giving it by quarter what our orders are.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. First, for the full year, I'll just actually say actual numbers. Our total bonus expense in fiscal year '23 is approximately $240 million. And in our plans for fiscal year '24, it's dropping to $120 million. And that expectation of $120 million, that's spread exactly equally across the four quarters of '24. In '23, that $240 million was -- I can give you the actual numbers of how that broke out, Steve, if that helps.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. We are assuming that price growth will be slightly over 1% year-over-year. And in terms of input costs, we're expecting that to be very neutral year-over-year, causing the net price cost to be a little over 100 basis points accreted to margin.
