Keith Nosbusch: Well, we do not have great market data for China, but I would say that at this point, we do not believe we’re underperforming the underlying market. We just believe that some of the impacts, particularly in the heavy industries, continue to reduce capital spending in many of those areas - obviously metals, cement, mining. All of those are very challenging at this point in time, and we have seen growth in many of our OEM sectors other than tire. Tire has been a major downturn this last quarter and last--probably almost up to a year now, but the other OEM sectors are able to grow, and we’re seeing growth in mainly the consumer and automotive OEMs. Unfortunately, those are still the smaller pieces of our business, so I think challenging in the broadest sense but we continue to see new opportunities and continue to believe that China will be a very important growth market for us in the future.  I was just there a little over a week ago, and I’m very encouraged with the outlook that the country has with what they’re doing to drive towards their strategy of China Manufacturing 2025. That’s their 10-year vision, but behind that is a 30-year vision as to where they’re going to improve the competitiveness of their manufacturing sector now that their costs are increasing. We believe the connected enterprise is absolutely the way that they will be able to start the journey for that 2025 vision that they have for their manufacturing sector. So we’re encouraged in the long term, and I think right now we’re just seeing a period of time where they’re rebalancing some of their spending, some of their investments, and as we know from the previous five-year plan, that they are trying to drive towards a more consumption economy. I think that once again plays very strongly into these sectors that I said were performing better for us this past quarter. 
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah, very open-ended, but let me try to comment a little bit. My first comment would be, I’m not an economist, so I think I can predict the economy about as good as we can forecast our future performance, given our short cycle business, which is really the point I wanted to make. We believe that given everything we’ve seen, that while the industrial economy is struggling, the consumer is still spending. I just saw a report that consumer confidence has gone up again, so we’re not seeing this as a consumer-led recession at this point in time. We do believe that the industrial economy with the latest industrial production measures, particularly in the U.S, is definitely weakened since our last quarter, and that was what was behind our change in our guidance. But right now, the expectation is that we will not see a recession. Obviously you know that our visibility is limited in two-thirds of our business, but when we look at the macroeconomic indicators, it’s not point to that at this point in time, so that’s how we structured our business going forward. Certainly given what happened over the last quarter from the outlook standpoint, we are definitely looking at what do we need to be ready for in case this view changes over the remainder of our fiscal year.
Keith Nosbusch: Mm-hmm. Well, with auto, if we want to walk through the regions, the U.S. auto continues to be solid. We think the programs that we’ve seen in the pipeline, there has been no change to those programs over the last quarter, and we see that as one of the stronger verticals as we go throughout the remainder of the year.  If we go to Asia, in particular China, while the China sales have been slowing and in some cases slightly negative, depending upon the auto company, we’re still seeing investment in China automotive. We see once again the need to continue to automate to take costs out of their operations, and auto is one of the places that we’ll see that. We’re also seeing a lot of interest in what we can do with respect to our operational intelligence software to help them improve the asset utilization and efficiencies and effectiveness of their manufacturing plant floor. So there, we think it’s great. As you know, Mexico has seen a lot of investment in automotive. I would say the difficult areas for automotive, Brazil, is struggling now given the economy, and we’re not seeing significant investments in Western Europe at this point in time either. So that’s how I would characterize the automotive market on a global basis. Canada, a little more investment quite frankly, and I think a lot of that is the change of the dollar and the currency has improved Canada’s competitiveness in automotive. There’s a little more activity there than previously.
Keith Nosbusch: I don’t think that concerns us. I think in certain countries in certain areas, I think a little more competitiveness, given particularly the drop in the heavy industry, we’re seeing a few projects that are now being released or being processed, that there is a little more competitiveness on those projects and on that activity than we’ve seen in particular when oil and gas was booming. It was a very capital expenditure pocket, and now that we’re seeing that reduced, some of the competitiveness has moved into other spaces where historically they probably wouldn’t have participated.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, our exposure currently is around 10%, and that’s been the number that we’ve had for probably the last couple of years now as we’ve grown in some of these other verticals, so 10%. We believe that when you look at the price of gas, you’re seeing continued growth in auto spending, in particular the vehicles that they make a lot of money in. So that bodes well for continued investment and continued modernization of their platforms, so we aren’t anticipating a significant change in the automotive outlook, particularly in the U.S. With respect to penetration, we believe, as we’ve talked a couple of times, our best opportunities for increased penetration is in power train, and we think that’s an area where there will be continued investment because of the need to continue to achieve the fuel guidelines that are being mandated now over the coming five-plus years. So most of the investment and improvements are going to have come in engines and transmissions, so we see a healthy pipeline of power train, and we believe that has the opportunity to add $20 million to $30 million of incremental revenue to our automotive business going forward.
Keith Nosbusch: That is a fair statement, and I would lump all of the consumer in that, consumer in auto simply because they’re more A&S-centric businesses. They have a much higher control concentration and architecture concentration than the heavy industries, because the heavy industries have a lot of solutions built by Rockwell, and they have a lot of intelligent motor control, which is the heavy asset, critical assets are a bigger part of the expenditure in those industries. So it’s a mix more than anything else, and our software and our automation is the predominant purchase of the consumer, including automotive companies. So yes, but it’s because of the way automation and the intensiveness of automation in those industries.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, to your point, I think it is all about mix in our A&S segment. Our highest margin business is the controller and software business, and we talked about the controller decline, but we still have very solid margins in our motion business, our safety business, our sensor business, and so I think the overall impact to A&S margins will not be substantial as we go forward. I think that is not a critical issue. I think the bigger issue for A&S is going to be volume and then the exchange rates. Those are the two more compelling concerns that we would have at this time, as opposed to overall mix in the segment. Certainly with the high margins throughout that segment, volume declines are very impactful, and you saw some degree this quarter the impact of FX changes that come about as well, particularly in some of the currencies that are, I’ll say, different than just a traditional euro-U.S. dollar or Canadian-U.S. dollar, which is the ones that we have a greater concentration in.
Keith Nosbusch: I would add in answer to your question of being able to continue to do this, is no. There is only so far we can take this, and our key now is get back to growth in our solutions and services business. Obviously as we have talked before, we had done a lot of work in improving the competitiveness and the cost structure of our engineering resources, and to Ted’s point, we’ve globalized that, we’ve created a much more standard approach to the application and the engineering tools that we’ve used, and we’ve focused very much on the applications that are most important to us and where we’re most competitive and have the ability to serve the market best.  So we’ve tried to be able to take a much better approach to that overall business, and I think you’re seeing the results of that. It started last year and it’s continuing into this year, but at the end of the day we do need to make sure we’re driving growth for the long term success and the long term protection of what we’ve done over the last couple of years.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, I think while it’s a small vertical, it’s a somewhat meaningful one in the U.S., and that would be pulp and paper is probably the best vertical for us in this quarter. I think we’ve had some success in the chemical arena, but that is still a small percentage for us. At about the average, as we mentioned, was auto and food and beverage, and certainly home and personal care, and then at the negative side would be the metals, wastewater, and a little bit in some of the heavy industry--not heavy industry, but the life sciences sector this quarter. But obviously the biggest negative was oil and gas, and that’s what triggered the vast majority of the decline from a vertical standpoint. The others compared to that were all much better performing across the board, but obviously the reduction in IP has impacted more than just oil and gas.
Keith Nosbusch: I would only add, in China we have a different--well, around the world we have a different channel model than our competitor, so there is different dynamics going on there that may be part of the reason for that difference in the way we see our channel performance versus the way some others might.
Keith Nosbusch: And that’s correlated with the significant reduction in IP in the U.S. that recently came out, so that slowdown will impact the MRO business, as Ted outlined.
Keith Nosbusch: Our visibility in Mexico, given that a portion of this is our solutions and services business, we think our outlook at this point is for the remainder of the fiscal year and feel that the economy there at this point continues to grow, and more importantly our ability to support our customers and the demands continue to improve as well, in particular our channel partners are very strong. It’s probably the strongest distributor network that we have in an emerging market, so we feel very good about the capabilities there.
Keith Nosbusch: I think the point you also made in your question is relevant as well, and that is we do see the opportunities to come out of this stronger, and certainly as an intellectual capital business, it is about people and we think we have some great investment opportunities that we discussed during the investor day at Automation Fair. We think those are important to continue to keep that investment level, given that we feel we’re in a stable economic environment, to Ted’s point. So we do want to keep that in place, and our goal is to come out stronger and gain share just like we did in the previous recoveries.  So I would say that’s the other piece of the equation, and that’s the balance that we constantly evaluate and make trade-offs and ultimate decisions on.
Keith Nosbusch: Absolutely. We see that based upon the conversations we have with customers. There is no question, and these are global discussions, customers understand that they need to continue to drive productivity and sustainability and their competitiveness [audio interference] just on my recent trips to Europe and to Asia. So I think the secular story is absolutely in play - if anything, I believe it’s stronger today than a couple of years ago when we started on this journey. So it’s real in this area. It moves a little bit around that trend, based upon the current economic environment, but I think the underlying secular trend here is in play. It will continue to become even more important as time unfolds, so that’s why we have such a positive outlook for the long term, and that’s part of the reason why we need to keep investing during this period, because we do see the demand for what we’re doing as something that is not going to disappear from a cyclical standpoint.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, the biggest increase last quarter was in emerging Europe, and that would be the Middle East and Eastern Europe. But within Western Europe, the strength came more from Italy and the southern Europe - Italy and France, as opposed to the northern. Northern had been where the strength was previously. We’re now seeing it move a little bit to some of the other countries in the south that were not as fortunate earlier in the period. So that’s how Europe played out.
Ted Crandall: Hey John, the one mix impact we may see in A&S this year that’s a little negative is with process now being down more than we expected and oil and gas down more than we expected, and probably consumer and auto a little bit better, particularly consumer, we think we’re going to see a less rich mix of control logics made up for with a little more compact logics and motion control, particularly on the consumer side. That will create a little bit of mix headwind, but compared to the volume issues in A&S and the currency, that’s not a big number.
Ted Crandall: Yes, so let me start with book-to-bill. The 1.13 is about what we were expecting. I think you’ve got to recognize it’s 1.13 on a lower sales number, obviously, but we would expect to be above 1 in the first quarter of the year, and we got that, so that’s keeping us reasonably on track now as we enter the next two quarters.  On the margin side, we had great margin performance in CP&S all through last year. We talked a lot about productivity last year, and that was kind of disproportionately on the CP&S side and we’re continuing to see some of that year-over-year benefit in Q1. I think the other thing that influences this is I mentioned that architecture and software is the segment that bears the largest burden of the currency conversion problem that we’ve got, and CP&S doesn’t really face a lot of that because of their more balanced supply chain, particularly because of the solutions and services business where we have the people resources deployed all over the world, so we get a better match across currencies. 
Ted Crandall: Shannon, the other thing I would add is in the quarter, we were up about 80 basis points. You asked about can we continue to deliver improvement. Keith’s answer was no, but I want to make sure I don’t leave the wrong impression - for the full year at the current sales levels, we don’t see margin deterioration in CP&S either. 
Ted Crandall: Yes, so originally in November we were thinking down 10. We’re now thinking it’ll be down closer to 20.
Ted Crandall: Yes, so just to correct a little bit, we dropped top line sales by 2%, one point for currency and one point organic. Most of the organic--I mean, there are some puts and takes across verticals, but I would say you could think of most of that organic decline as related to oil and gas.
Ted Crandall: Yes. Every year we do across the globe our merit increases in January, so there is a step-up, ballpark think of it as about $0.05. There’s a step-up in cost from Q1 to Q2 sequentially.
Ted Crandall: Yes, Nigel, it is, and then you know we don’t give quarterly guidance, but we think Q2 is probably similar or maybe a little worse than Q1, and things get a little bit better in the second half.
Ted Crandall: No, we don’t have the same--I would say two things. In China [audio interference] but on the other hand our Chinese distributors don’t carry all that much inventory, so we don’t think the results we’re seeing in China are about de-stocking. In North America, we have very good visibility of our distributor inventories, and they’ve remained pretty stable.
Ted Crandall: I think there’s just some normal variability quarter to quarter around the performance of A&S versus CP&S. I don’t think there will be for the full year a significant difference at this point, and I’m not sure I understand the part of it related to channel de-stock.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, just on the product side, if there was channel stocking or de-stocking, it would pretty much affect the A&S and CP&S product businesses about equally.
Ted Crandall: I would say there’s no change to having $20 million available for restructuring. We always have about $10 million in what we would think of as pay-as-you-go, and last quarter we talked about having an additional $10 million in case we needed some restructuring. I don’t think we ever talked about that as specific to oil and gas.
Ted Crandall: I think on the--generally, but particularly on the additional one point of organic growth that we’re dropping out, that extra $60 million, we think that is weighted toward our U.S. business and weighted more toward our product businesses. So in the U.S. is our largest installed base, that’s where we have the most MRO business, so there is some unfavorable margin impact in a relative sense of having that coming out of the U.S. and coming out of product business.
Ted Crandall: Jeremie, I think you will remember in Q4, we took about, I think it was $12 million of restructuring charges so that we could start to get ahead of getting cost out, recognizing that fiscal ’16 was likely to be a more difficult year. At the current time, and including the revised guidance, we’re implementing what I would call sensible expense controls that are consistent with the revised guidance and given a slow and uncertain economic environment, but we are not calling this the beginning of a recession. We expect business levels to remain reasonably stable from this point out into the balance of the year, and consequently we’re not planning additional major restructuring actions at this time. If things get worse, we may have to go there, but we think our cost base is reasonably well structured at the current guidance sales levels.
Ted Crandall: I think you captured a lot of what I would have said in my answer to where you started. I think basically what I’m trying to say is, look - given an expectation that sales are going to be one point lower now than we previously thought, and given that we had already implemented restructuring actions in Q4, we will take some steps now to sensibly control expense, and I expect our full-year spending now is going to be a little bit lower than we previously talked about. But we don’t see the need, based on that one point reduction in organic growth, to take major restructuring actions.
Ted Crandall: Given the uncertainty right now, it wouldn’t be prudent not to have contingency plans, but we’ll go there if we need to but we don’t think that’s necessary at this time.
Ted Crandall: So I would say one of the places we were better than we thought was the U.S., and in the U.S. it was primarily around our product business. Some of that was about backlog reduction at the end of the quarter. The underlying orders were down about what we expected in the U.S. but shipments were a bit better.
Ted Crandall: Andrew, I may have to defer this one to some time you can spend on the phone with Patrick, but basically I would say we hedge our peso exposure, so that helps offset some of the decline in the Mexican peso. Also, part of our manufacturing activity in Mexico is U.S. dollar-based, so we don’t really have an exposure on it.
