Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. We had a good quarter of growth, price realization, profitability, and investment for the future. We are executing well, and I’m proud of how our teams are managing supply chain complexity to serve the needs of our customers. In volatile times, a relentless focus on helping customers creates long-term differentiation and value. Aijana, we will now begin the Q&A session.
Blake Moret: Yes, Scott, I was just going to add. When we talk about orders, just to give some scale to the magnitude of the orders, they remain around 45% above pre pandemic levels. So in addition to the very large existing backlog, we’re continuing to add that at a rate above our expectations.
Blake Moret: Hey Scott. Most of our transactions in a country like China are priced in the local currency and that’s generally the way we do business. When there start to be large movements in FX, like what we’re seeing there that becomes part of our pricing strategy. We have hedges in place to protect us, protect earnings in the short term. And in the longer term, then pricing becomes part of that strategy of how we’ll adjust pricing in the local currency to be offsetting what we’re seeing in terms of FX movements.
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, Josh, first of all limited pull through or pull forward in that. We’re still looking at large year-over-year and sequential growth in Q4. I think you can think of this, the hardware portion of Software & Control as having less SKUs than Intelligent Devices. And the chip availability was relatively higher for Software & Control being able to ship logics, compact logics and the associated IO. So in the quarter it was less impacted. And again, with the kind of backlog that we have in the continuing orders, we can ship as much as we have components for across all of the business segments, and we expect that to be the case for quarters to come.
Blake Moret: So, Andy look, we continue to see chip constraints being a factor for the near term. We did see improvement through the quarter as you’ll recall, we saw the more severe wave of COVID shutdowns in China in April and May. And we were able to largely recover from that as chips began flowing a little bit more strongly in the back half of the quarter. And we continued to see gradual improvement in Q4 and into our fiscal year 2023. But it remains a volatile situation. You can’t count the chips until they show up on your receiving doc. But we do see a gradual improvement that continues into the early part of Q4.
Blake Moret: Yes. Thanks, Noah. I think e-commerce in particular has been the outlier that we've seen so far in that they've taken a pause and in some of the expansion. Within that vertical, we also talk about warehouse automation outside of e-commerce. And they're continuing to look at productivity opportunities with in some cases, reducing labor requirements, more efficient handling of product at the front end and of their process and of their stores. So that continues to be pretty strong with some nice, recent wins there. I would say in general, the closer to the consumer that you are, those would be the areas that we're probably watching the most closely. We do continue to see strong industrial production figures. And as you know, over a long period of time, IP is what Rockwell's performance – top line performance is most correlated to. And we still see a positive IP number in our served markets, especially in the U.S. So EV continues strong. We've talked before that. It's hard to imagine that either the established brand owners or the startups are going to take a pause in trying to convert their fleet capacity to EV, they're going to have to continue because they got fear of missing out and being able to get in early to get some experience and to get some volume there. Semiconductor, we see a lot of in-process activity, regardless of what happens from a legislative standpoint, pharmaceutical, food and beverage. It's just hard to bet, too much against these verticals but again, e-commerce, so we have seen some softening and in general, the closer to the consumer, you are, maybe recreational vehicles but that's obviously, it's not a big part of our overall auto number there.
Blake Moret: Sure. No, it's a good question. I mean, some of the advantages of a cloud native deployment is that you don't have to continue to invest or to create a large IT on-prem infrastructure to either acquire the assets, the servers and such and the IT staff. You can deploy a cloud native solution much quicker and that's why offerings like Plex and Fiix have been so popular among small and medium sized businesses that just don't have that money to invest in those areas. And they want to get up and running quick, they're on a kind of a quicker time constant there. And some of the bigger companies are taking that play and looking at how they can apply that as well. And I think that's part of the reason that we're seeing Plex win in some of the verticals that were part of the synergy that we had baked into the model where we see food and beverage, tire, these are new verticals that they just didn't have the resources to address. And we're seeing some wins there. And similarly with Fiix, some of the wins that we've seen in Asia, in India, for instance I think are part of that where customers want it now, and they don't want to have to wait to build all the infrastructure. So it's part of the reason that we have a parallel offering. We have a really strong on-prem offering with our production center based MES that continues to grow well. And then Plex and Fiix are doing what we expected them to do for us.
Blake Moret: Yes. Orders are going quite well in process and I would say, orders and shipments for that matter. If you notice that we gave a little bit more in the way of customer wins this quarter, that wasn't a coincidence. I have seen the number of bigger wins tick up a bit in process. And I think some of the investments that we've made over the last really five or six years beginning with MAVERICK in expertise, obviously the joint venture was Schlumberger, Sensia, Kalypso, that expertise along with the steady drumbeat of new technology introductions are helping increase the win rate. And as Nick mentioned, increasing the order size, from a macro standpoint, oil and gas spending, particularly in areas of efficiency, which is really where we're centered even more than the CapEx side of things is helpful. But chemical had, I think, their best quarter ever for us, metals still a very big automation market, mining out there. I don't think mining has hit its full stride, but we are seeing activity particularly in battery materials. So a lot of wins in lithium over the recent past.
Blake Moret: Yes, it’s a good question, Andrew. And it supports the thesis of gradually improving supply. So obviously it’s important for us to continue to deepen relationships with our existing suppliers. And the ones that are going to be most important to us, going forward are ones for whom industrial is an important part of their business models. And as we talk to them specifically about the process nodes and the increased supply, that’s going to be important to us, we see some of that capacity starting to come online at the end of this calendar year. So TI has a couple of plants coming online, analog devices, Intel with their Tower acquisition recently and some of their new investments. So we look closely at the new capacity and while a lot of it is in the leading edge notes for handsets and communications and so on for the suppliers that are most important to us, they are making investments in the fabs that are going to produce the wafers that ultimately result in the chips that are most important to us. So when we go through our analysis product by product and chip by chip within those products, we look at are we getting increased allocation, are redesign efforts going to have an impact such as with the view terminals that I’ve talked about for the last couple of quarters. And we have some more of those projects that are coming to fruition here in the next few months and then the capacity additions that are coming from either our existing suppliers or in some cases, new suppliers that we’re adding to the list of qualified vendors there.
Blake Moret: Yes. I would characterize the opportunity as growing both in terms of the base of total announced CapEx as well as our ability to serve. So traditionally the majority of our business in semiconductors has been the facilities management control systems, the FMCS systems, which are controlling the temperature and the cleanliness and the humidity of the air in the environment, particularly in clean rooms. And we’ve always had some capability in that space, turns out that Maverick is really good at that as well. And so we considerably increased our expertise in that area. There are drives that go into those air handling systems, and we’re beginning to win a larger proportion of the drives in addition to the software and the engineering in those FMCS systems. And those are multimillion dollar systems. We’re one few of those here recently that are noteworthy. Independent cart for material handling is also a technology that we didn’t traditionally have. And as that technology gets qualified for clean room environments, we’re seeing increased opportunities there. Cyber security, so obviously these fabs are very concerned about being resilient in that dimension as well. And we’ve got the best offering to go in on the production floor. So we’re seeing a lot of meaningful wins in cyber security as well. So those are just a few of the areas that we’re providing value, not only for the direct fabs themselves, but also for the capital equipment suppliers, which remain good customers of ours.
Blake Moret: Yes, for sure, because you’ve got ecosystems. It’s one thing to announce a fab and for Intel or TI or Micron or Samsung to build their facility, but they need a village, right? They need an ecosystem in each of these areas for the chemicals that are need, the substrates, the lead frames, all of those things. And those are all opportunities for us, particularly in the U.S., where we have overwhelmingly the strongest support and installed base.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think there’s still – some of what we’ve talked about in the past where, because the lead times are still long, they’re longer than we or our customers would like. People are placing orders to cover that spread between now and when they actually expect to get the materials. And we see that most market with the machinery builders, they have a certain amount of machines and in the past they might have only placed orders to cover X months of those bookings that they have in their backlog and their needs for our automation equipment. And they may have doubled that at this point to be able to cover that. But that’s the machine builders. And I think while we continue to see some of that, we hope to see over the coming quarters, those lead times pull in and we’ve seen some green shoots where we’ve seen some improvements in the lead times. In fact, we’ve won some competitive business because we could deliver faster than competitors in certain areas. And as we see those lead times reduce naturally, we’ll see the orders from some of those machine builders, for instance, reduce a bit. They also have big backlogs. And so, they’re looking to get that material. But as shown by those continued low cancellation rates and as I mentioned earlier, these customers want the equipment they need it. And I can tell you from the conversations that we continue to have with the leadership of our customers, they continue to want that material just as fast as they can. So that would be, I’d say the most tangible element of pull forward. But we don’t see people placing orders in the last quarter, the current quarter to avoid price increases and things like that. So I would say our order development continues to be healthy.
Nick Gangestad: Hey, Scott. For the full – for the third quarter, we had about 3.5% price growth for the total company. That’s about half of our total organic growth. I think that’s a pretty fair estimate to apply to our order growth as well. That 3.5% is about – of that 17% order growth, 3.5% of that is coming from price.
Nick Gangestad: Josh, we have been seeing over time the size of our orders getting larger and that trend continues. But in terms of the specifics of your question, there’s really nothing significant to call out. Everything is tracking very similar to what we’ve seen in the past. As Blake mentioned in our prepared comments, orders are coming in even stronger than what we had anticipated for the quarter.
Nick Gangestad: FX is one of the things can impacting our orders within Europe, but – and that’s included in what we’re seeing for that. So seeing the Euro devalue about 10% and that’s part of what we’re seeing in the order in the total global orders that we reported in Q3.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. So some of the puts and takes to be thinking about that we’re thinking about for fiscal year 2023. As Blake just said, supply chain component availability that’s going to continue to be probably our most important factor in particular around growth. Some of the things that will be impacting our margin and what we’re thinking about now is aspects like price cost, where as I’ve said earlier, that was negative in the first half of the year, shifting to positive in the second half, we expect that to continue to be positive for us. Issues like inflation, issues like FX and what that can be doing to our profit and margin. The level of investment spend another factor we’re thinking about. We also have a number of new product launches and how that will be impacting us in fiscal year 2023. So all of those things in comp, oh, the other one, we – right now, we are paying a bonus this year that is below our normal planned level. We would expect that to go back to the planned level in fiscal year 2023, all of those things in combination, we think the – our financial framework around core conversion of 30% to 35% remains a good starting point to think about 2023 and profit and margin expansion for us.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. In Q4, a couple things that are changing. I had mentioned in my prepared remarks, corporate items, while it’s a benefit for Q3. We expect some of that is timing and we’ll come back in Q4 that will flip from being a benefit to a headwind in Q4 versus what we were originally estimating price costs, as you estimated will continue to improve for us. Volume will continue to be a positive as we're expecting even higher volume growth in Q4 then in Q3. And then overall investment spend, we expect that to be pretty flat between Q3 and Q4, not really a big change happening there. And we do expect productivity to continue to be a benefit to us in Q4 as well.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, so a few things to keep in mind when you're looking at the margins that we've been experiencing and experiencing right now. The higher margin that we had in Q3 are higher sales volume was by far the driving factor on that. In the first half of the year, it was being negatively impacted by a lower volume growth. It was also being impacted by negative price cost, which is now flipping to positive. We also, in the first half of the year, where we had the lion's share of our Plex integration expenses. And while we're still investing there, that's going to be at a lower level. So the 30 plus percent that we're experiencing, I don't see that as something being off track of what to be expecting going forward from Software & Control.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. First of all, it’s not being negatively impacted by software. That’s a nice growing part of the total software. Portfolio part of that business is portfolio. The three big things that were driving up the margin this quarter, one is the higher sales. This is a business that – as our sales go up, we clearly see the margin benefit impacting that. We were also benefited by price cost, looking from negative in the first half of the year to being positive in the third quarter, it will become even more positive in the fourth quarter. And then finally, you maybe missed me say that earlier, earlier we were investing more in our Plex integration and while we’re still investing the level of investment in Plex integration is as planned coming down. And that’s another thing that’s helping our margin go up in software and control.
Nick Gangestad: So the fourth quarter will be the highest benefit of all the quarters, Rob. Well, I’m not guiding for 2023 yet. The first half of 2023 will be getting the benefit of the fact that we don’t anticipate it to be negative as it was in the first half of 2022. So just the absence of that negative, we think creates some year-on-year benefit in the first half of fiscal year 2023. I’m not yet guiding for the full year of 2023, what we’re expecting for the net price cost.
