Patrick Goris: Thank you, Blake, and good morning everyone. I’ll start on Slide 9, Fourth Quarter Key Financial Information. Sales, segment margin, Adjusted EPS and free cash flow were all better than expected in the fourth quarter, mainly as a result of better organic sales growth and productivity. Organic sales improved as the quarter progressed and were up 10% sequentially versus Q3. Compared to last year, Q4 organic sales were down 12% and acquisitions contributed just over 3% to total growth. Currency translation was a smaller headwind than expected and decreased sales by 0.3 points. Overall company backlog increased year-over-year in the quarter. Backlog for our short-cycle products was up double digits from a year-over-year and sequential perspective, even excluding the very large Independent Cart order Blake referred to earlier. Segment operating margin was 20.2%, the same as last year. The negative impact of lower sales was partially offset by a combination of temporary and structural cost actions. Fourth quarter results included about $10 million of restructuring charges which are expected to yield over $15 million in additional annualized structural cost savings, most of these savings will be realized in fiscal 2021. General corporate net expense was $22 million, pretty much in line with what we expected. As I mentioned earlier, adjusted EPS of $1.87 was better than expected, mainly as a result of better organic sales, productivity, and a slightly lower tax rate. I’ll cover a year-over-year adjusted EPS bridge on a later slide. The adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was 15%, a bit lower than we expected, due to a slightly different geographic mix of our pre-tax income. Free cash flow performance remained strong. We generated over $300 million of free cash flow in the quarter, well over 100% conversion on adjusted income. Note that this result includes a voluntary $50 million pre-tax contribution made to the U.S. pension plan. This voluntary pension contribution was not reflected in our prior guidance. Slide 10 provides the sales and margin performance overview of our operating segments. Organic sales of both segments improved significantly compared to last quarter. Both segments were up about 10% on an organic basis compared to Q3, though organic sales remained lower compared to last year. Segment margin of both segments increased over 300 basis points compared to Q3, mainly due to higher organic sales, but also as a result of cost control including a full quarter benefit of our cost reduction actions and generally improving operating efficiencies. Compared to last year, Architecture & Software margins were up 100 basis points, despite the impact of lower sales, mainly as a result of our cost actions, including lower incentive compensation. Segment margins for the Control Products & Solutions segment declined 60 basis points compared to last year, with cost actions offsetting most of the impact of lower organic sales. The next Slide 11, provides the adjusted EPS walk from Q4 fiscal 2019 to Q4 fiscal 2020. As you can see, core performance was down about $0.15 on a 12% organic sales decline. This implies core earnings conversion, that is, excluding the effects of acquisitions and currency of a little below 20%, which is a bit better than the outlook I shared with you in July. A positive adjusted EPS contribution from acquisitions is offset by unfavorable currency impacts. Slide 12 provides key financial information for full year fiscal 2020. After a good start to the fiscal year, we experienced significant year-over-year sales declines in the second half as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Organic sales declined 8% for the fiscal year. Our cost reduction actions protected key investments and helped to partially mitigate the impact of lower sales. We selectively increased investments in some of our highest priority areas. R&D expense was about flat compared to fiscal 2019, and R&D as a percent of sales increased further to 5.9% of sales in fiscal 2020. Full year segment margin remained at about 20% compared to record 22% segment margins last year, and Adjusted EPS was down 11%. Free cash flow performance remained strong, and excluding the $50 million voluntary pension contribution in fiscal 2020, was flat compared to last year. Free cash flow conversion was over 110% of adjusted income. And finally, return on invested capital remained well above our target of over 20%. Before I turn it over to Steve, I want to mention that we deployed about $1.3 billion of capital towards acquisitions, dividends, and share repurchases in fiscal 2020. Our capital structure and liquidity remain very strong. At September 30, our fiscal year end, cash on the balance sheet was over $700 million, and our total debt was about $2 billion. During the fourth quarter, we paid off the $400 million term loan that we executed earlier in the year, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio at September 30 was 1.0. With that, Steve.
Patrick Goris: I am just going to elaborate a little bit on what I mentioned earlier since you brought up Q2. But all of our bonus headwinds of $115 million for the full year, the headwind is going to play out by quarter something like $10 million headwind in Q1, $45 million to $50 million in Q2 and approaching $30 million per quarter in Q3 and Q4.
Patrick Goris: Sure. The primary focus of this new expansion of work with Microsoft is targeted at Azure infrastructure and the cloud. And so we’re working with Microsoft and we’ll be demonstrating some of our new capabilities that are already well along in the areas of design as well as information in using a SaaS approach for new capabilities. So these really complement our existing capabilities and are kind of a forerunner of a significant amount of new functionality, both on-prem and in the cloud that customers will see over the next year or so. So it’s really, it’s focused on combining forces using their expertise with Azure in our OT expertise to provide new design tools for customers and we’re very excited about it. I’m excited, not only about the functionality, the specific functionality that’s going to bring, but it’s the pace with which we were able to join forces, assemble teams and to come together to create new value. From the first meeting really that we talked about this with Microsoft to now it’s been less than a year. And that’s a great foreshadowing of things to come.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So, we are seeing some momentum as I just described in the product side, but it’s typical for Q1 for solutions to be down. So my general comment was roughly mid-single digit sequential growth. It could be a little slower than that in Q1. And that’s part of the reason why we’ve mentioned that Q1 EPS could be down sequentially, expected to be done sequentially from Q4 then as well as the sequential headwind from the temporary actions being reversed and bonus being reinstated.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve. We continue to see our customers take steps to increase their resilience, agility, and sustainability. Resilience includes investments to reduce single points of failure, with a growing list of companies announcing plans to build or expand North American operations. Our strong market share in the U.S., Mexico, and Canada make us a natural beneficiary of these plans. Other measures to increase resilience include increased automation, traceability, and remote monitoring, which are all Rockwell strengths. We’re making investments in our own operations, which we’ll showcase during next week’s Investor Day. Our contribution to operations agility is demonstrated by our great results in consumer and life sciences packaging equipment and the growth of our software to manage the increasingly dynamic SKU’s offered by our customers. The pandemic has prompted new food and beverage packaging formats, along with quantities of testing kits, therapeutic drugs, and hopefully very soon, doses of vaccines. Quite simply, these cannot be manufactured at the necessary scale, safety, and quality without automation. We’re proud of the role our innovation is playing at Pfizer, Roche, and many other companies as we help the world recover. The need to increase the sustainability of industrial processes is only increasing. Clean drinking water is one of the reasons our Eco Industrial focus is so important for the future, along with electric vehicles and the everyday ways our products reduce energy consumption in every industry. This expanded value gives us optimism for the coming years. In fiscal 2021 we are guiding to high single-digit reported growth, paced by our highest-margin segment. This results in guidance that also includes double-digit EPS growth. I’m looking forward to telling you more about our plans next week, with the help of great customers, partners, and a very talented Rockwell leadership team. With that, let me pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session.
Blake Moret: Scott, we can’t talk in specifics about the particular application, but I can tell you that Independent Cart in general allows for more precise motion control than some of the traditional methods of servo amps and other types of technology. So with the kind of acceleration and deceleration profiles that are needed for some of these high performance applications, Independent Cart was really a differentiated solution. It also has to operate and as you can imagine, very difficult environments. The vital point is that, while we don’t talk as much about our government business, now Rockwell’s been a trusted U.S. supplier to the government for a long time, and so some of these premium high-performance applications were a natural fit.
Blake Moret: Scott, one of the things that we’ve really been proud of our partnership with PTC is good diversity of customers and geographies that we’ve been able penetrate with the combined offering. So, while food and beverage and consumer-facing industries, as they are large for Rockwell’s overall business are the source of a lot of the applications. It goes across automotive and mining as well as many of the other industries that we talk about all the time. It gives us new ways to win in these, and some of the things that we’re most excited about that we’ve talked about before are that it’s not just on top of Rockwell control systems, about half of these applications are going on top of competitive control systems. So it’s a new way to add value and to be meaningful in those customers’ digital transformations. It’s really across the various industries and across the geographies. We have wins in every geography we serve.
Blake Moret: Yes. What I would also add John is that we did see good orders in October in terms of improvement. So, particularly on the products, that was an encouraging sign as we entered the year. We have to say that services and solutions order recovery is lagging behind those product orders, but products are really the leading indicator that we look at.
Blake Moret: That’s right, Julian. Typically the book-to-bill is down for solutions and services in Q4, as we see normal seasonality increased the amount of shipments in the quarter. That being said, we are expecting orders to pick up in the first half of the year. Oil and gas is probably the most subdued as we talked about in some other areas like mining and pulp and paper, the activity is a little bit more vigorous. We continue to focus on the OpEx expenditures in oil and gas through Sensia. I would also say if we look at the typical performance of our various businesses, as we come out of a downturn like this, products are almost always going to lead the solutions and services orders. We’ve seen that repeated over many years and multiple cycles. So we’re not surprised by this. But at the end of the day, you have to compete and win for each order that’s up. There’s still business out there. We are confident that that activity is going to increase, but we have to be on the winning side as that business comes up. And that’s what we’re focused on, not only with our traditional resources, but with some of the new acquisitions. So we’ve got a really helping in that space. And I mentioned Kalypso, but there are other unsung heroes when we look at some of the acquisitions in OT cybersecurity with Avnet and Orlo, when we look at MES tech and the ability to quote even more competitively for the delivery of software-based projects, those are all going to help us recover just as fast as possible as those projects increase in frequency.
Blake Moret: Sure. Julian, I know a couple of aspects of the expanded relationship. The starting point is that we have a great foundation. The pace of competitive wins is picking up. I mentioned before that it seems to be catalyzing the increased size of all of our software wins; so not just what we’re doing directly with PTC, but on the MES side as well, for instance, and then our own FactoryTalk analytics offering. Another specific example of the way that the partnership is evolving is that we’re focused on annual recurring revenue now. So it’s not just about the new annual contract value of wins, but it’s also about the total value of the business, including the renewals. And of course, that’s absolutely essential for us to be on the same side of the table, as we’re both focused on increasing that recurring base. Specifically with respect to PLM and Onshape and some of their offerings, we see the opportunity to help pull through PTC in some of these digital thread opportunities, we preserve an open approach and respect customers’ installed base. But having the ability when a customer is looking at PTC, the ability to include that in the digital thread offering is proving to be very valuable. And with the recent acquisition of Kalypso, we have formidable capabilities with respect to digital thread. So this is just another tool that we have at our disposal. And we continue to look for meaningful ways to integrate PTC technology with our own offering, not just on the software side, but also really importantly on the way that data is pulled from the control and brought up to that information layer.
Blake Moret: Yes. Jeff, I’ll make a couple of comments. And then Patrick and Steve may add to that. I mean, software and control includes the essential heart of a control system. The control function, whether it’s based in hardware or software or a combination of the two is processing the inputs and changing the states of outputs. And that’s going to remain a persistent part of control systems in all of the industries that we serve. We see some evidence of that as we talked about the great performance in packaging on our end, compact logics really performed quite well relative to the rest of the control during the last couple of quarters. So we think that that’s an essential functionality and regardless of where the execution point moves from hardware and firmware to pure software or back, depending on customer preferences, we’re confident that we can continue to perform very well there. On the software side, the pure software side, we are increasing the focus on ARR. It’s a little bit over 5% of sales currently. And as we talked about last Investor Day, as we’ll talk about again next week, the goal is to bring it to 10% and more in the next few years, and we think we’re on a good path to do that. I should add it takes all hands on deck to make that happen. It starts with great software, either that we’re developing ourselves or that we’re buying. It also includes increasing our selling capabilities and significant part of our recent investments is adding sales who had a specific focus on software and also the infrastructure within the company to make sure we do a great job of processing those orders and that we’re decreasing churn rates and so on. So it’s really the full company on board and an integrated effort to grow that.
Blake Moret: Steve, I think we’re in a period of time in general where things are going to be highly variable by geographies and by end markets and by end user, OEM split. So we’re kind of top line there, you’re correct and I think in Q2, it looks like our performance last year outpaced pretty much all of our competitors. And during this time, relative position and amount of business in different parts of the world, I think are going to have a big impact on the results. In general, the theme is of course towards recovery. And as we said, as we pull out from the Q3 trough, we expect gradually recovering conditions and a return to strong year-over-year growth in Q3 as industrial production returns to grow and as we have easier comps. The other point I would make regarding Q2 that you mentioned fiscal 2020, it was broad-based. Automotive, I think was a bit of a positive surprise, but it wasn’t just automotive, but there were a number of industries that were positive in the quarter.
Blake Moret: Well, yes, no question that logics hardware is good margin for us. If you do the math and you look at what we’ve provided on fiscal 2020 breakout by segment, about $1.7 billion in Software & Control and all of the software is in this segment. So that, we said it was over $500 million in fiscal 2020 of the pure software. And then, I should also mention, that this is the segment that is currently attractive in the majority of our investment. So whether it’s in logics or it’s in the software development as a percentage of sales this segment would have the highest investment.
Blake Moret: Yes. As we’ve talked about before Andy, life science is probably the area where we have the longest list of customers that have announced plans to do things in the U.S. Some of these have been public about what they’re doing. You take about, what Becton, Dickinson is doing or Sanofi and so on, and other customers that we’re working with, but they haven’t yet disclosed that publicly and so we respect that. We’ve also seen some high profile semiconductor announcements that we’ve talked in the past about Taiwan Semi and the work that we’re doing with them. And there are some others out there in other industries, our consumer electronics, consumer tools, I’d say it’s a steady cadence and we have – let’s say get started kids, if you will to work with customers who are considering doing these sorts of things that our salespeople are familiar with. It’s really a part of the overall attempts for resilience. So we’re not seeing an avalanche of that reassuring. We see that steady, but the business that’s coming out of it, it’s meaningful. It’s certainly in the millions of dollars that we’re seeing there.
Blake Moret: Yes, we did see as with almost all our industries, so good sequential. It was so strong, a double-digit sequential increase in automotive. So up 20% gives us optimism. Then as we talk about, fiscal year 2021 get into around 10% growth in automotive. We think we have a line of sight on the projects and the improving MRO to substantiate that. And obviously within there, areas like electric vehicle that we think are particularly good for us as we see higher win rates in EV than across the general portfolio for automotive.
Blake Moret: We’re certainly going to be adding additional talent and learning new motions within our sales force, but it’s really a microcosm of the overall convergence of IT and OT. Our home field advantage is understanding of these customers and the operational technologies and what happens on the plant floor and how they make money or avoid downtime. And complimenting that with perspectives of people who understand the software selling motion is what we’re right in the middle of now. We’re making significant investments in new talent, training enablement for our overall sales force and so it’s bringing that talent up together, the existing plus the new.
Blake Moret: We’re encouraged in that, the Biden campaign and the Biden administration has talked about the importance of U.S. manufacturing. And so that is the single most important issue for us. And we’re optimistic that they recognize the importance that manufacturing in this country plays as a part of the vital core of the American economy. And so we’re looking forward to working with them through professional organizations and so on, to find ways to increase the manufacturing in the U.S. along with the attendant issue of workforce development which is a crucial issue for us as well.
Blake Moret: Yes. Our view is that, our customer is going to have multiple applications to create their version of the digital thread and that’s going to vary by different industries. So what you’re looking for in terms of the digital thread in oil and gas is going to be different than what you’re looking for in automotive typically. Let’s say, we are selectively looking at integration between interesting parts of the PTC portfolio. One of the specific areas that Jim Heppelmann highlighted during LiveWorx this past summer was Onshape and our Emulate3D simulation capabilities. And so that’s one area that’s very interesting, and we have differentiated value. We’re using it in our own facilities and it’s helped us win competitively in other areas. But that doesn’t mean that we have to have that capability in every instance in-house. So an open approach and respecting the investment that customer has already have made in terms of training and installation, different vendors, application software in industry is an important tenant of our approach to the market. And so we don’t necessarily need to own everything, but where we pick particularly interesting use cases like the one I just mentioned between Onshape and Emulate3D, that’s an example where we will go deeper and we will provide additional integration tools to add that value.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. Nobody is better positioned than Rockwell and our partners to bring information technology and industrial operational technology together. We remain focused on the well-being of our employees, and we continue to manage thoughtfully through a gradual recovery. At the same time, we are happy to see the positive results of steps being taken to accelerate profitable growth. I also want to wish Patrick all the best. Patrick, you’ve played a big role in our success, and you will be missed. We wish you all good health and thank you for your interest and support.
Steve Etzel: Hi, John, this is Steve. We expect a gradual sequential recovery throughout the year, including into the first quarter. And as we said on the call, that implies a first half decline year-over-year, and then a second half year-over-year growth rate in mid- to high-teens.
Steve Etzel: Yes. John, I think it’s best to think of it as a mid-single digit quarter-to-quarter sequential growth in fiscal 2021.
Steve Etzel: Sure. John, the $15 headwind that you see there on the walk is the bonus rehearsal, I’m sorry, the bonus reinstatement and the temporary cost reversal. That bonus is about $115 million in and of itself for the full year. I will point out by the way as it relates to the bonus; it’s obviously a full year headwind. The biggest headwind we’ll see on a year-over-year bonus is in the second, I’m sorry, yes, the second quarter, but each quarter will have some headwinds. In terms of some of the structural savings and so on, on that bridge, that’s all in core. We have about $60 million of structural savings, which relate to restructurings that we’ve taken over the last several quarters, including in Q4. And then there’s some other cost reduction actions through a cost improvement, if you will, through increased efficiencies in our plants and so on as volume increases.
Steve Etzel: Sure. This is Steve. We did a lot of benchmarking, as you said, we did get a lot of investor input as it relates to this. We obviously have been on a path doing more acquisitions than perhaps in our history. We have a goal of growing top line more than a point per year from acquisitions and we have been doing more. And we thought now is the right time to make the change and come more in line with a lot of other companies that we compare our substance.
Steve Etzel: Steve, the way you can think about it, if we package PTC and offerings to one of our customers we probably achieve between 30% and 40% incremental margins there, so in-line with overall company average, lower of course than it would be our own controllers or our own software.
