Blake Moret: Thanks Nick. Despite geopolitical volatility, our detailed discussions with our distributors, machine builders, and end-users point to fairly healthy market conditions. Our outlook for fiscal year 2024 is based on an acceleration of new product orders as distributors and machine builders reduce excessive inventory. Our operations team is working around the clock to ensure we can convert these new orders into shipments at lead-times that are as good or better than pre-pandemic lead-times. We continue to gain share across our key platforms, especially here in North America. We are seeing early orders from customer projects facilitated by economic stimulus, and automation continues to be an important way to maximize the productivity of available workers. Our recent acquisitions are performing well on both revenue and cost, with Clearpath Robotics being a standout addition to Rockwell's portfolio. We've seen multimillion dollar wins across diverse end-markets, including automotive, food and beverage, and even warehousing and logistics and this is just the beginning. We have a unique portfolio of high-value assets that we've built and bought with the best partner ecosystem in the business. Our focus is now to integrate these elements as only a pure-play can, growing share, profitability and cash flow by driving efficiency and synergy. Aijana, we'll now begin the Q&A session.
Blake Moret: Yes. Let me just mention additionally, Andy, that distributor inventory is coming down. So, as we've talked about before, we have good visibility into our distributor inventory based on our channel model, and we are seeing that going down as we expected. As we're seeing the orders, it's a good mix across industries, including some of the industries that were pressured by the lower shipments in the first quarter like auto and food and beverage, we're also seeing it across the entire portfolio, as we talked about annual recurring revenue, very strong from a software and a high-value services standpoint and other aspects of Lifecycle Services. But we do expect that that order recovery is going to be broad-based across our key industries, including in discrete and hybrid, to complement the continuing good performance in process such as oil and gas.
Blake Moret: No. Well, we're reaffirming the guide that we introduced in November. The significant increase in EPS in the second half of the year is based on the increased volume. You'll recall last year, we went from roughly $2 billion of shipments in the first quarter of fiscal year 2023 to an exit of around $2.5 billion. And we're expecting to see something similar in this year, in fiscal year 2024, from the Q1 that we were talking about of $2 billion roughly of shipments to around $2.5 billion at the end of the year. That's what's going to drive the higher margins and EPS. Last year, the causal for that ramp was based on getting chip supply. This year, it's the ramp of orders.
Blake Moret: Sure Jeff. So, what we're seeing is the shift in the timing going from a dynamic of shipments that's been based entirely on reducing large amounts of backlog, to a recovery to a more normal product book-and-bill process. So, the big shipments that we saw over the last year were based on chips coming in with a very visible really mass of past-due backlog that was in a relatively concentrated set of SKUs for us. So, whether it was variable speed drives or motion control or Logix IO. We had very good visibility into what we needed to ship as soon as we got the chips. We're seeing the shift in Q1, which should be complete in Q2, of moving to a more normal distribution of having the vast majority of our shipments in the quarter based on book-and-bill, that is, new orders coming in that get turned around in the quarter. The things that hampered us in Q1 were the lingering tail of those past-due backlog items that we talked about taking a little bit longer than Q1 to clear out, as well as some continuing component challenges, and then the shift to being able to build safety stock to be able to handle those incoming orders. That progress continues in Q2. We expect to be substantially complete with that in the quarter. But that's the difference of what we were shipping out last year versus what we're shipping out now. I should also mention, we've talked in the past about our capacity being over $10 billion and that remains true. Our capacity to ship in terms of physical plant and labor is over $10 billion and that's going to be important as we continue to grow.
Blake Moret: Yes, Andrew, there is. As I mentioned before, the first is to make sure that we have the fixed assets in place. We've been working on that for over a year, which allowed us to get to the $9 billion worth of shipments last year, which was a fairly healthy step-up from prior. And we've kept going to where, today, we feel like we have over $10.5 billion worth of capacity in terms of the assets. As you'll recall, we're a fairly asset-light manufacturing process. It's assembly, it's test fixtures, it's surface mount machines and so on. And we're making sure, not only in our organic business, but also with the acquisitions where we're seeing such strong growth, that we're making the investments to be able to fuel that growth. Labor is the other area. We have adequate product labor in place currently. We are continuing to ramp up based on the growth in our engineered-to-order business and the share gains that we're seeing there, the labor through the year in that. And in some cases, we're holding labor in place to make sure that it's there as we see that order ramp continue through the year. From a structural standpoint, we are working through ways to drive efficiency, to get scale throughout the organization. Some of this is standard lean concepts. But it's also adding the things that we've learned about needing resilience in terms of redundancy across multiple plants, in some cases, redundant sources of supply to be able to reduce the dependence on single suppliers in single parts of the world. So, we're working all of those plays in operations as well as with the engineers. Andrew, going back to your first comment, we do expect to be exiting fiscal year 2024, as we go through this transition, with margins that are very encouraging, as Nick talked about, as well as volume that supports continued growth in 2025 and beyond.
Blake Moret: Sure. So, for us, packaging is typically being incorporated as part of our vertical industries of food and beverage, consumer packaged goods. And we are seeing the machinery builders in those areas, in Life Sciences as well, I should mention, there's packaging of medicine in Life Sciences, of course. And we are seeing those machine builders, similar to our distributors work, through inventory in their system. It's in a similar kind of profile to what we're seeing with our distributors, in that we expect over the coming few months, that works off and exposes what we continue to see from direct conversations with those customers, with those machine builders strong underlying demand. With respect to mining, we actually are seeing relative strength in mining in the areas that we focus on. Some of that is driven by materials for batteries. But in general, we do expect to see low single-digit growth in mining in the year.
Blake Moret: No, Steve, it's really -- I mean, it is product and it's centered in the Intelligent Devices. So, where you have the greatest diversity of SKUs between variable speed drives, motion control. And these are the areas where you're seeing that shift that I mentioned earlier, where we were bringing down a significant amount of past-due backlog, and now we're moving towards what is a more normal book-and-bill environment. But there's no unsurmountable challenges that we don't expect to be resolved in Q2. It was the shift that we saw really Q1 and a little bit into Q2, is that move from having the vast majority of our shipments as past-due backlog moving to more book-and-bill, centered within the Intelligent Devices segment.
Blake Moret: Yes, we haven't given the specific number, Steve. We talked about double-digit sequential growth from the trough in Q4 to Q1, with expected continuing double-digit sequential growth from Q1 to Q2, and really continuing through the year.
Blake Moret: Yes, we expect our distributors to be carrying a little higher amount of inventory given the customer service challenges that the industry has had over the last couple of years, we expect that equilibrium that distributors get to be a little higher level than it was pre-pandemic. And that's with very specific discussions with them about how they're thinking about the balance of customer service and working capital. We're also seeing with our machine builders that, as I mentioned before, some of them are still continuing to work down inventory in their own system, but we expect that to be complete over the coming months. I don't know of any difference in the way machine builders are looking at carrying levels of inventory and working capital. But with our distributors, we do expect them to normalize at a little higher level than they would have traditionally.
Blake Moret: Sure. Let me just clarify that. The shift that's going on that we saw challenges in the first quarter was the move from servicing backlog of products to shipping out book-and-bill of products where the orders come in in the quarter. We continue to have a certain amount of configure-to-order business, our motor control centers, our big drives, our independent cart technology and so on. That isn't representing the biggest challenge to us. Those are very different processes. Those configure-to-order businesses come in with varying degrees of customization specific to a customer. But the big dynamic that we've been talking about in Q1 is the move from a somewhat concentrated list of SKUs that we have backlog building -- that backlog built up because we couldn't get the chips, moving to book-and-bill of a more diverse set of SKUs as we see the largest portion of our shipments coming from orders received in that quarter, not one or two or three quarters prior. So, that's the main dynamic that we're working through. You have much less visibility to what's coming in from that book-and-bill profile. So that's one of the changes. And what Nick was talking about in the previous question is we're in the process of building up safety stock in those areas so that we can deal with the ebb and flow of the normal order book, in a quarter being able to turn that around and convert those orders to shipments in the quarter. So, those are the processes that are somewhat different from what -- the world we've been living in for the last year or so, to what we're transitioning to and we'll continue to operate in, we hope, for a long time.
Blake Moret: Yes, I think you said it right. The largest impact is based on getting those shipments out the door, being able to see the distributors return to equilibrium. We continue to see good activity in process applications. We talked about oil and gas, specialty chemical, mining. These are all areas that are relatively strong. Certainly, we've seen some slowdown in certain of the EV projects, but those projects are continuing. We're continuing to win new business in those areas. And as I talked about in my prepared remarks, in traditional internal combustion engines and in hybrid manufacturing, we have very good readiness to serve in those areas as well, with a lot of experience. So, in a year of low growth, we're not seeing any big ebbs and flows in the vertical end-market needs being the predominant factor in any changes through the year.
Blake Moret: Yes, I think what you're seeing from a positive standpoint is the greater percentage of products as those orders increase through the year. To be sure, we are seeing some headwind based on the comparables with the year where Logix grew over 30% last year as one of our most profitable product lines. But the other point is that, recognizing the puts and takes in this year, we did take cost out beginning in Q4 of the last year. And so that gives us help to being able to push those margins at the exit of 2024 higher than they were. That's in -- across our business and functions, most noticeably in Lifecycle Services.
Blake Moret: We're really talking about variability that could be in the area of weeks or a month. I wouldn't read too much into talking middle of the year versus second quarter. We did see a good double-digit sequential increase in orders in Q1. We expect that again in Q2. January represents a sequential increase based on what we've seen so far from Q1. And so we continue to see that inventory at our distributors coming down pretty much as we expected.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Andy, we ended last year with a backlog of $4.1 billion all in, and it went down high single digits in -- during the first quarter. In terms of what we're seeing with orders, you're exactly right, we're seeing an inflection up in the orders from the Q4 trough. And we're expecting that to continue into the second quarter of double-digit growth into the second quarter. In terms of where that -- where we're seeing that, I'll turn that over to Blake.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, we're expecting dollar revenue to be very similar in Q2 to what it was in Q1 and a very similar margin. The mix of what we're selling in Q1 to Q2, in Q1, we had more of it coming out of our backlog and less from current quarter book-and-bill. In Q2, that will be shifting -- that mix will be shifting to more coming out of current quarter orders as we continue to bring that backlog down. On the margin front, many of the things that we saw in the first quarter, we're going to be keeping investment spend very similar to what -- in Q2 very similar to what it was in Q1. The year-on-year change of that will come down, but the sequential will be almost identical. And then mix will probably not be as -- was a drain -- was a negative to us in Q1. And we expect mix to continue as a negative into Q2, both from a segment mix where we expect higher growth in -- our highest growth in Lifecycle Services, but also within segments where we're seeing more of our sales in Intelligent Devices coming from our configure-to-order business.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, I did call some of that out. First, we saw double-digit order growth sequentially in Q1, and we expect double-digit order growth sequentially in Q2. And then further ramp into Q3 and Q4 for orders. And that's being driven by the progress we're seeing with excess inventory in the channel coming out. In terms of the backlog, we ended fiscal year 2023 with a backlog of $4.1 billion, and we saw that come down high single-digit percent in the first quarter.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, what I said on the last call is that we expect the backlog in a more normal range of 30% to 35% of our revenue. I think that we still see that as a good point. I'd say our current projections see us at the high end, closer to the high end of that 30% to 35% range now for fiscal year 2024.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. So, if you look at our press release, we have gross profit down 240 basis points year-on-year. About a third of that is coming from the investment spend that I talked about year-on-year, that that's because our R&D spend is part of that growth. So, that's about a third of that decline in the margin there. Our acquisitions, Clearpath and Verve, are 30 basis points are a small part of that. And then the rest of it would be coming from mix and underutilization of our -- underutilization of our supply chain in the first quarter.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, it will really be bringing us where the first two quarters of this year are, I'd say, under-reflecting end-demand for our products as that excess inventory is being worked through. And then Q3 and Q4 are getting back to a more normal. So, yes, that makes it more heavily weighted to the back half of the year. But given our plans of what we'll be doing from spending, the type of earnings growth, is very consistent with what we expect with that kind of uptick in revenue into Q3 and Q4.
Nick Gangestad: Yes. There's three things I'll point out on that, Chris. The vast majority, I'll say 75% of that margin expansion, is just coming from the volume increase in holding investment spending flat across the year. The second and third pieces are pretty equal. One is coming from the improved utilization of our factories that we'll -- and our supply chain that we'll see as a result of that. And then the third is we saw good progress on our Lifecycle services margin, and we expect that to continue, and that's also going to be part of our continued margin expansion from the first half to the second half.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, I would put the -- we had originally guided that we expected low single-digit growth in the first quarter. We came in at 1. So, there is -- there's a portion, but it's probably in the $50 million to $70 million range of what we're talking about there. And yes, much of that is going into the second half of the year. That is correct.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Julian, there's a few things that will change there. First of all, you know our projection that we're going to move from 140 days of inventory down to 125. That's been there and that's unchanged. Now, the mix of that, as we're looking at this shift to more and more of our revenue coming from current quarter orders that we're booking and billing, part of our action plans there is we see some increased needs for safety stock of those finished goods. So, as we go through the balance of this year, there will be some places where finished goods go up. But that will be more than offset by the reductions that we're seeing in our components driven by the improved lead-times we have for those components as well as our work in progress. So, we're expecting, as we progress through 2024, just to be seeing that kind of shift. The 125 days will still be well above our pre-pandemic levels where we were typically under 100 days of inventory.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, in order to have sufficient inventories to be able to ship products very quickly to our customers and our distributors when they want it, we've been working on getting our products recovery back to where we can ship. Now, part of the progress we're making in the next couple of quarters is getting all of our safety stocks on our -- for our finished goods to where we feel they should be in order to make sure we're performing and executing to our customers' expectations. That's part of that plan. And so finished goods will not decline, but we expect all of our decline to be coming in the -- in our raw materials and work in progress.
Nick Gangestad: Yes, Joe, I'll just add. I mean, we're obviously in close dialogue with all of our distributors, and a high percentage of them are affirming to us that they expect to be done with -- they're reducing excess inventory sometime during Q2 and that they're at an equilibrium point there.
