Blake D. Moret: Yeah. I think the outlook for 2019, for both traditional automotive as well as electric vehicle, continues to look positive. So we saw a return to MRO spend in the traditional business in Q2. We had mentioned some comments of concerns at the end of Q1, and we saw those more traditional levels restored. And then from some of the commitments that we've received in the quarter, 2019 is shaping up to be generally positive for us.
Blake D. Moret: There's been some good activity in tire as well. If we talk about North America, I would say, the particular area of activity for 2019 has been in the electric vehicles side, in terms of new commitments and that's really around the world. We've seen some important projects that we've been named on in China as well as in the U.S.
Blake D. Moret: Yes, Rich, if I can add as well. We did see some moderate sequential growth through the quarter, and then from Q1 to Q2 as we mentioned, the automotive shipments did see sequential growth.
Blake D. Moret: Not really. I mean as we've talked about before, B&R was a good competitor when they were independent. ABB will be continue to be a strong competitor with B&R, but we're not seeing any wholesale change in terms of the competitive environment based on the combination.
Blake D. Moret: As the mix is biasing towards heavy industries, heavy industries has greater exposure to projects and those are going to come in in a more lumpy fashion. We've seen good book-to-bill over the last couple of quarters. If we see some projects large for us, that could come any time. And so when those projects come and when we start to recognize revenue from those projects, could have a significant impact on the end of the year. So that's why we have that baked into the high-end of that range.
Blake D. Moret: Jeff, I think it's a good question and I think evolution is the way to look at it in that. We're constantly evaluating given the pace of the technology changes, what we need to do, what is core to us versus what we can provide a more robust solution to our customers by partnering and obviously acquisitions are a part of that as well. So things that maybe 10 years ago we thought would be something best left to partners or things that we might be looking at more as a part of what our core capabilities need to be going forward in terms of technology as well as expertise. And so we're constantly looking at that. What that doesn't mean is that we think we need to have a single monolithic closed approach to having every application that our customers might need and every bit of expertise because we don't think anybody is going to have best-in-brand top to bottom there. So to be able to provide the best solution, to provide an open framework for our customers to be able to accommodate existing installed base as well as what they might need in the future to take advantage of small nimble companies that have good ideas that can fit into our framework, that's still very much a part of our strategy but we're constantly evaluating what we need to own versus what we need to partner with and those partners again are going to be a combination of big well-known names like Microsoft as well as smaller companies that have good ideas that can fit into our system and can take advantage of our market access.
Blake D. Moret: I'd say if you look at our funnel, it's increased both in terms of the range including some larger, larger acquisitions than we might have thought about before as well as the number and in particular our focus areas. So we talked about our priorities for acquisition, the Information Solutions, Connected Services, increasing access in some of the emerging markets. We're looking first at the strategic fit and then we're looking at the financial impact and we're very active in that area of the company.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. I think there's a combination of factors that we triangulate to arrive at that outlook. First of all, our business, over a long period of time ever since I've been in business, is correlated to industrial production. And obviously industrial production forecasts will change when you get to the actuals, but if you look at the actual IP over decades, it's correlated pretty well to our growth where our growth is a multiple of that. IP, particularly in the U.S. is that the highest rate that it's been at in years. Now, the mix by vertical is certainly changing. There's no question that auto has moderated from what growth rates we saw last year, but again we're seeing a positive program commits, as the industry transforms to one that's more weighted to EV, then it's going to be volatile. And everybody starting from a small base so run rates and growth quarter-to-quarter is going to be less meaningful than in a mature business. So from a macro standpoint, we see positive signs. In terms of our order book and our backlog, Patrick mentioned before, we had a historically high book-to-bill in Q1. We had good book-to-bill in this quarter. We're chasing projects, we think that are very reasonable, that are good fits for our capabilities, but the mix is changing. And so you're going to see more on the heavy industry side, amidst the fundamentals of consumer and then I've talked before about transportation. From a regional standpoint, emerging markets, high-single-digits, we still see that, that piece is playing out as the growth of the middle class creates demand for things that we're good at helping manufacturers produce, consumer, automotive and then there's obviously semiconductor and other heavy industries that are strengthening. So from a variety of directions, that gives us confidence that we are in the early stages, but I agree with you Scott about the weirdness of this. I mean capital with our customers has still remained on the sidelines compared to some of the historic ratios. And where we think that our fundamental mission of helping them increase productivity whether they have in their minds large capital projects or not, we're still in our wheelhouse to be able to help them be able to save money and time.
Blake D. Moret: You know, Scott, a lot of the manufacturing processes are the same. I mean assembly, paint, trim and chassis, those are very similar. Whether it's traditional automotive or it's EV, obviously you have the battery, fabrication, the winding that's different. I think what prompts us to create a center of excellence is the nature of the companies. These are startup companies. And while a lot of them have veterans that they've poached away from traditional manufacturers, these are smaller companies and they know that they have to differentiate not only in their technology, but in their business models. And to be able to embed ourselves in that flow of ideas is a big part of what prompted us to open this center of our excellence.
Blake D. Moret: As we've modeled out longer-term the growth process to be sure it has additional labor content in it which is going to be a little less margin rich. On the other hand, when those customers are buying hardware and then they're doing the integration or the VARs are doing the integration into complete solutions, it tends to use a lot of large processors. And so the margin contribution of that when it's sold as products is actually pretty good. So we see, as Patrick said, some dilution if the mix were to change completely over, but there's some puts and takes there.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. We still remain primarily an organic growth story. We think that the Connected Enterprise value proposition which really brings strengths from all parts of the company together remains as vibrant as ever, but we're going to use all of our strengths and some of that is going to be our strong financial position as well.
Blake D. Moret: Sure. Some of those big projects are in fact in China. So, in Q2 the growth that we saw was driven by a diverse range of industries that included consumer, semiconductor, water treatment, chemical, metals. So it was across the spectrum. I would say maybe the most important story in China was the very strong order development there and that included projects as well as flow business. A couple of examples that we can talk about is a particular electric vehicle manufacturer gave us a pair of multimillion dollar orders; one for their Chinese operations, one for new facility in the U.S. with our MES software. So this fits squarely in that new value from the Connected Enterprise and our software orders that obviously have associated maintenance and support along with that and that really differentiates us from some of those other discrete suppliers in the industry that we can link the real-time control hardware with the information software and services that helps them get even greater productivity. There's some other projects that we're chasing in heavy industries in China and so, I would characterize the outlook of our people in China as quite positive and again it's across a variety of industries.
Blake D. Moret: I think the feedback from the distributors matching what we're seeing in our results is general sequential improvement through the quarter.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. We targeted in our overall sources of revenue growth, 1 point or more a year from acquisitions. And then obviously, as I mentioned, it's going to be predicated first on the strategic fit, and then we'd look at the financial impact. So over a period of time, 1 point or more of growth. You'll see some years that might be less than that. You'll see other years that will be considerably more as we move forward, but it's an active pipeline. I've talked about the diversity of what's in that pipeline. There's also diversity in terms of what's getting close and what's a little bit further out. So you have now near and far planning out, and that's what we want. We want to charge that pipe so that there's a steady stream of opportunities that are maturing going forward.
Blake D. Moret: Sure. Well, starting with the headline; we expect double-digit growth in semiconductor for the year. They're investing a lot. We have a good solution there, particularly when you look at the software, that's being used for overall supervisory control, building management type of applications. It's been big for a long time in Asia and some of the orders we saw in China were associated with the semiconductor facilities in the last quarter, but the impact is beyond Asia as well. And so we're seeing Europe, for instance, having contribution from semicon as well. It's about 5% of our business, but at those growth rates, I look at it as somewhat similar to life sciences. And that when you have those large growth rates, they can have an impact on our overall results and we have some highly differentiated solutions there.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. I would say for Industrie 4.0 or a customer's journey to their Connected Enterprise, China Manufacturing 2025, all these different terms for integrating control on information. Important principle to keep in mind is that a customer is never done with that. They all embark on that journey at different stages of maturity. So some still needed to put basic automation building blocks in place or update decades old technology. Others have that fundamental real-time control on information and they're looking to integrate additional productivity tools in their enterprise, but wherever they start, that journey doesn't end. There's low-hanging fruit to be sure. I mean we see when we're providing for instance remote monitoring for customers that they can reduce unplanned downtime by as much as 50%, others have more modest goals. So they might be around more rapid startup and so on, but you're never done. Now, looking at the maturity and how it impacts our results in terms of those concepts, we are seeing the move that we talked about before as we go from pilots to more enterprise customer engagement. So people have tried, let's say, pilots. They've gotten confidence that they can save money with some of these concepts and they're moving it out to larger deployments. And so we're seeing the number of customers that are looking at multi-site rollouts of these technologies and services increasing.
Blake D. Moret: So well in terms of taking advantage of AI, I think because manufacturing is largely installed base, very few manufacturers have the luxury of starting with a clean sheet of paper. So they're dealing with older technology that's running their facilities and as they upgrade, they have opportunities to implement new, new techniques. I think that another challenge is the way that the effective use of artificial intelligence spans multiple organizational silos within a company. So you have the expertise on the plant floor that knows how the operation should run, it knows the traditional sources of downtime and lost productivity in those operations and then you have the IT world that understands these new tools. And being able to bridge that world to converge IT and OT is really the biggest opportunity for these companies to take advantage of both the technology as well as the expertise. One is not effective without the other.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. So we see in general a continued path to share gains in our core products and we've talked about products like Logix and our View, Stratix network switches, Kinetix Motion Control and PowerFlex drives, those have been on a pretty steady upward tick in terms of the shares we triangulate what we report, what our competitors report, what the industry reporting companies tell us. While we watch that fluctuations on a quarterly basis, obviously share is fairly volatile in that respect. It's also a lagging indicator. So you don't get a real good information in the real-time, but we think our share is improving. When we see the kinds of growth that we're seeing in places like Latin America, we think there's no question that we're taking share. Indicators tell us that we're continuing to notch up the share in the U.S. So we feel comfortable that what we are selling and the market access is differentiated.
Blake D. Moret: Yeah. So Rob, we're going to see fluctuations over near-term in the stock price, but I'll go back some of the comments from last fall that remain true today, a few months later. First of all, our strategy is working. The Connected Enterprise strategy and bringing that to life for customers is bringing them value and we're seeing growth from that. Second, as you point out, we do have the strength to use our balance sheet to create additional value for shareholders, and as Patrick said, there's a variety of ways that we can do that. Our first priority is around improving the long-term differentiation of the company and to support the organic growth. We have an active acquisition pipeline and we do expect to use more of our capital than we have in the past in that respect. And then we've already increased the share repurchase. We just increased the dividend today and so we do intend to do that, but we're not going to lurk into a new strategy because the strategy is working and we're bringing long-term value. And we think that's borne out by the superior value creation that we've provided over a variety of past looking measures. Thanks a lot.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. I'll start with Europe. So Europe was down about 1 point in the second quarter, and obviously, we had a tough comp in Europe. Europe was up about 12% last year and what we see is the timing of some of the projects that create some noise. With respect to timing of organic growth for the balance of the year for the whole company, we think that the year-over-year growth will be somewhat similar in Q3 and in Q4, maybe little bit more weighted in the fourth quarter of the year, but I don't expect big differences in overall growth rates Q3 versus Q4, maybe a little overweighed in Q4.
Patrick Goris: For the back half of the year, you can think, it might be a few tenths of a point negative from the overall company perspective.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. And Steve to Blake's point, it's one of the reasons that within the Architecture & Software segment which was up 2.5% in the quarter, Logix did actually much better than that. It was up about 5%, because it has a much better exposure across industries including heavy industries.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. I think Steve, a couple of things. One, Blake mentioned that in the pipeline, we have larger type deals than what we have done in the past. We have – in terms of capital deployments in January we did increase substantially the target per share repurchases for this year from $500 million to $1.2 billion and as we just announced today, we're increasing the dividend. And so, I think it's fair to say that we've already significantly increased the amount of capital we're deploying. We've already said that if there is tax reform, we have access to the excess non-U.S. cash, then we would redeploy that over a period of 18 months to 24 months. And I think that we're in the process of doing so. And we want to be careful because if we see an attractive opportunity to deploy capital, we want to keep all the flexibility and doing the share repurchase over a period of time provides us that flexibility.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So Julian you mentioned SG&A. When we talk investments, a lot of our investments go towards research and development. Our R&D expenses are not part of SG&A. They sit in gross profit. And if you look at our at our gross profit performance, you see that there's not been a big change there in the gross profit margin and one of the reasons is, is that our R&D spending has actually gone up in that area. From an overall spend point of view, you may have heard us talk in the past about a $2 billion-ish base of overhead spending. For the full year, we're targeting about a 3.5% increase, which is about $70 million. We've seen a $70 million increase year-over-year. Of that $70 million, we've seen about a third in the first half of the year and so the other two-thirds we projected that's included in our guidance will happen in the back half of the year.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Andy, in my comments, I referred to the higher growth second half versus the first half of the year. And I referred to higher growth rates particularly in our solutions and services businesses. One of the reasons why we have a good level of comfort with that is that a lot of that already sits in our backlog at the end of March. As you know our solutions and services businesses tend to run at about a six months backlog and so we have a little bit more visibility in those businesses for the back half of the year.
Patrick Goris: It had no impact on segment margins, Noah. It had an EPS benefit, but it had no impact on segment margin in the quarter versus prior year.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So far this year we have repatriated about $900 million of cash. That's why you see a reduction in our short-term debt and of course some of that we've redeployed through share repurchases. By the end of this fiscal year – or no, later than the end of this fiscal year, we expect our short-term debt to be close or at zero. The $2.4 billion of excess non-U.S. cash is going to take us, what we said in January, a little bit over a year to bring it all back home. And so some of it will take us into early 2019. And as I said earlier on the call, our expectation is to redeploy it over an 18 months to 24 months period because it provides us a lot of flexibility to do it over the period of time.
