Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Chris. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Release Conference Call. With me today is Blake Moret, our Chairman and CEO; and Nick Gangestad, our CFO.  Our results were released earlier this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website. Both the press release and charts include in our call today will reference non-GAAP measures. Both the press release and charts include reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures. A webcast on this call will be available at our website for replay for the next 30 days.  For your convenience, a transcript of our prepared remarks will also be available on our website at the conclusion of today's call. Additional information and news about our company can also be found on Rockwell's Investor Relations Twitter feed using the handle at InvestorsROK, that's @InvestorsROK. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in our SEC filings.   So with that, I'll hand the call over to Blake. 
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Blake. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say that we would like to get to as many of you as possible. So please limit yourself to one question and a quick follow-up. Thank you. Chris, let's take our first question. 
Jessica Kourakos: Thanks, Chris. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We look forward to seeing you next week, hopefully, and have a great day. 
Blake Moret: Thanks, Nick. As we look forward to fiscal '22, strong order trends and record backlog underpin a robust top line outlook. We are making investments in our capacity, technology and people to support our future growth. Our people delivered great results this year, and I want to take a moment to recognize their tremendous work during especially challenging times.   As the world recovers, investments in automation and digital transformation have never been more top of mind. Nobody is better positioned to help industrial customers be more resilient, agile and sustainable. As many of you will see at our upcoming Investor Day, we're taking manufacturing to a whole new level and look forward to a great year ahead.   Let me now pass the baton back to Jessica to begin the Q&A session. 
Blake Moret: Well, sometimes it's useful to look at our own plans as a manufacturer in our own right. And our investments, I think, are broadly indicative of what a lot of customers in different industries are doing. They're looking to make sure that they have the capacity to meet the current demand but also looking to get in place the capacity punch new lines of business and find new ways to win, and that's language that we've used, but we're hearing that from a lot of our customers as well.   So in some cases, it's just meeting the capacity demands. When we look at semiconductor, and when we look at life sciences in some of these areas, it's to meet current capacity in well-known areas. In other cases, people are looking to launch new lines of business with EV probably being the best known of that. They're very eager to take delivery of our products. And one of the things that we have is the intimacy through our own salespeople as well as through our distribution of line of sight to these projects that are driving the demand and when they're needed. So we're not just guessing when they might need these products, we know what projects they're going into and when those projects are expected to start.   To be sure, there's certainly some delays in those projects that our customers are seeing, but they're trying to get these -- this capacity up and running just as soon as possible. 
Blake Moret: Yes. So very happy with the development of our ARR, both in terms of the percentage growth and then the step change that we received from acquisitions like Plex. And -- so we're currently looking at an ARR of over 8% of the company's total, and we're continuing on that path.   If you think about the main elements of ARR in the company, it starts with software, software subscriptions, software delivered as a service and the associated technical support which is also delivered as a contract either bundled with the software or as a separate subscription or software that's still being sold as a perpetual license.  But we also have some interesting additional areas, cybersecurity infrastructure as a service. So our industrial data center that comes its hardware with the software and the services bundle to be able to monitor network traffic on-premise has been a great offering that we've had. It's a good business in its own right, and it also pulls through a lot of additional opportunities because it's a different set of decision makers.   So those are really the primary areas, and we continue to look to expand with the opening of our new software this year to be able to offer additional services that are bought as a subscription as we develop and release organically developed software that's sold as a service that's running in the cloud. I'm very happy with the robust outlook for growth of existing offerings plus new product introductions, a number of which you'll see next week at Automation Fair. 
Blake Moret: Yes. So we did -- we were encouraged by the development of oil and gas in the fourth quarter and the outlook for fiscal '22. Our oil and gas is about 60% -- it's about 60% in upstream, with most of the remainder in midstream. So we're not really doing a whole lot in the downstream side. We do provide power control products and MAVERICK is doing work downstream often with our safety offering. But the majority of our business is in the upstream, and we were happy to see both sequential and year-over-year growth. In the fourth quarter, we saw particularly strong orders from Sensia and the growth was contributed to by all of the regions. 
Blake Moret: So as we talked about backlog of $2.9 billion is at a huge level. And we said about 40% of that is Lifecycle Services, reflecting the strengthening dynamic of our longer cycle project business, which includes a high process content. And then you, of course, have the product backlog that's being built by those enormous order quarters in Intelligent Devices and also in Software & Control.   So we have a huge tailwind coming from that, but we see continuing demand. The demand remains strong coming in. And so it really is a mix, but the sharply increased sales in '22 is due to strength and secular tailwinds, let's say, investment themes and a number of the industries that we're serving. And just in general, as people are building in resilience and agility into their basic operations, we think that, that is part of what's being reflected in our orders intake and the subsequent sales growth in '22. And we're making the investments to be a beneficiary of those trends beyond '22 as well. 
Blake Moret: Sure. I think if you go 1 level deeper in some of those end markets, in automotive, obviously, EV investment for capital projects is coming out. And so that's at a high level. You look at life sciences, there's obviously the work there associated with COVID treatments and vaccines.  We're a little surprised by the uniformity, but I think each one has its own story. Oil and gas, we love it to be part of the pack again, so to speak. So I think if you go through each one, you can see that. And then obviously, there's some regional variation as well. 
Blake Moret: In a word, yes. That's right. And I should mention the quality of the backlog, we think, is good since it's a higher percent of products than you would normally expect in terms of the traditional split of our backlog because of the longer lead times with some of those products 
Blake Moret: Yes. So in Q4, there certainly were some pull-ins in the quarter. But as we talk to our sales force and distribution, we think it's well under 10% of the total. So we think the vast majority of what we're seeing is underlying demand, and it's broad-based across multiple industries.   So we do believe, and we're seeing this into October. We continue to see strong demand coming from customers as some of these secular tailwinds that we've talked about, and you pick the industry, are investing, whether it's in transportation or food and beverage, life sciences. Chemical is expected to have decent growth in the coming year for building chemicals and packaging chemicals.   So you can see it from a variety of places. And so we're very optimistic about continued order growth in the year, particularly because we're talking to customers about new things, new capabilities that 24, 36 months ago, we didn't have in our portfolio. But there's a pretty significant expansion of what we can talk to customers about in all 3 of our business segments. 
Blake Moret: Yes. I think the majority of it is getting our new models on the road. That's how where these traditional brand owners are getting out there with EV and how the start-ups stay in business, getting a return on the investments that have been made in them. For scale, you think about automotive being about 8% of Rockwell's total business with EV about 1/4 of that, so about 25%. And we expect over multiple years EV and associated battery are going to be a strong driver of growth for us.   And that's around the world. I mean you look at the wins that we're getting in China associated with battery and EV. And it's clearly a calling card for us. We look at the wins, the opportunities that we have with Plex in the Tier providers. All of these things, I think, are positive for us. 
Blake Moret: So I mentioned motion control, and we're seeing share gains from a couple of places. First of all, our traditional products that are controlling the motion of a more traditional motor, we have some very strong products there and they're fit in an overall integrated control and information architecture are doing very well. We had some product releases of organically developed products last year that get to the more price-sensitive markets like China, and we've seen some good uptick in our kinetics products there.   But an area that we've talked, especially about in the last few quarters, is independent cart technology. And so it's linear motion control and due to its ability to save space on machinery acceleration and deceleration rates, the integration as part -- a fundamental part of the machinery really gives us a very differentiated offering in a variety of industries around the world. So it can be used in power transmission in vehicles. It can be used in tire building, in packaging, or food and beverage and life sciences. There's even some interesting applications that we're working on in mining.   And so it's very versatile set of technology. We bought 2 small companies to get into that to complement actually a technology we've had for many years, and then we'll continue to invest and build it into the overall automation architecture. So we're very happy with the growth that we're seeing there, which continues at strong double digits. 
Blake Moret: Well, we're excited about using the technology in our own operations. So we've got a pretty good system on the floor and taking that data into information systems today. But one of the real excitement for a big company like Rockwell in a cloud-based solution is the ease of implementation for the same reasons that small- and medium-sized businesses like it because they may not have an IT department to be able to manage a big fleet of computers in their plants.   The ability to have a cloud-based approach is exciting when we make new acquisitions. When we open more agile plants around the world, the heavy lift that would come with more traditional systems may not be what's most appropriate.   On the other hand, we're going to continue to do well with our on-prem MES offering because you have a lot of companies, particularly those in regulated industries that cannot change quickly. They need to have the ability to maintain a system with no change for many years. And so that on-prem system can be very helpful there. And so we see the 2 coexisting for a long time to come. 
Blake Moret: Well, we think in Sensia for oil and gas, we think the fundamental value proposition is still as strong as when we entered into it. And we are seeing that reflected in our orders. In mining, as you said, those companies are being disciplined with their capital spend, even with super high commodity prices, we haven't seen a dramatic increase in the release of funds for big capital expenditures.   Some of that's going to have to come because they only stay in business by having the ability to efficiently bring the resources to market. And we're talking to them about quotes. There's activity there, but we haven't seen it manifest itself yet. I did mention earlier, chemical is a process vertical. But we do see good growth in the teens over the year, and it's for things like construction resins as well as chemicals used in packaging because people are still getting lots of products and boxes delivered to them. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, I'll just add a couple of things, Scott. Our pricing philosophy is built on this high value we are bringing to our customers. And what we're seeing with increasing input costs, we have taken several price adjustments in fiscal year '21. And we're prepared to take additional price actions as needed if input costs increased more than what we're anticipating at this point. So we do command premium prices in the market. It's reflected in our margins. And we continue to focus on the value we are creating for our customers and the relationships we have there. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, Jeff, we had a little over 1% price growth in fiscal year '21, and we're projecting an approximately 2% net price growth in '22. However, I will be quick to caution that is based on our current level of cost increases. We are prepared to increase that more if we see additional cost increases coming in that we haven't anticipated in our latest price adjustments. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Jeff, that is accretive to our margins because it's not growing at the same pace as our sales, but it is in the -- as I said, double digits. It's from the low double digits. And Jeff, just to put some color on it, we see ourselves in the early stages of a cycle of sustained growth. And we are making investments in '22 to fuel that growth both in '22 and then beyond. And so we are increasing our spending in '22 on R&D and other growth-related investments.   Some of the places we're investing, Jeff, we're investing in some key products and software development projects, mostly in Software & Control. We're investing in customer-facing selling resources, and the addition of some travel and customer-facing expenses that had gone down during the pandemic. And we're also expanding investments in our plant capacity. So those are some of the big areas, Jeff, where you're seeing investment spend increase in '22. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes, Jeff, what we are seeing is our Q1 sequential with Q4, that's really based -- from a revenue standpoint, it's based on what we are anticipating from supply chain constraints and that, that will be keeping our revenue flat as we move from Q4 into Q1.   From a margin standpoint and an EPS perspective, some of our price increases that we have implemented will be impacting the later quarters of '22 more than they will be impacting the first quarter of '22. So part of what I'm sharing, as I say, what we expect for margin in the first quarter of '22 is impacted by the timing of price increases -- impacting our revenue and our margins as we go through the year. We also expect that cost increases from a year-on-year perspective will be most pronounced in our first quarter. And then from an EPS perspective, I will just point out first quarter of last year, we had a $0.45 gain from a legal settlement, and that will not be repeating. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Yes. Julian, the biggest story in the 90% free cash flow conversion for us in '22 is really the higher revenues and that's -- and the working capital that we're putting in place to go with those higher revenues. That's the single biggest thing.  Secondary things that we are seeing, Julian, are the payout of our bonus in '22 related to the '21 performance. And then we're also increasing our CapEx investment in light of the higher demand for our products. But no, in terms of our mix and anything going on from that perspective, that's not really having an impact, Julian. 
Nicholas Gangestad: So Steve, we had approximately $30 million of onetime spend that we did in fiscal year '21. That's not repeating. Then to our total fiscal year '22 of the roughly $2 billion of investment spend, that's what we're saying is going up double digits in '22, low double digits actually. So there's a little over $200 million of increase there in investment spend. 
Nicholas Gangestad: We have some onetimes that impacted us in fiscal year '21 that we're pointing out that those will not repeat. Also, the tax rate is based on current tax law. If this tax law does change, we would update what we expect for that. But Steve, those are a couple of the things I'd just point out. 
Nicholas Gangestad: Markus, the significant majority of our backlog, we are not repricing. There is a relatively small portion of our backlog that has more dynamic prices that we can adjust. So we are not changing the prices in our product backlog.   But as Blake mentioned earlier, when we look at our total backlog and as we work through some of that in '22, it's favorable. It's favorable in terms of the mix that we're seeing there. So we don't expect it to be dilutive. We actually expect it to be accretive to us in '22. 
