Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I’ll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to Page 3 in the slide deck. I’m pleased with our results for the quarter. Organic sales were strong up almost 6% and well above expectations. From a vertical perspective growth was led by consumer and heavy industries. In consumer, food and beverage and Life Sciences were strong. Heavy industries growth was led by mining, open paper and metals. Oil and gas, grew slightly above the company average. Within transportation, automotive was down about 10% in the quarter weaker than expected and Tire was up low single digits. In the quarter, Logix grew 7% organically and Process grew 5%. Revenue from Information Solutions and Connected Services, which is a measure of adoption of new value from the Connected Enterprise, once again profitably grew double digits. Commenting on regional performance in the quarter, North America, which for us is the combination of the U.S. and Canada, grew 6% organically. We saw good growth across a wide range of industries with the exception of Automotive, which was weak. EMEA was down slightly in the quarter. Growth in consumer verticals was offset by declines in heavy industries. Asia grew 4% with most countries in the region contributing to growth. China sales were up mid-single-digits. Latin America sales were up 20%. We saw good growth in Brazil. And Chile was strong due to increased mining activity. As you may recall last year, we won a big order with Codelco and we are starting to see this in our results. I’ll make a few additional comments about our Q1 results. Adjusted EPS was at 13% and segment operating margin was up 40 basis points year-over-year. Book-to-bill performance for our solutions and services businesses was the strong 1.12 in Q1. We grew backlog in the quarter. Patrick will elaborate on our first quarter financial performance in his remarks. Let’s move on now to the macro environment and our current outlook for full year fiscal 2019. We see continuing uncertainty due to trade tensions and geopolitical risks. However, forecast continue to call for industrial production growth. We had a good first quarter and project quoting activity was strong. With one quarter behind us our full year outlook for organic sales growth and adjusted EPS guidance remains unchanged. We continue to expect our fiscal 2019 organic sales to be up 5.2% year-over-year at midpoint of guidance. Currency is now expected to reduce growth by 1.5 percentage points. Including the revised impact of currency, our fiscal 2019 guidance is sales of about $6.9 billion. Our guidance for adjusted EPS remains a range of $8.85 to $9.25. Now I’ll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail about our Q1 results and our 2019 sales and earnings guidance.
Blake Moret: Yes, I’ll make a couple of comments on that, then Patrick may have some to add. We think that the moderation, let’s say in China is contributing to some extent to the weaker results that we see in EMEA. That being said, when we talk about machine tool, there’s a high component of that, that’s going to be CMC oriented versus ELC or logics oriented. And so we may be relatively less exposed in the metalworking areas.
Blake Moret: Sure. So what we said last quarter, Steve, that we expect the Auto to be flat of fiscal 2019. Given the first quarter and our current outlook, we think that auto will be down mid-single-digits for the year. We think, at this point that that will be offset by some of the better growth we’ve seen in some of the heavy industries that I just mentioned in – about the first quarter but also Life Sciences. Within Consumer, Life Sciences and Food and Beverage are doing quite well. So versus our, I’d call November guidance, Automotive now expected to be down mid-single-digits for the full year. The heavy industry, a little bit better, and then also strong Consumer, particularly, Life Sciences, and after that, Food and Beverage.
Blake Moret: So in the quarter oil and gas was up slightly above the company average. We continue to make progress in process industries, and of course, that’s concentrated in the [indiscernible] that we call heavy industries. Just as a reminder, that metric of process really measures the adoption of our process control technology, and it’s not that metric the other thing that we sell the industries, like oil and gas, and pulp and paper, and metals, which would have a lot of intelligent motor control as well. So we continue to see good growth in those industries, and we expect that to continue with heavy industries contributing to our growth for the balance of the year.
Blake Moret: Which also informed our outlook in the region. And just within transportation, Auto was down and was somewhat canceled down by actual growth in the Tire vertical.
Blake Moret: Our expectation is that we see some year-over-year growth in that region in the back half of the year.
Blake Moret: Yes, we think that although, we see some weakness in MRO, in Auto we’ve seen some project delays generally. But at the same time, we see easy and powertrain, as Blake was mentioning, continues to be strong. We still expect double-digit, we see and expect double-digit growth there. It’s just not big enough yet to offset weakness elsewhere in that vertical.
Blake Moret: No. We do expect to participate, actually even more broadly in some of those cadences. So with some of the new value, particularly, in Information Solutions and Connected Services, we actually expect on some of those launches to expand what our traditional content may have been. Yes.
Blake Moret: Yes, regarding PTC, it was a good quarter. We had some interesting wins in the quarter. We’ve talked before about the quarter at the Investor Day, where we provided value actually in our power transmission facility. And then, at a Asia-Pacific region, a mining company. But since then a couple of additional ones in food and beverage, Labatt Food [indiscernible] company that specializes in processing and providing fresh fruits and vegetables. An Indian tire manufacturer where we had an order over $1 million that included PTC, as well as our MES offering, Dusen Bobcat in the EMEA region, they make loaders and excavators, you’d probably recognize the name. And they were looking at additional analytics and visibility of their operations. And then, in China, another metals and mining account. And those are just a few of these examples. I particularly like the diversity of where we’re winning across geographies and industries. First, it says that the value that we’re offering together is real. And second, it shows that our sales force is energized. They’re out there talking about this and it’s a way to make us more important to customers. There’s also discussions going on in a parallel path to converge our technology road maps and so creating that tighter alliance as time goes on.
Blake Moret: Yes, so PTC falls in the FactoryTalk Innovation Suite, which is also a part of the bucket that we look at as Information Solutions and Connected Services. So we continue to talk about double-digit growth on top of the $300 million base that we talked about last year and with the contribution of PTC, we expect that to double over the next four years.
Blake Moret: I’m not going provide any additional color than I already did with respect to timing of spend and year-over-year growth rates first half and second half. So I’m not going to provide more detail in the second quarter.
Blake Moret: Yes, I think on balance, the margin is between that bucket is at or slightly above the company average over a period of time.
Blake Moret: I think it will be, but it’s going to take a while because when we sell some of that software or we add some of our software on top of that it’s on a subscription basis Rick and so therefore it will start out to be small and so obviously we’d like to grow it a fast as possible, but it being description and not license sales it’s going to be slow and it’s going to take some time before you’ll see it have a mixed effect.
Blake Moret: Yes, few comments in terms of the growth drivers in Latin America. Latin America for a long period of time has been a strong region for us. So there’s lots of diversity in the region in industries that we serve well. One of the key starting points in Latin America is the backlog in mining. And so we talked last year about the big Codelco mining project as one example. We’re starting to see some of that order come out in quarterly results and so that’s a strong contributor for us. We also see continued growth in oil and gas particularly in Mexico. And then finally, we’ve seen several quarters of good growth in Brazil as well and so I think those would be three of the key contributors to the continued performance in Latin America.
Blake Moret: I think everything is being worked on the business need everything is buttoned up. But as I mentioned, we are on track and our teams have done tremendous work on making that happen, which is why we continue to expect that this fiscal year the net impact will be zero.
Blake Moret: I think there’s been, in general across our broad portfolio of names out there, there will be some contraction based on the macro.
Blake Moret: Yes I would say it’s both, you’re right last year we realized about half point in price. We did mention I believe that we were targeting for a somewhat higher price increase in fiscal 2019, given generally increasing input cost leave alone the impact of tariffs. And so we targeted a larger price increase given higher headwind from input costs. And on top of that, that is of course the tariffs and some of the price increases that we haven’t met as a result of that. And so in total we will realize more price this year that’s our expectation than last year, as I said about 0.5. This includes not only the price from the tariffs but also come with our base price increase, the base price realization will be a little bit higher than what it was last year. So it’s both, we realize a little bit more price from annual price increase and on top of that there is the selective price increases related to the tariffs.
Blake Moret: Yes, I believe that if we think about this matured markets in EMEA generally no – emerging companies in EMEA generally performed better than the matured companies in that region.
Blake Moret: Yes. So we continue to see growth in oil and gas, mid-single digits growth for the year. You’re right, a little more than half of our business is upstream with the remainder split between midstream and downstream. We continue to see strength in the Permian and one of the important comments because we’re not as dependent on the big mega projects, regardless of the price of oil. People are going to be looking for productivity in their operations, that’s really our sweet spot either with the solutions or with individual products as people find ways to make even more efficient into their production operations. And so we continue to see that as a source of growth for us including the U.S.
Patrick Goris: Yes, so for the first quarter all regions except EMEA came in better than expectations, particularly the Latin America, which was up 20%. From a industry perspective, some of the heavy industries were better than we expected. In those we include metals, pulp and paper, oil and gas was a little bit better as well. And then consumer was better, particularly life science, which has very strong growth. So I’d say across multiple regions, and particularly Heavy and Life Sciences.
Patrick Goris: January is consistent what we have in our guidance for the full year. I think one of the ways you can think about this John is we have one quarter behind us.
Patrick Goris: No, if we went one quarter behind us, which was a little bit better than we expected then we see no reason at this time to change our guidance for the full year.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So you remember well, John. What we said was that we expected our investment spend to be up about $70 million, seven zero for the full year. Most of that we expect in the first half of this year, we still expect that. The timing is just a little bit different. Q1 was light by about $10 million. Q1 spend was up about 5% year-over-year, that’s about 25%. We expect the first half of the year to – of the $70 million we think about two thirds of that will happen in the first half of the year.
Patrick Goris: So China is a mid-single digit up. And some of the industries that contributed to the growth are mass transit. So the metro system continues to be an area where we differentiate and have had good wins and this year continues that Life Sciences, as we mentioned before, globally was good. And China is adopting a lot of the new value that we provide in Life Sciences to compliment the basic control. And then there were other industries, so chemical, metals, still growth in semiconductor and even automotive in China for the quarter.
Patrick Goris: Yes I would say globally for auto CapEx is flat and there are challengers for the uses of CapEx beyond just plant expansions and capacity as they’re devoting some of that CapEx spend to new technologies like electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles. And in China, we continue to see gains in the electric vehicle market. One of the recent wins was with house and providing a power train for a local, indigenous Chinese brand owner. And remember we essentially re-entered that power train market just a few years ago. And China is one of the places where we’re winning, not only for the joint ventures that involve American companies, but for indigenous Chinese manufacturers as well. The SAAR count if it’s weak will eventually have some impact on our business, but of course the model changes are the direct influence on our growth in automotive.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Steve, I’m going to add that our OEM business globally was up a little bit less than the company average, so low-single-digits in the quarter, and EMEA was one of the weakest regions there.
Patrick Goris: And Julian for the full year, we expect a process as we defined it to be up or slightly above the company average.
Patrick Goris: We think obviously, it’s a little bit broader in EMEA than just China, Julian. Obviously growth in EMEA generally from a macro point of view has slowed. We’ve seen that over the last three, four quarters. From a vertical perspective, what we see in that region is that Consumer is still doing pretty well. It’s up mid-single-digits. Heavy industry was down, as was Auto, and Consumer growth not strong enough to offset the weakness in Heavy and in Auto. Actually, our order intake in the first quarter in EMEA was actually pretty decent. And we expect EMEA for the full year to be up, but low-single-digits.
Patrick Goris: The loss variables here, if you can think about some of the trade uncertainties being cleared up, and then a little bit better performance in Automotive.
Patrick Goris: No, the only thing I would add to that. Some of that year-over-year increases investments that we’ve released fiscal 2018, and we see the – call it the annualization impact of that. It’s not all incremental in fiscal 2019.
Patrick Goris: Okay. I think Blake wants me to take ASC 606, and he’ll take PTC. Actually, the impact from ASC 606 was as expected in the first quarter. The EPS impact was several cents negative. So as expected there and no material impact on sales. The reasons for the beat on sales was not related to ASC 606.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Emulate3D won’t have a material impact on the results in fiscal 2019, but strategically and for customers, it’s really an exciting addition because this is software that works along with our core configuration tools to help customers simulate and emulate the operation of their system. So the simulation allows them to model the physical movement of their production system before they actually have to try it out with hard tooling on the line. And then the emulation capability allows them to look at the performance of the configuration tools, again to make sure that it’s working smoothly and with the correct timing that’s required. We’ve worked with them in the past. We have mentioned that they were part of our former partner program and now we’re going to be able to achieve even tighter integration with them. So again as with PTC we had customers asking for us to get closer before we made this additional step. So we’re excited about it. We think our customers are as well.
Patrick Goris: Not really, Anna. I think the only thing I would say that we would expect the year-over-year growth to be somewhat balanced – year-over-year to be somewhat balance first half versus second half of the year.
Patrick Goris: Yes Rick. So our price realization in the first quarter was about a point and so we were on track to get close to 0.5 with the full year, which is what is in our guidance and our expectations. You’re correct, so the 90 million was the gross annual impact. Half of that we expect to offset with supply chain changes and negotiations with vendors, the other half offset with pricing. We had the annual price increase in August of each year as we always do. We had an off cycle price increase in October and then we had an off cycle price increase in December and those last two price increases all related to tariffs. We realized that the price increase that we were targeting associated with those last two price increases and so that’s why I said, we were at about a point in the first quarter, we expect a little bit more than that for the full year, just given the timing of those last two price increases.
Patrick Goris: The way you cannot think about it there Rick is that our spent was light as I mentioned earlier and it was particularly light in that segment. From a mix point of view within that segment Logix did actually quite well. So there was not a big mix driver within that segment.
Patrick Goris: Yes, we see China growing mid–single-digits for the full year as well. And we talked before about Life Sciences which is really a macro trend across the world, but the Chinese companies are particularly vigorously adopting some of the new value, some of the software again that sits on top of it basic control systems. We see growth entire in China in the full year. We see growth in oil and gas in China and then a little bit of growth in food and beverage as well.
Patrick Goris: Yes, I would look at the majority of that as quarterly variability. We’re not seeing a meaningful slow down in any one area of that versus another. And again, this is one component of what we’re offering to those process applications, the other main piece being the motor control as well. So I wouldn’t look at that as a trend at this point.
Patrick Goris: Yes, so as I believe I mentioned earlier on the call the earnings impact of ASC 606 – as we expected also few cents of negative impact. And then with respect to tariffs, in November we mentioned that we expected headwind in the first quarter associated with tariffs and that is exactly what we saw in the first quarter. So the net of price and cost was a small headwind in that Q1 and we expect the net impact of tariffs to be zero for the full year, so current tariff and ASC 606 came in as expected basically in the first quarter.
Patrick Goris: Yes, I think our comment about semi was specific to China, where semi was up from a global basis. Semi was about flat for the first quarter. We’ve seen several years of good growth in semi. We expected this year in our guidance with a slower growth and in semi about mid-single-digits and first quarter was about flat, but with some growth in China as Blake mentioned.
Patrick Goris: As we come out with new products, software and capabilities, obviously we try to price it appropriately, knowing that there’s still some competition out there.
Patrick Goris: There is a raise there, the way I would say that some of the mature companies would be below the EMEA average and so the emerging companies would be a little bit better. Obviously mature companies still account for the majority of our business in that region.
