Theodore Crandall: Okay, thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Release Conference Call. Our results were released this morning, and a press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. Additionally, webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. With me today, as always, are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company's performance in the third quarter and our updated outlook for the fiscal year. Then, Ted will provide more details around the third quarter results and our revised guidance for fiscal 2011. And then of course we'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. We expect the call today to take about an hour. And as always is the case on these calls, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of the company and are therefore, forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and a detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over -- Okay, thank you. I'm turning the call over to Keith then.
Theodore Crandall: I don't think I would say anything unique. I would say the Solutions business margins tend to be a little bit more variable because every quarter, you've got a somewhat different mix of projects across different types of solutions applications. So the variability comes just because of that mix.
Theodore Crandall: And John, I would add. Look, we stepped up in Q3, you know that we have never previously expressed our intentions around the current quarter and I don't think that, that's an appropriate thing to do now.
Theodore Crandall: I wouldn't say there was any -- we haven't see any change in the dynamics of customers delivery acceptance on projects Q2 to Q3. I would remind you and I think that Julian mentioned this, I think it was Julian, we did have this very large project shipment in Q2 in the Solutions business, and so we were expecting some declines in Solutions going from Q2 to Q3. Sales were about flat down a little bit organically but I wouldn't say there's nothing -- there's no fundamental change in what we're seeing in terms of underlying customer demand in that segment.
Theodore Crandall: But I think, Keith, another way of expressing this is we're expecting sequential growth in China in Q4 but a continued moderation of the year-over-year growth rates.
Theodore Crandall: You know, Mark, my intention was not to call on anything specific to CP&S. I mean we have headwind year-over-year in the margins that's related to increase spending and part of that is related to the ramp we did in spending and talked about in the latter half of last year. So that affects both segments given the lower operating leverage and control pricing solutions, it has somewhat of a larger effect on conversion margin in that segment but that increase in spending affects both segments and actually, in Q3, the impact of that spending is actually a little bit less than what it was earlier in the year because we're starting lap, some of those larger increases we made in the second half of last year.
Theodore Crandall: No, that is not the case. And I would also remind you we haven't fully lapped that ramp in spending last year because some if it also occurred in Q4.
Theodore Crandall: I'm not going to try not to provide guidance for 2012 on the tax rate at this point. I would say the lower tax rate as it relates to our previous guidance is due to discrete items that occurred primarily in Q3.
Keith Nosbusch: With respect to China, we are coming up -- where we are coming up to some very strong previous performance. So we still expect our year-over-year performance in China to be a little over 20%, which is what we planned for at the start of the year and we still believe that will be where it ends up. With respect to the U.S., we continue to do our normal quarterly analysis of our customers, our channel partners, our sales organization and we believe our outlook for the remainder of this fiscal year will be able to enable us to deliver the guidance that we provided. So we feel pretty good about our outlook at this point in the process. The only caveat and reminder I'll put it on that is this quarter, we have -- August is a very weak month and certainly, a preponderance of our revenue for the quarter close in September and that means it's 6 weeks away and we'll hopefully see how that plays out. With respect to once again the China and U.S., both China and the U.S. had sequential growth in the quarter. So the moderation is on a year-over-year performance as we go forward based upon where we are in a recovery, for sure, in the U.S. and just based upon a very significant growth in China in our fourth quarter of last year.
Keith Nosbusch: I would rather talk about operating margin and gross margin and maybe easiest answer to your question, I think, would be right now, we would expect to see maybe slightly higher incremental margin in Q4 than we saw in Q3.
Keith Nosbusch: It's not really an industry specific application with respect to the legacy, it's more upon 2 dynamics. One is the age of the installed equipment and the second is, is it still supported by the DCS supplier and in most cases, these are 10- to 20-year old systems that no longer are supportable from the original supplier for whatever reasons, and we're seeing the opportunity to give our plant-wide optimization value proposition to these customers and they understand the benefit of that. And when they're making their next transition in a technology, they're looking for long-term sustainable support and value, and we think the plant-wide optimization story plays particularly well to them.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, the overall front log remains positive for us, and it grew 8% from the prior quarter. And if we go around the world so to speak, we see in North America, we had continued growth in both the Product and Solutions front log. In EMEA, the stronger growth was in the Solutions area, in particular some oil and gas opportunities there. In Asia-Pacific, front log was increasing both Products and Solutions. And in Latin America, likewise it was increasing for both Products and Solutions. So that is a volatile measure, but we do think that it's an indicator, I guess, at a minimum of the sentiment for forward-looking projects. And as always, the timing is what's the tough part to call. So we like the activity and our goal is to translate as much of that front log into orders and then into shipments as we progress through fiscal '12.
Keith Nosbusch: No, we believe that we will now not see any significant risk due to the supply chain in Japan. We did put in a little more inventory as we talked about last quarter. We believe that has helped but also we have worked very hard with our suppliers and quite frankly, the response of the Japanese companies has been tremendous in their efforts to recover quite frankly. So right now, other than the fact that we had put in more inventory, we believe over the next quarter to two, we will not see any meaningful impact from the Japan crisis. Hopefully, we're really down to a handful of components that were really on top of now, and it seems to be getting better each month. So we are encouraged at this point, Jeff.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I guess let me talk about the cost side first. I would say the inflationary pressures on material and transportation costs in Q3 were up the same as we experienced in Q2 with some puts and takes across different commodity categories. Compared to our expectations coming into the year, our price cost dynamic is still unfavorable, and we're still unfavorable in Q3. We have implemented some price increases in our Solutions businesses. We implemented, basically right now we're implementing a price increase in the Products businesses. So we would expect maybe to see that begin to improve as we move to Q4 and then more improvement as we enter in the Q12 -- I'm sorry, in the fiscal '12.
Keith Nosbusch: I would say more of the latter than the former. I mean a lot of our business is at negotiated price levels. Those agreements roll typically on an annual basis and spread throughout the year. So when we implement a list price change, it doesn't hit all of the businesses equally at the same time.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, certainly, we're pleased with the progression because basically what our strategy and plan has been is to continue to build capabilities in the platform and continue to build, I'll call it, capabilities of our organization to deliver -- to one, sell, deliver and support our process application. So it's an ongoing evolution for us, and we're pleased with the talent that we've been able to bring in to the company. We've been very pleased with the developments of our sales organization and competence in this area and our channel partners, whether it be system integrators or our distributors, both of those are very critical to continuing to build what we would call the ecosystem to be able to support the process industries. And that part has gone well, but it's never ended either. So we keep building that, the technology, every release of a new logic platform generally has something in it that is a better -- that helps the process application and some more than others but certainly when we released PlantPAx 2.0, that was a very significant improvement in our capability. The other area in process that we are working very hard on it is with the process skid OEMs, and that's another way that Rockwell Automation can differentiate the fact that we know how to interface with OEM. Just a big part of our machine -- our discrete business has been historically and as all of you know, we've been focusing on OEMs the last couple of years and process skids is just one of the 6 segments that we go after. But it is very important from the overall plant-wide optimization strategy that we are implementing. So the ability to address more application, more industry continues to help us, continues to help us grow at the rates we're growing. And as I mentioned earlier, that process grew above the company average for the first time this year.
Keith Nosbusch: That is a fair statement with the only caveat of what's going to go on in the economy and what is this cycle. And certainly, the process should be a more mid- to late-cycle player. That's why we're doing it to just your point, we're trying to balance our portfolio to have a balance between early, mid- and a better balance between early, mid- and late cycle and Process was an area that we expected to push a little more into that late cycle -- mid- to late cycle business. So we really want to focus on that. It's also a big part of emerging markets. As you know, John, it's part of the building an infrastructure, building a resource-based industry, which is many of the exports for ability to grow up an economy early in emerging markets. And obviously, later, it goes to consumer, which is the other dimension of our strategy for emerging markets. But for those reasons, we do see this as an important balance to our strong MRO and early cycle discrete businesses and that's combined with our intelligent motor control. We think and our process safety capabilities with the acquisition of ICST, certainly we think should help us later in the economic cycles than we were historically.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we do believe that opportunistic buying is part of the way that we do our cash deployment strategy. I think we've demonstrated that in our third quarter. And certainly, we will continue to look at that as we go into the fourth quarter and obviously, we're trying to balance the cash deployment. You heard Ted earlier talk about that we probably will make a discretionary contribution to our pension. That's an offset to buying back stock. Obviously acquisitions, we've completed 2 this quarter. That's another alternative. And then as all of you well know, it's a question of where the cash is as well. And certainly we have a significant portion of ours that is outside the U.S. There's a lot of moving parts of there, John, that we're trying to balance between them all but I would say absolutely, we are an opportunistic purchaser of our stock and we think it's a great time at the moment.
Keith Nosbusch: Well I think the one that's always is the balancing comment with respect to our Logix is what happens in the legacy processor businesses and when we link those together, I think that's a purer number for you. So let me do that. The legacy sales were down 12% and process, which is back to more traditional decline in the legacy business. We talk about 10% being the ongoing decline of that business, and total processes sales were up 19% for the quarter. So slightly above, not slightly, about 5 points above the organic growth. So I think our Products business -- if you look at it, our Products businesses in general were above organic growth and our Solutions was below organic growth and I think that's the way to look at it. There was no significant product deviation, and I think it was more of the mix between Products and Solutions that got us to the 14% as opposed to this Product was way negative and this one was way positive.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. China continues to grow for us. We had a growth there that I mentioned earlier of mid teens. We still expect China for the year to grow above 20%. We are coming across some various drawn growth quarters. So we'll see continued declines from our first couple of quarters where we were 40% and 30-plus percent. So I think we're getting into more of that average 20% growth over a year that we've been outlining as what our goal is for China. And the only other comment I'd make there is the lumpiness of our Solutions business there and maybe mass a little bit of a stronger performance in our product portfolio, which was higher than the overall average.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I don't think we're seeing things starting to slow. Obviously, the highest growth has been in Transportation and we certainly don't expect that to continue to grow, but we expect that to continue to exist at the higher levels going forward. With respect to what's picking up at this point in time, we believe that the greatest opportunity as far as in the front log, really is around of the oil and gas and mining. Those tend to be the areas now that we're seeing additional pickup and previously, it was really what was going on in transportation, as well as some of the OEM business associated with packaging in particular. So I think some of the -- as we talked about the earlier set of question with respect from John Inch, with respect to Process and some of the later cycle businesses, I think we are seeing more quotation activity in some of those areas and hopefully commodity prices stay at the level they are at. Those quotes we'll be able to translate into future orders and shipments.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think that is always the case with respect to process industries because the business model in the process industry is the automation supplier provides the solution. So I don't think it's any different than what we have in process in general. So I don't see that as a significant change. But you are right in process, we will be more of a solution provider and that means that the project margin will be lower than when we just sell products and some other integrator provides the solution.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, Let me -- I think there are really 2 different questions there. So let me answer the first one, which is -- provide a little more color on the solutions mix issue. In our Solutions businesses, we have some longer cycle solution businesses and some shorter cycle solutions businesses. On the longer cycle, it is kind of our turnkey systems integration work and at the shorter cycle, it's things like motor control centers. But when I talk about and medium-voltage drive systems. So when I talk about the mix across the Solutions businesses, I'm talking about kind of those 3 categories and the margins tend to be somewhat different in each category. So what happens in a particular quarter in margins has a lot to do with what the mix across those Solutions businesses looks like. It's not so much an industry application issue, it's not so much a regional issue, it's just a -- we've got some different types of Solutions businesses. Your question about Q4 expectations, I would say at the company level, our expectation in Q4 is for somewhat less favorable mix because we are expecting our typical increase in Solutions volume in Q4. So we think we're going to have higher Solutions growth and Product growth sequentially but somewhat less favorable mix. I do expect that within the Solutions businesses, we'll be back to a little bit better mix than we saw in Q3.
Keith Nosbusch: I don't want to comment on A&S at this point. But I think it will be better and I think we'll be better in total.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, what I would say as we talked last quarter, we have kind of have extraordinary quarter for Motion Control growth year-over-year. This quarter, the Motion Control growth was much more in line with the Architecture & Software segment average, so we didn't have that same unfavorable mix impact. That was the question about Logix growth being above average this quarter.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, auto as I mentioned earlier, Transportation was one of the better performing verticals for us throughout the year and has been a big part of the recovery increases for us. But obviously, that's based upon where they were 2 years ago. So but we think -- the one thing we are seeing is that the CapEx outlook is very positive in the automotive industry and if you go across in particular the U.S. companies, Ford, their CapEx is up over 30% year-over-year and they expect it to continue to be strong. GM is up even higher than that. So we are seeing a continued investment in new platforms, new projects and as you commented, that is a little different than just production rates. Production rates really drive more of our MRO installed base but the projects which we see continued strong, they were -- the front log of those projects in auto were up slightly in the year, in the quarter, but they remain at a very high level. So I think we're seeing about the capacity at this point that, that industry can spend at, and we expect those projects to flow through the system as we go through FY '12.
Keith Nosbusch: Jason, I would say we saw a pretty steady demand across the quarter. So we didn't see a lot of change from April through the end of June. And I would say, I think it would be fair to say, and we're seeing a continuation of that now through July.
Keith Nosbusch: No, we have not seen any change other than as you said, the normal. Some push outs, some move in but really, not a change in what has been occurring previously as part of the work that we do every quarter when we go through the analysis of what's going on in the market and certainly what was behind the fact that we decided to raise our revenue and earnings guidance for the remainder of the year.
