Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks, Frieda. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s second quarter fiscal 2014 earnings release conference call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO, and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes the opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights on the company’s performance in the second quarter and the first half, plus the outlook for the full year. And then Ted will provide more details on all of that. And then, of course, we’ll take questions at the end of Ted’s remarks Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand it over to Keith.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Ted, thanks. Before we start the Q&A, I just want to say we do have quite a few callers in the question queue today, and we do want to get to as many of you as possible. So if you could limit yourself to a question and a follow-up and then get back in the queue, if you’ve got another topic that you want to talk about, so we’d appreciate your cooperation. And, Frieda, let’s take our first caller
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: So we do it on segment operating margins, so I don't know if that's the difference between the way you do it, but...
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. With that, we’re going to wrap up today’s call. So we just want to thank all of you for joining us. And, of course, I’d be available to answer any more questions after the call. Thanks.
Keith Nosbusch: Thanks, Rondi and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call today. I’m sure you are all happy to be in the homestretch of earnings season. I’ll start with some highlights. So please turn to page four in this slide deck. We had another strong sales quarter with 7% organic growth and growth in all regions for the first time in over a year. Let me provide some more color on organic growth by region. The US grew 8% in the quarter, oil and gas continues to be the strongest performing vertical. In addition, we are now starting to see increased activity in chemicals. Auto remains relatively flat at high levels and the consumer goods industries are showing healthy growth. OEM sales were also strong in the quarter. Canada sales were up slightly, but [technical difficulty]
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think the way you characterize it is exactly right, the percentages and the differences to the 5% number. We don't believe its conservative. The comps get much more difficult in the second half and certainly while the year-over-year will be lower, we still are going to see a significant sequential growth in both the third and fourth quarters. So we think its solid operating performance and nothing really happening in the markets themselves at this point in time.
Keith Nosbusch: So I think in terms of sequential comparisons, improve margin in the back half of year is going to come primarily from volume leverage.
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly compared to Q2 but if you look at the first half, our conversion margin was 38%. I mean that's pretty close to what we would expect in second half.
Keith Nosbusch: Yeah. So, on the $8 million year-over-year increase in the variable comp expense, which I want to remind you is really consequence of lower expense last year. About 60% of that is CP&S and the remainder A&S. So, because CP&S is our heavier more people intensive business, it bears a larger share of that. CP&S also had an unusually large earnings impact on the currency translation impact in the quarter and that's a consequence primarily of our exposure in CP&S, both more to emerging markets, so countries like Brazil, Argentina, South Africa where we’re seeing some larger currency swings and also higher CPS exposure in Canada where we’re seeing continued weakening of the Canadian dollar.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. Well, we're seeing that as the down stream effects of the production expansions that have been going on, particularly in North America at this point. And we’re seeing that as it flows into the chemical plants. You’ve heard about the expansion of petrochemical. But now we’re also seeing some of that – and this activity is really at the front-end coating and engineering studies that take place. But it’s also in the specialty and fine chemical areas as well. And we think those are very good opportunities for Rockwell given that it’s much more batch-oriented and, certainly, something that the integrated architecture and our safety capabilities have a great footprint to be able to be successful in.
Keith Nosbusch: The areas are really in two primary categories. The first one would be development engineering and that would be around a number of the things that we discussed at the investor meeting particularly the integrated control and information opportunities that we've identified as our ability to expand our certain market. The second would be in customer facing resources sales resources. We are adding those in different regions and countries of the world where we see the best growth opportunities. And as far as the payback on these investments, as you know these investments take time to be able to generate the new products so this is not something that we will see in the remainder of this calendar year. The sales resources will start helping, although it starts helping next fiscal year, although depending on where they are, sometimes the ramp-up and whether they are newer experienced employees, can be from 12 to 24 months before they become fully productive. And our product – our project schedules tend to be 12 to 30 months, depending on the scope and what exactly that project is and then we would have a ramp-up of sales after that period of time. So it's really investments for the future and that's why I did mention the fact that we believe we do have these growth opportunities and we've been talking about adding the investment for a number of quarters here. And certainly in the second quarter we were able to bring a lot of people on board and certainly we look forward to the benefits of that down the road.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, the development resources would be in our development centers and the majority of those would be in the US but we also would be adding development people in the Czech Republic and Poland, and then Singapore and China would be the two major ones in Asia. When you look at the salespeople, we have been adding salespeople in some of the emerging Europe markets. We've been adding in Latin America and to some degree in the US given some of the strength that we've seen in this country and we believe the longer-term potential.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, I think, the book-to-bill is not really a good current quarter substitute for the CP&S Solutions business. It tends to be six months to a longer period before those projects really will enter into a shippable state. And so we do have this lag between the orders and the project completion. The second part of it is project business is lumpy. And depending upon where you are in the cycle of the project where the customer is and if they are doing some acceptance testing or if there has to be a delay because their project is delayed, the project business just is one that is very difficult to predict with certainty as to which ones will make it in a quarter and which ones will either fall out into the next quarter or a longer period of time. So it’s just a challenge from a forecasting standpoint, but book-to-bill is not the only indicator particularly you have to look at the aging of that book-to-bill as to when it is shippable in the future.
Keith Nosbusch: I think – well, without providing quarterly guidance I think I would say the 5% sequential increase last year was unusually large.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, it would be pretty widespread. But, certainly, we’ve seen strong organic growth in A&S. That’s been the better performing segment with respect to the Product sales that we’ve seen year-to-date. And then, certainly, I would say, the US has continued to perform probably a little bit stronger, and we don’t see any reason for that to change. And it’s really those two that told us we could offset the currency. And acquisition was a little stronger organic growth for the year. And that's basically how we came at what we call the tweak of the make up of the sales number which stayed the same.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we do expect the second half process to be higher than the first half and the first half as you've said was 5%. So we are expecting it to go up and we see the best opportunity there continue to be in oil and gas. We will get a little bit of help with vMonitor acquisition that we talked about which is really focused at least at this point of its growth into the oil and gas industry. So it’s a nice play into that space. But we are also at least in North America we are beginning to see some investment in the legacy pulp and paper applications. And so it’s a very aged old installed base and we see that starting to have a little bit more of a pickup and we have a pretty good footprint there in our motor control and now with the process capabilities we can do the wet end of the paper plans as well. So – but really the strongest play is oil and gas and we got a couple of other opportunities that we believe will get us to that higher growth in the second half.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. Well, the first one, you've kind of touched upon and that is, we had a very weak first half last year and then obviously a much stronger second half, but which is why we're talking about the tough comparables, and China will be one of those tough comparables. But really, we're seeing continued growth for us into the consumer related industries. So auto continues, Food & Beverage, the – as they continue to build out and grow the middle class, they’re taking – and the concerns they have over quality and safety of their food supplies. These are all areas that are very important to us. Oil and gas continues to be a good growth for us in China, and the OEM performance was probably the leader there. The OEM was very strong this quarter. And that’s just some of the work that our team did there last year, as we – as quite candidly as we struggled in the first half. We’ve really focused on a couple of areas where we thought the best opportunities were. And, particularly, as their infrastructure spending comes down and there is no spending in the metals, minimal spending in the cement industry now compared to historical, we had shepherd our resources into the areas where we could see the growth. And we added capabilities and put resources into OEMs and into the consumer products industries. And I think we’re seeing the benefits of some of that activity now.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. The spending in Europe continues to be very weak, and we don’t see that changing dramatically, as time goes on here. The US spending continues to be relatively high. But we haven’t seen it growing, but it’s at a higher level. And we believe that the projects will continue, as time goes on. So that's been a very positive part of our US business, but we don't see the US spending increasing. Latin America, the strength has been Mexico and Brazil and there has been -- as you know a significant investment from the foreign car manufacturers into Mexico and we continue to see investment going on there. If we go to Asia, we don't do much in Japan, but certainly China is where all the action is in automotives. And there we see mainly the spending in the passenger car side and heavy with the joint ventures. And that's where we've been able to make most of the inroads. We do participate in the domestic market, the domestic car manufacturers, but they are not investing at the same levels and rates as the joint ventures are. So it’s a little more weighted to the JV. So really we see the automotive industry as one that continues to provide opportunities for Rockwell. In particular, it’s a very automation intensive industry and automation intensive for a lot of the A&S product portfolio. And then I only will finally comment that we also as we have mentioned activities that we work with FANUC on with powertrain. We see the powertrain as a longer-term growth opportunity in a space that we did not participate fully in all the applications and that will help us in the future.
Keith Nosbusch: Sure. The – with respect to the quarter itself, it was a pretty typical quarter. March is always the strongest month for us and this March was. And I would say that nothing inconsistent in how the quarter flowed. If we talk about the project activity, we're not seeing any, I'll say, meaningful change in project delays or anything like that. So it seems like that continues to be at the pace that we have seen earlier. And then, secondly, your comment about the size of the projects, that would depend on where we are. I would say that the majority of the projects in North America are the smaller projects. We have not seen large ones at this point in time. So that means most of it is modernization as opposed to, I’ll say, Greenfield capacity at this point. And my comments about pulp and paper fit right into that type of a scenario. If we go outside, in particular, emerging markets is where we see more of the Greenfield. And certainly there is the major project tend to be less resource-driven in China at the moment or, I should say, less metals in heavy industry – less metals, less cement and, certainly, tend to be more in the consumer space at this point in time. From a weather standpoint, we had a couple of days where our service engineers couldn’t get to customers. But given all the other moving parts we had this quarter that was certainly not one to point out. It cost us a little bit but, certainly, not to the extent that the other two or three that Ted mentioned earlier in his comments.
Keith Nosbusch: In the US, I don't think we've seen a lot of Greenfield spending other than when the automotives came back from their downturns and I would say the automotives came back meaning that, when they do new lines and new models you can think of it as Greenfield because we basically re-do it. I think where we are starting to see some of the indications and why I mentioned chemicals is, I think we are starting to see the generation of new chemical plans and that's a broad spectrum, but I think it’s really the downstream from the energy play that's been going on whether it be oil or gas. We are now seeing -- we will see more Greenfield or I should say just large projects as they move that down the process and stream.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, for the full-year A&S would be at the higher end to your point, probably around 7% and CP&S would be lower, probably around 4 to get you to that average that you talked about. We don't believe that that indicates anything from the cycle. I think what we are seeing is that the industries where we see the best growth is the US and certainly the US is a heavier A&S content then CP&S because of two reasons. One, the types of the industries that we support and then secondly, there is a very mature system integrated market here and many of our product go through the system integrators as opposed to through our solutions business in the US, particularly in the consumer products industry. And so we get solidly heavier product content in that. When we go outside the US, it’s more our people have to supply the project work and so it’s different in that regard, so.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we certainly believe the OEMs would be a growth driver. And as I mentioned, our Motion business had a strong quarter and we had good OEM growth in China, in the US and parts of Europe. So – and part of that is because of compact Logix to your point. It allows us to have a better price point and sell the Architecture across to customer's complete portfolio of machines. But you have to think a little broader of the OEM space, if you will. Certainly, the most recognizable one is packaging and quite frankly, when you go to pack expo, that's what it is all about. It's around packaging machines and those are big displays whether it’d be in Chicago or Las Vegas or Europe. But the other segments are very important. Tire is a very important segment. We do very well in that globally. We have process skewed OEMs that equipment comes into a processing plant. And many times, our controllers are what are on that equipment, including drives and instrumentation with our partner. So there are multiple segments. We have the heavy industries’ activities, the energy, some of the compressor and turbine OEM. So it’s much broader than just packaging. Material handling is a very important segment. And then to your point, robotics, and a lot of times we work on that with a lot of the end of the line packaging equipment as well as robotics into automotive. So we have like six segments in the OEM space that we focus on, and I would say we haven’t seen any dramatic shift in those segments. Packaging has been very strong for the last couple of years. Tire has been very strong. And we’ve been improving our ability to compete particularly in the process skid with our Process initiative. And then also some of our drive technology has opened up more opportunities in converting print and web, in particular, converting into home and personal care side is a very important segment for us as well.
Ted D. Crandall: So year-over-year spending increase was about $25 million. Sequentially, it was about $20 million. About half of the sequential increase was our normal merit increase that occurs January 1, and it’s split roughly 50/50 between the segments.
Ted D. Crandall: No, I think the sequential ramps will be somewhat less then the next couple of quarters and I think what I would expect to see is about a 5% increase in spending year-over-year in the second half.
Ted D. Crandall: Yeah. So if the R&D tax credit were renewed before the end of our fiscal year – and, remember, we’re on a September fiscal year, not December. If it were renewed before the end of the fiscal year, then we would do a – and assuming it was renewed with retroactive application, we would do a catch-up adjustment for the full year. So that would be probably about 0.6, 0.7 point of lower tax rate for the year, if that happens.
Ted D. Crandall: Now Joe, I think you are doing the math incorrectly, but why don't you get with Rondi after the call. I think what you're going to see is the incrementals in the second half are in the high 30s.
Ted D. Crandall: No. I mean I don’t think it's higher margins in those countries, it's just – it's a consequence of the impact on the transactions in those countries in the currency depreciation as well as summary measurement losses on the balance sheet.
Ted D. Crandall: And it's hard to call exactly how those will fall out in the balance of the year, but I think they will be more weighted to Q2 which would suggest – I'm sorry, Q4. So if you think about an average in the second half of about 26%, I think we're going to be higher than that in Q3.
Ted D. Crandall: So, Rich, this is Ted. So I’d say the 1.1 in Q1 was lower than what we would normally expect to see in Q1. 1.1 in Q2 is pretty much normal expectation for Q2, so no big surprise here. It came in pretty much the way we expected it to come in.
