Theodore D. Crandall: Good morning and thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation’s first quarter fiscal 2014 earnings release conference call. I am filling in for Rondi today who unfortunately is a bit under the weather and unable to join us. Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO is here with me this morning.  Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that will include highlights of the company's performance in the first quarter and outlook for the full year. Then I will provide more detail on both of those and we’ll take questions at the end of my remarks.  Our results were released this morning, and the press release and charts have been posted to our website at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30 days. Before we get started I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are therefore forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. And with that I will turn it over to Keith. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah Rick I think where we saw a little bit weaker was primarily in our motor control businesses and we think probably more than any other industry a slowdown in mining is responsible for that.
Theodore D. Crandall: Okay well let me start with the second part of that. The answer is no, unpredictability. I think you know I think China is going through the natural evolution from high growth to a more stable type of growth and I think they are going to see cyclicality or I should say isolations around that growth trend line. And so I would say we don't believe we’ll have more predictability and we’ll continue to see fluctuations.  We certainly believe now that we’re in a stable point in the China market and with the China economy but as you know they have a number of potential issues that continue to be concerning whether it be the credit availability or the shadow banking or the excess capacity with SOEs in some of the heavy industry. So they continue to work through those areas but I think we are at a stable part and exports appear to be reasonable at this point in time as well as investment in some of their consumer industries which is one of the areas that we’re very focused on and the OEMs continue to perform well in China.
Theodore D. Crandall: No, our front-log has remained pretty stable. I think what we need to be watching for with respect to your comment is are we starting to see projects being slowed pushed out and at this point in time we have been seeing that with the exception of Canada where they’re in the middle of some very large project rollouts and it’s just not the availability to work the next stage of projects at this point. So we see a little bit of a low in the order rate in Canada and certainly that's related to the previous heavy investments that were going into the oil sands. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Well quite frankly December was very strong for us. And as far as on a year-over-year comparison it was the strongest month in the entire quarter. And quite candidly that's a comment worldwide not just the U.S. But that would lend to believe that there was some, that there was end of the year spending that was going on and I think that was a piece of it. Plus I think it was just the continued belief in an improving the economy and a little more confidence in that, after I would say during the summer timeframe, I think it was a little weaker in that regard. And so the combination of the end of the year and greater confidence probably led to a little higher spending as we exited the calendar year. 
Theodore D. Crandall: No, at this point we have not seen order pattern aberrations based upon a very, either miserable day in the Midwest or East Coast or wherever it’s occurred in different phases. So I think that has been a minimal impact for us and I wouldn't call that any different than what we normally see during let's just say a milder winter. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. So first on Logix, we would continue to expect for the full year that Logix would be somewhere above the average for Architecture and Software. So I would say higher single digits. In terms of the margins I think you are right on for the balance of the year. I mean we are not expecting, obviously the 20.6% is above our full year guidance for operating margin.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. So let me start at the back of that. I think clearly the investment spending that we put in place going forward now in the balance of the year will benefit us beyond 2014 and we should not expect to return in 2014. What we spend on is largely R&D and product development related, we have talked about in the past our focus on continuing to expand the Logix capabilities and also continued investment in our Intelligent Motor Control offering.  In terms of ramp, I think what you should expect is the rate of growth in spending in the balance of the year is going to exceed our rate of growth in sales in the balance of the year.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah, so probably the three currencies that will make the most difference for us that were moving last week where Brazil, South Africa and Canada. If all of those stay where they are probably creates about a $20 million top line headwind. 
Theodore D. Crandall: No, I wouldn't say anything significant around mix. I mean obviously the margins are benefiting from that legal settlement that we talked about. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Well it has been pretty good. I mean as we talked last year automotive was one of the key drivers of our performance in the U.S. So we're expecting it to flatten out, slow a little from a very high level. So I think that's just the natural evolution of project spending in that industry and but we're still looking for continued opportunities and projects in automotive in the U.S. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Sure. Well we think at the end of the year the U.S. will definitely be down from 10% growth quite frankly. And we expect the U.S., Asia Pacific and Latin America to be slightly above the company average. And EMEA will be up for the year but below the company average but still we believe outperforming the market. And Canada will be slightly down year-over-year and that’s basically how we come up with the 3% to 6% and I would say that basically my commentary taken it comments around the midpoint of our guidance range.
Theodore D. Crandall: So Steve as it relates to cash deployment I mean I think I would characterize it as steady as she goes. I mean our commitment remains to exhaust our free cash flow after acquisitions either in dividend or share repurchase and we did that pretty much last year and our plan is to do that this year and that’s reflected in $440 million of repurchases I talked about earlier.  As it relates to the cash on the balance sheet we have talked about the issue there before of most of that cash being outside the U.S. and not having an easy way to repatriate without incurring significant tax liability. And I would say as it relates to that we have no plan to change that at the moment. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Yeah. Steve. I don't have that number right now. I think instead of just giving out one that I couldn't support long-term, we will get back to you with that one. I want to make sure we look at the information and have something there that we have confidence in the number.  But certainly to your point we are very strong in the offshore both from a control as well as safety systems as the ICFT acquisition is very helpful there and we will have to pull together the make-up of our oil and gas business with respect to offshore and automobile as well and we will get back to you. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, Steve. Absolutely right. When we talk about our process initiatives, what we are accounting there will be heavily weighted to upstream and midstream. So when we talk about motor control it would be across the board, upstream, midstream and downstream. Likewise safety systems would play across that entire continuum. But when we talk about our expansion in the oil and gas we are mainly talking about control and what we do with our solutions capability and the majority of that would be the production side. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Steve, what we expect is something in that 30% to 35% range in terms of conversion as compared to the 50% in Q1. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Well I think we wanted to characterize the front-log as stable at this point, not growing, but still solid as we look forward. And we would expect that to be starting to convert at normal rates as we go through the remainder of the year.
Theodore D. Crandall: I would say as you would expect quarter-to-quarter it can be very variable. Over a longer period of time generally I would say the translation effect comes in on earnings, comes in pretty close to kind of our normal operating income percent. But in any quarter what drives variability tends to be re-measurement blockers or gains. 
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, that concludes today’s call. So thank you everybody for joining us and we will see you next quarter. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: Thanks, Ted and good morning everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call today. I hope everyone is enjoying winter. I know we’re all having fun with the snow and a bit of cold here in the Midwest.  I will start with the highlights for the quarter, so please turn to Page four in the slide deck. We had a very good start to the year with 7% organic sales growth in the quarter. I will start with some color on the region and verticals.  The U.S. led the way with 10% growth. Oil and gas and food and beverage were the strongest industries in the U.S. Canada sales were basically flat with mixed performance across the verticals. And EMEA enjoyed some momentum with 5% growth as they continue to find opportunities to grow and outperform the market. It was great to see Asia return to growth led by China. Latin America, our best growth region all of last year was a little soft due to difficult business climates in Argentina and Venezuela and weakness in mining across the region. However Brazil and Mexico continue to perform well as both grew double-digit.  Overall the picture for verticals is similar to what we said last quarter. Oil and gas and food and beverage were the strongest, automotive was pretty flat and mining and metals were the weakest. Here are a couple of other sales related metrics that I know you are always interested in. Process grew 8% in the quarter with the U.S leading the way. We are now including vMonitor in our numbers, so our full year growth expectation is closer to 10%.  Logix grew 6% in the quarter, the same as architecture and software as a whole. The Motion Control business within A&S experienced very strong growth reflecting continued success with OEM customers.  We closed on two important acquisitions recently. vMonitor which brings wireless solutions for monitoring and controlling well head and upstream oil and gas applications; and Jacobs Automation which is a leader in intelligent track motion control technology for OEM machine builders. Both of these acquisitions bring intellectual capital and differentiated technology and we are excited to have them as part of our company.  So to finish with this slide. Profitability was very strong in the quarter with adjusted earnings per share growth of 20%. I'll let Ted provide more details of our earnings in his remarks.  I guess I want to mention one more thing before I leave the quarter. Control Magazine an industry leading publication exclusively dedicated to the global process automation market recently issued the results of this year’s readers’ choice survey. We had another very strong showing with 41 wins in control industry and product categories, the most of any process company. Of the six controlled discipline awards we won three with no other company winning more than one. This again reinforces the power of our differentiated multi-discipline logics control platform.  In the industry awards we won 28 out of 53, the second place supplier won only 14. These results along with the diversity of applications we continue to win, reflect the breadth of our capabilities and domain expertise in process. We continue to gain ground as a leading DCS supplier.  So let me give you our thoughts about fiscal 2014. From a macroeconomic perspective forecasts for GDP and industrial production are similar to what they were a quarter ago and call for increased growth as we proceed through the fiscal year. Global PMI has improved somewhat. And while most of our customers have not yet declared their CapEx plans our front log of opportunities is solid.  Given this macro perspective and our results for the first quarter we are raising the lower end of our guidance. We now expect fiscal 2014 organic sales growth of 3% to 6% and adjusted EPS guidance of $6 to $6.35. Ted will provide more details about sales and earnings guidance in his remarks.  Before I close I'd like to thank those of you who came to Houston to attend Automation Fair and our Investor Conference. We introduced integrated control and information which expands our served market and enables our customers realize their vision of a connected enterprise. We are confident that integrated control and information deepens our focus on innovation and domain expertise which enables us to provide attractive returns for our shareholders.  So to wrap it up, Q1 was a strong start to the year. We are executing very well across the globe and I want to thank our employees, suppliers and partners for their dedication and expertise in continually expanding the value we provide to our customers.  With that I'll turn it over to Ted. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: With the automotives we would say that it’s basically hit out flat but remember this is at a very high level of investment. And I think we are starting to see mixed results with obviously Europe a little lower, as Ted mentioned automotive was strong in Canada and auto will remain strong in Latin America and it will probably flatten in the U.S. and remain flat in the U.S. and Asia is how we see the automotive at this point in time.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Hey Scott maybe what I would add is in both China and India our sales quarter to quarter tend to be a little more variable because of project content and in the case of India the underlying orders were not as strong as the growth and I don't think we would stay there. We think we have turned the corner yet. And in China our expectations for the full year is still high single digit so we’re not getting overly excited about 21% quarter.
Keith D. Nosbusch: You are absolutely right there is no question China is a place that we see the Japanese competition more than any other region in the world. And they continue to be a very strong competitor. We believe that the portfolio that we have and the focus that we have in particular on OEMs and consumer industries that we're able to compete very effectively.  I would say the other dimension of competitiveness or I should say competition is given that there is a slowing in particular some of the heavy industries, metals and cement in China, that those projects when they do come up are very, very competitive from a project and therefore solutions business.  So I think we're seeing increased competitiveness simply because there is fewer projects in the heavy industries and you know that’s not unusual and we think we can continue to win our fair share of those. But the fact of the matter is there are just not as many and that’s why I made a comment earlier about some of the overcapacity, particularly in the SOE.  The one exception to that would be China will continue to invest in oil and gas and they are continuing to invest in offshore projects and they’re just at the start of determining whether or not they can create a shale industry. There’s been recent reports that indicates they have shale reserves greater than the U.S. and the real question is how difficult is it to get to and they don't have the technology but will western technology be able to help them untap that. And I think that’s a wild card down the road but I think that’s the other potential play that we see in China going forward to offset the other heavy industry comments I made.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think if we look at what we’re able to do in the U.S. in that space I think we have a good opportunity to compete effectively. Capture, I mean that’s we’ll see how it plays out. I think the bigger question is will China be able to tap that energy resource if they are I believe we will be able to compete effectively for projects just like we have in some of their offshore business and shale opportunities in the U.S. over the last couple of years.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes well Mexico is the place where we will see continued investment to your point. There has been number of plants announced by both Asian and European as well as continued expansion of U.S. so let’s take the Asian transplants. I would say that’s probably the most difficult market for us because many times they work with their same partners they have in Japan and those tend to be the Japanese control manufacturers. So we can win pieces of that business but the heavy investment, particularly via what comes in on some of the OEM lines tend to be more Japanese brand.  With respect to European competitors our toughest challenge there would be with BMW and Audi quite candidly. That will come in with Siemens equipment on but we can certainly compete for portions of the business even there, but also the other European transplants we have a much better opportunity to win those projects, and certainly we also believe with some of our expanding capabilities in power training now that we’re in a better position to compete in that portion of the projects as well. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes we do well with them in their transplants in the U.S. So Mexico is not that -- we think we can be consistent with our supporting capabilities in Mexico as we have demonstrated in their U.S. clients already.
Keith D. Nosbusch: And I would also just add to that, that we also will have an increase in spending due to the acquisitions that we just recently completed but they would add in the same categories that Ted mentioned but that's another incremental increase from a year-over-year standpoint.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well that would depend on the region, Jeff. In the U.S., I would say we are not seeing large projects, the majority of the increases and front logs that we see at this time is continued small project and I will say expansion and productivity investments continued as opposed to what I would call greenfield. If you go to Europe certainly the strength that we had in the emerging markets, that is all greenfield with respect to, I will call it, mature Europe, there we are seeing some greenfield investment in oil and gas. It may not be -- it may not end up in Europe, but the engineering and procurement occurs in Europe and a lot of that is offshore activities in oil and gas. And as we see the continuing investments at OEMs in Europe and a lot of that gets exported back into the U.S. and Asia and Latin America and so OEMs right in Europe. And in Latin America we said that mining is down, but oil and gas continues to be strong in Latin America other than Mexico, the vast majority of that is greenfield investment. And in Mexico, a lot of it is just ongoing efforts to commoditize their existing equipment.  Canada, I mentioned we did see the slowing in some of the major projects in oil and gas and mining in Canada. And I think that we had a very strong previous year in some of those heavy industry investments. And so there is a natural low before they can go forward. And then Asia certainly we're seeing continued greenfield in the Southeast Asia region and in oil and gas in China. We're not seeing much greenfield in metals. As I mentioned there’s very few projects there same for cement. But we are seeing greenfield in consumer industries particularly food and beverage, significant growth in there and so that would be a picture for you Jeff by region. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: We had good growth in solutions as we mentioned. So there really was to Ted’s point no big mix difference here that created the margin expansion. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: Keith here, Steve. I think also look there is some normal variability in our quarter-to-quarter sales and as you will remember I think first half last year for us is a pretty easy comparison in our solutions and services businesses because we came into the year with the hole in the backlog. So we expected coming into this year that we’re going to see better growth in the first half than the second half. 
Keith D. Nosbusch: Okay well let me talk about the acquisitions and we’re very pleased with both of them and with vMonitor we think it’s a great opportunity because it expands our technology and solutions, our reach and domain expertise in the oil and gas well head and really that gives us some differentiation with the integrated approach for the design in those systems and gives us additional capability in the production side, which is an area that we have been very strong and we can also continue to develop what’s been called in the industry, a difficult oil field and this enables us to have a much broader solution for those requirements.  So think of it as in the production side upstream and wellhead applications and those are quite frankly all over the world and we see a great opportunity in all geographies with that.  With respect to Jacobs, Jacobs is a -- Jacobs Automation has really unique technology that we believe will provide faster speed and greater flexibility for machine builders. So it fits right into the OEM initiative that we have and the focus that we have been growing OEM sales on a global basis and really we see this as a way for customers to increase their productivity, help them reduce their energy consumption and really help them with speed of changeovers and therefore productivity that these OEMs can offer the end customers.  So really a good fit with our motion capability and we’ll continue to integrate that technology with our integrated architecture and that is a technology that will take some time to be absorbed in the OEM community but we think we have some good leading edge capabilities there. So that’s a little commentary around the acquisition. I will let Ted comment on the other part of your question.
Keith D. Nosbusch: And just to reinforce the two comments is that the vMonitor acquisition the majority of that was made with cash outside the U.S.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think Nigel, maybe what would help is I think I’d say that our backlog and our front-log at this point is consistent with the guidance.  
