Blake Moret: Yes. So Scott, from a broad sense, I mean China is obviously the world’s largest manufacturing economy, and we have low share in China. And so we are relatively less impacted by the ups and downs of their volatility on the surface because there’s so much more that we can pick up. We serve a broad range of the industries, and there’s a lot of infrastructure to be built in China. So we expect that to continue. But also importantly, a lot of the spend in China is on the Information Solutions and Connected Services, drawing insights from the basic automation. And that’s relatively less impacted by CapEx spending. That’s more operational spending, and we expect to continue to grow there. So the long-term trends are still positive in China.
Blake Moret: Scott, there was a little bit of a delay in MRO spend from GM, but not a lot, and we expect that to recover.
Blake Moret: Well, I’ll make a couple of comments and then Patrick will add to that. In North America, we continue to see strength in oil and gas, mining and pulp and paper. We do see some moderation in the coming year. I should point out that when we talk about oil and gas, that’s excluding Sensia, which we expect as we’ve talked about before, to grow double digits, which is a smaller part of the overall oil and gas market focused primarily at the digital oilfield, which we think will continue to grow double digits, and we obviously expect to grow faster than the market. In terms of the sequential performance, I’ll ask Patrick to make some comments there.
Blake Moret: Yes, we do think, and particularly with Sensia, we think that there’s big opportunity to continue to gain share. Remember, a lot of our participation is with more exposure to OpEx. So our exposure is not as much in drilling new wells as in getting efficiency from the wells once they’ve started producing, and so they’re not going to be as affected by volatile CapEx spend. And then, again, with Sensia, we think we have an opportunity to meaningfully accelerate our gains in oil and gas, particularly onshore upstream.
Blake Moret: Yes. I mean, John, I think, fundamentally, Rockwell Automation remains a conservative company. But there’s a lot of uncertainty out there, and we’re balancing that with what we know within our own four walls we’re producing and what we’re hearing from customers around the world in terms of their plans and the ability that we have to participate there. So we think that the flat organic growth is an appropriate balance between those two broad opposing forces.
Blake Moret: I would also say that earlier in the year, we saw continued growth from Brazil, and that continued to have positive growth through the year. But Mexico picked up partway through the year, and we saw a strong contribution as we exited from Mexico, which has good exposure to a broad range of the industries that we serve. It’s obviously oil and gas, but it’s Food and Beverage, Automotive really across-the-board.
Blake Moret: I think there’s – as we talked about before, there’s a balance between what is undeniably continued uncertainty. We continue to see decelerating macro indicators, industrial production and so on. But then on the other side, we’re very optimistic about our ability to gain share regardless of what those numbers are. But we’re informed by, to some extent, what we saw in the fourth quarter, but also what we’re expecting the year ahead to show. Backlog, a little bit up, but not a tremendous amount, and we think it’s a balanced outlook on fiscal 2020.
Blake Moret: I’d also say that we’re happy with the ability to have inorganic growth contributing to the year. It fits very well with our strategy, and it’s a meaningful contribution to our reported growth in the coming year.
Blake Moret: About 1 point, Steve. Last year, we did a little bit less than 2 points, including the impact of pricing associated with the tariffs. And so for fiscal 2020, we’re targeting a little less than 1 point, about 1 point.
Blake Moret: Well, yes, happy to. So for many years, our fundamental play was providing an integrated control architecture to our customers. So typically, our Logix control was at the heart of that, and we would have operator interface, smart products like drives and servers and so on that will connect easier than anybody else in that architecture. On top of that, we now have greater capacity than we ever had to add information processing software that allows you to take the data from that control and to turn it into insights to drive additional productivity. And it works great when it’s sitting on top of a Rockwell control architecture, but it doesn’t have to. It takes data very well from our competitors as well. And what we’re finding, really to our delight, is that almost half of the sales are putting that software on top of someone else’s control system. And so it allows us to go into a brownfield, they’re not ready to change out their controllers yet, but it gives us a reason for being there and to add value into their operation. So it gives us more ways to win more customers that have a reason for being in their facility, talking about their business problems.
Blake Moret: Yes. So we saw – starting with Q4, we saw some recovery in MRO. We also saw continued spend from some of the projects that we’ve been talking about in internal combustion vehicles where we have line of sight to those projects, and that was a meaningful part of our performance in Q4. But a really bright part of the picture is the continuing importance of electric vehicle drivetrains. And for instance, in Asia, we had some good project activity at OEMs in electric vehicle powertrain, and we expect that to be a larger and larger part of our overall powertrain business going forward as a lot of manufacturers are going straight from internal combustion engines to full EV. It doesn’t look like there’s going to be as much demand as maybe was first thought for hybrid. People are going to total EV. And we’re very well positioned to play in that because it’s less subtractive manufacturing processes, REIT, C&C and metal cutting. It’s a really good fit for our current portfolio, and we’re winning some important competitive business there, and it’s growing fast. It grew strongly in the fourth quarter, and we expect it to continue to grow next year.
Blake Moret: That’s right. A lot of times, the digital transformation that our customers are going through are on top of existing capital-intensive assets in the field. So the lines are out there, they’ve already got the basic automation in place that came with the original equipment, but now they’re looking to drive additional productivity out of those existing assets. And it can be meaningful double-digit increases and OEE and other metrics of productivity by adding this software to be able to analyze what’s going on, on the line. But often, those expenditures can be made out of OpEx and not CapEx.
Blake Moret: We think, Rob, for a long time, hybrid has been a great place for us. It’s where a lot of manufacturers are going. And so when you think about the trend towards smaller, but continuous process lines in Life Sciences where the control is tightly integrated with the software, that’s an area that we continue to have double-digit performance in because it’s just such a great fit for what we’re doing. In powertrain for electric vehicles, that is another area that I just mentioned that we have a very high readiness to serve. And I’ll tell you that there’s some opportunities around the world where we think that we’re gaining share in some of the installed base that might be a little bit older from competitive systems. So GE, for instance, is an area where we’ve had some nice wins in converting out some of that installed base.
Blake Moret: Sure. Food and beverage, we continue to see some subdued capital spending across Food and Beverage. On the other hand, it’s one of the verticals that we’re seeing particularly high investment across worldwide fleets in IoT. So they’re going in and they’re looking at benchmarking lines across their worldwide operations and finding ways to bring the lower efficient lines up to higher levels of efficiency, and the software being added on top of existing iron is a good way to do it. Also, interestingly, packaging OEMs in Europe picked up a bit for us in the quarter. And while, again, we need to watch how that plays out, that contributed to some of the good performance in Europe and some of the better-than-expected performance in Food and Beverage in general.
Blake Moret: Yes. So for the one year – for fiscal 2020 only, it will be the total contribution to the revenue will be split between organic and inorganic.
Blake Moret: Yes. We did not see the same degree of project pushouts in Q4 as we did in Q3. That being said, the macro indicators show deceleration in fiscal 2020, and we need to see more than one quarter of performance to draw a line between those points. So we remain cautious, but obviously, we’re pleased with the better performance in Q4, and again, our ability to compete and win for the business that is out there.
Blake Moret: Yes. I think over a longer period of time, there’s absolutely upside with EV as you have all of these companies, the traditional brand owners as well as new companies. And they have to bring vehicles to market to get a revenue stream. So we’re working with them. And all the ones that started a couple of years ago won’t make it to the finish line, but there’s a lot of exciting innovation out there that we’re participating in. We’re not expecting the industry as a whole to turn around. We’re not expecting SAAR counts to jump back up, but stabilization may be an appropriate word there.
Blake Moret: Thanks, Jessica. So just to summarize, fiscal 2019 was a good year. We grew adjusted EPS 7%. We grew our core platforms, and Information Solutions and Connected Services continued to grow double digits. We also made some important investments. With this foundation, we are well positioned for the future, and we look forward to seeing you all in Chicago next week.
Patrick Goris: Yes. We don’t expect big swings by quarter, John, from a process point of view. And within process –
Patrick Goris: Yes. So Jeff, from a spend point of view, we ended the year where we expect it to be a little less than – up a little less than 2% year-over-year. The fourth quarter was down a little compared to last year, again, as expected. From an incentive comp point of view, compared to what we shared with you in July, incentive comp expense was higher in fiscal 2019, given that we outperformed our expectations. And so the expense in fiscal 2019 was closer to $75 million compared to the $60 million that I shared with you in July.
Patrick Goris: Actually, Latin America was strong in some of the consumer verticals, but particularly, oil and gas was very strong. Mining, pulp and paper, water – wastewater, all up double digits in the quarter. We do expect some of that to moderate in fiscal 2020. You may recall, Jeff, we also had a large Codelco mining project in Latin America. So we’ll have some tough comps next year. And so for next year, we expect that growth in Latin America to moderate a bit.
Patrick Goris: Julian, I would just add that we’ve had one quarter of better-than-expected sales performance in Q4 after two quarters where we had weaker performance than we expected, and the macro indicators that we track PMI and IP are still weakening. And so we think that we’re balancing all of these things out.
Patrick Goris: I think the way you can think about it is, on the margin side, there is no organic growth, but there is some pricing that’s being realized. So there is some uptick there. As you mentioned, mix is somewhat of a headwind next year. Then the restructuring and then bonus expense clearly is a little bit of a tailwind. But our spend next year, our overall spend increase is not flat. Actually, we’re investing some next year and so our spend is up low single digits. A couple of points next year, a little bit less than that. And so the net of that is flat margins. So tailwind from price, headwind from, as I mentioned, some of the reinvestments that we’re doing in mix.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Steve, Patrick here. Actually, we – the sales improved through the quarter. September was our strongest month, but that is not unusual for September.
Patrick Goris: And so I’d say, improvement through the month, and as always, particularly September, tends to be the strongest month of the quarter.
Patrick Goris: No, I wouldn’t say that, Steve, at all. Our annual price increase went into effect in August as we ever see a little bump in volume due to price like pre-buys that nothing unusual there at all. And we don’t – rough price to get volume.
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about it is the vast majority of that 4 points, meaning more than – well more than 3 points comes from Sensia closer to 3.5 points or more, so most of that comes all from Sensia. And then in seasonality, I would probably say a little bit more second half weighted than first half weighted, also because we’re expecting to deliver revenue synergies as a result of the joint venture. So obviously, starting October 1, we’re recording all the sales, but we expect sales to accelerate in Sensia, given the synergies that we expect of the combined offering.
Patrick Goris: Yes. I don’t think – on a go-forward basis, I don’t expect meaningful calendarization of the results of either of those investments.
Patrick Goris: We’re going after both, Josh. And as we’ve talked before and we’ll talk more next week in detail, the ways that we’re increasing our resilience to volatility involves the things that you’ve mentioned. It’s more recurring revenue in the form of subscriptions and as a service business models from Information Solutions and Connected Services. So we get a double benefit there. It’s growing double digits, but there’s also a very high component of that that’s recurring in nature. We’re also decreasing our volatility by greater exposure to process industries, which are typically later cycle than on traditional discrete areas. And then life cycle services being able to provide ongoing services after commissioning the initial projects, and we’re doing that with more urgency than I’d say ever before. And then finally, some of the inorganic investments, as we talked about, in a period of low or no organic growth, it’s nice to have 4 points or more from the inorganic growth. So it’s going to address both. It’s early. We got a lot of work yet to do, but I’m very happy with the results so far.
Patrick Goris: Okay. Josh, Patrick here. The $0.05, if I look at what’s in there, they’re about $0.05 of fees and setup costs that are in there. And so we would expect that to go away. And the way we’re thinking about it internally is that Sensia is expected to be a 20% EBITDA business. This year overall adjusted EPS impact about neutral. We expect that to start to contribute to adjusted EPS next year. From a free cash flow point of view, it’s contributing to us in fiscal 2020.
Patrick Goris: The way you can think about the tax, the $0.20 is the overall tax impact. The tax impact to Rockwell Automation shareowners is only 53% of that. So within the $0.05, it’s only $0.11 of tax. You have to adjust out the part that does not go through Rockwell Automation shareowners. And maybe this is an opportunity to provide a little bit more color on the $0.05 of Sensia on the bridge. Within that are obviously incremental earnings associated with Sensia, adjusted for the part of the earnings that no longer go through Rockwell Automation shareowners. So the incremental earnings are a little bit over $0.05, say, between $0.05 and $0.10. We just talked about the tax benefit, that’s about $0.11 benefit in fiscal 2020, but offsetting that are intangibles of about $0.10 and then the fees and setup costs that are about $0.05, as I mentioned. So those are the different moving pieces there. In essence, that tax benefit is offset by intangibles. They’re basically the same.
Patrick Goris: Yes, we’ve estimated it. We think about 65% of our sales are mostly driven by CapEx to balance OpEx. And you can think about some of the Information Solutions and Connected Services, some of these sales, we think, will come more out of OpEx budgets than CapEx budgets.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Robert, Patrick here. The share repurchase were pretty much the same each quarter of fiscal 2020. I don’t have the average price we paid in the fourth quarter here handy. I think it’s going to come out later today, you’ll see that in the K. In terms of repurchase for next year, again, the $400 million, we expect that to be pretty stable across the fourth quarters.
Patrick Goris: Yes, very good question. The way you can think about it is Sensia’s overall revenues are expected to be over $400 million in fiscal 2020. The 4% that we refer to is the part that is contributed by Schlumberger to the joint venture. The part that is contributed by Rockwell Automation is already part of our sales. So that 4% that we call inorganic growth only represents the contribution of Schlumberger.
Patrick Goris: Let me quickly answer the question that Rob had. Rob, in Q4, the average price we paid for our shares was $158. And for full year fiscal 2019, the average share price we paid was $165. So with that, Jessica.
