Keith Nosbusch: Oil and gas in Q3 was down about 10% and we would expect for the fiscal year, it would also be down 10%, maybe a little bit better which gets us through Q3 down 7% on a year-to-date basis. I think it's a little too early for us to say that we know it's a bottom. Certainly, the next quarter will give us a good picture. If we're able to be steady state again in the third quarter I think we have our answer. It's become very mixed, however, as to spending. Obviously, you picked up Canada. The U.S. is definitely down as well, but Mexico was up. The Middle East remains reasonably solid. What we're seeing is a transition into more OpEx spending than specifically upstream exploration spending. We're hoping that we can convert some of the production dollars in CapEx into OpEx as we go forward.
Keith Nosbusch: We definitely feel that there is a short-term issue at this point, a lot of that driven by what's the liquidity. It's still difficult for small and midsized customers. The rates are still reasonably high. We had expected to see in China growth in the second half of the year which was not the case. Particularly, I think the currency is hurting a little bit. Their exporting OEMs are suffering because of that. I think we have seen a pickup in some of the infrastructure investments, but that's typical China behavior. We believe the transportation industry, automotive is mixed with some of the leading companies still investing, but the slowdown in consumption is, I should say, in auto purchases is hurting. The majority of the market, [indiscernible] is slowing because of overcapacity now. Yet we continue to see growth in the consumer industries, mainly the food and beverage areas, particularly with the concerns for safety and the ongoing expansion of the middle class which quite frankly, is why we continue to stay positive on China in the long term. Certainly in the short term, there are spending concerns both from a company standpoint as well as individual standpoint. I think we have to see how the current phenomenon, the stock market transition the last couple of weeks, what will be the long-term impact of that as well.
Keith Nosbusch: What we’re thinking as we're going to reserve commentary on 2016 until November, so that's our first thought. To just to give you a little flavor for what currently is going on and that is our front log and quotation is stable. I wouldn't say we're seeing a meaningful change in the activity. Obviously, the concern that we have talked about is the declining industrial production. That's been a pretty consistent drum beat starting in the spring time frame now, but when you look at the forecast for industrial production, it shows improvement as we go through 2016. I would say there's mixed messages at this point and that's one of the reasons we want to get a couple of more months here and get a better feel before we give our 2016 guidance.
Keith Nosbusch: The quarter did get stronger as we went April through June. June would have been the strongest month in the quarter. That, I guess, you could say would be the trend for the quarter.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. That's not unusual in our business. I would say that July with the holiday and everything started out slow.
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly, we believe that is one of the areas that we should be able to grow in. That's heavily influenced by our success in the OEM market and that's what a lot of it is targeted for. I did mention OEMs were weaker, particularly exporting OEMs, because of the exchange rate, particularly into Europe. I think our product portfolio continues to get better to serve that market. We call that the mid-range market and that's our controllers, our drives which is a very strong portfolio as well. That will continue to be an area that we expect better than market performance in China. Certainly, has been an area of focus for us this past year in particular. We've still got to get a better little traction.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, the only comment I would make in addition is, I think we're also benefiting by the mix. As solutions grow at a faster rate going forward, that will have some downward pressure on margin.
Keith Nosbusch: I think it depends on the geography. For example, the two verticals that are growing the best for us are automotive and then consumer. In automotive, there's a lot of greenfield investment, particularly in Mexico and a couple of the emerging markets, including China in that comment. In the mature markets, as you know in the U.S., the U.S. automotive companies are continuing to invest in new platforms so it's not necessarily capacity as much as new models and refurbishing their lines. In particular, we see longer-term investment in the power train side of the business because of the fuel standard improvements that are mandated, new engines, new transmissions which you are now seeing. I think that would be the area that we see there. With respect to the [indiscernible], it's pretty much the same story, emerging markets with the growing middle class and the greater need for automation and for protecting the safety of the product. We see more investments in automation. When we see it in the mature markets, it's really driving modernization of some of the new lines to update the existing installed base and also to deal with new, more flexible packaging to drive productivity. I think that's where we're seeing the greatest growth in those two verticals and it varies between mature and emerging markets.
Keith Nosbusch: In China, pricing is always competitive but it tends to be the nature of the culture as well to some degree. I would say we're not seeing significantly different activities, but there is fewer large projects. I think on the few there are, what you traditionally see is a more competitive environment. I think that remains the case on the few large projects that are out there. I think that would include some of the infrastructure investments that our taking place. They tend to now require a more competitive bid. I would say the area that is probably the greatest impact and it's not necessarily a pricing phenomenon, it's just a situation of currency which is the exporting Chinese OEMs are less competitive now because the RMB is pegged more to the dollar and therefore with the euro weakness against the dollar, the European OEMs our more competitive. That hurts the exporting OEMs in China, particularly into the European market. I would say that's not necessarily a pricing issue. It's more of a currency issued there.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, Mexico for the quarter was up, I think, mid-teens. That was, once again, a strong quarter of growth for us. When you were talking oil and gas in Mexico, you're talking Pemex. Of course, they have a supply chain there, but Pemex drives it. It's 100% of the business and they are continuing to invest and modernize. They are modernizing their platforms and also their transportation areas. That has been the area of growth as opposed to significant new drilling that's going on. We do see an opportunity with some of our install base to be able to participate in the upgrades and the modernization that's going on.
Keith Nosbusch: Process for the fourth quarter, we expected to be right around flat maybe a little negative, but overall for the fiscal year, flat.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes, just to clarify the Middle East, the Middle East is expanding and other areas. Some of our growth there was in metals. Because of the low cost of energy, they do attract energy intensive industries. The other was in wastewater project as they continue to build infrastructure for their population. I would say oil and gas is the primary, but we had two very significant projects in metals and wastewater in the Middle East. In the Eastern Europe, a lot of it does tend to be the consumer related industries, per your comment. When we talk about sub-Saharan Africa, it tends to be heavier in mining than anything else at this moment. The resource industries typically lead. We also see some consumer as the population growth is starting to attract some of the multinational food companies to invest.
Keith Nosbusch: No, I don't think that's what I was trying to say. What I was trying to say is we aren't ready to call it stabilizing. We'll need at least another quarter to see if the declines that we saw in Q3 start flattening out or if we're going to see continued reduction in Q4. Right now we're calling, to your point, exactly right, we're expecting a double-digit decline in oil and gas in Q4 and depending on at what level that comes in, we'll have a better feel for going forward. I do think to the point of your question, I don't think we will see a significant increase in spending until we see an increase in the price of oil. I think those two will be a very connected. At this point, I think we're still at too low of a level to see meaningful incremental investment, no matter where the bottom is. I think we still need to see higher oil prices to drive new investment, as opposed to just OpEx spending to improve productivity and their cost structure.
Keith Nosbusch: I think the one we've been talking most about, historically, is metals. I would say metals is still definitely in an overcapacity situation, particularly metals in China which has not reduced their capacity. You've seen capacity taken out of the U.S. and that's happened over a number of years. I still think we have overcapacity there. I think we're beginning to see, at least in China, some overcapacity in the tire industry. They still have overcapacity in their overall automotive industry, but it tends to be in the domestic suppliers, the second and third tier automotive companies that are losing market share. Many of those are state-owned, so they are very difficult to close and to reduce. But I would say that's where we've seen the overcapacity. I would think in most of the other industries, it's not an overcapacity situation. In the emerging markets, it's about creating capacity, particularly for the growing middle class and consumers. In the mature markets, it's about modernization and reducing cost and improving business performance and investments are going into that. An output of that would be some capacity expansion, but they are not making the investments due to capacity expansion. I would say, if you take China in particular, independent of overcapacity, there is a need to deal with the escalating labor cost. That's just a natural tailwind for automation investment as well. We do see some benefit there, independent of some of the other comments I made.
Keith Nosbusch: I don't think large project activity has changed a lot in the last three months. I think one of the things we've seen is with industrial production rates slowing and that been true pretty much globally, maybe with the exception of EMEA, with industrial production rates slowing, what we're seeing is somewhat less MRO and small project activity.
Ted Crandall: John, at the risk of cutting that answer a little too fine, I do want to draw upon I think we have a better opportunity in mid-range and a larger opportunity in mid-range than in microcontrollers.
Ted Crandall: Yes, so I talked about actions we took at the end of last year, some restructuring actions. That structural productivity contribution to CP&S is probably about half of the productivity that we're seeing in that segment and certainly, why that segment is running stronger than A&S. The other half is what I would call normal sourcing actions and lean and Six Sigma productivity projects that we always have in the pipeline. I think we probably tended to underestimate a little bit as we have gone to this year the level of productivity we were driving in CP&S. I would say it's been stronger on the solutions and services side of that business than on the product side, but I do think it will be sustained. I think as we go into Q4 the margin comparisons get a little bit tougher, but I think we will sustain that productivity.
Ted Crandall: I think I would still give the same guidance we have always talked about which is if we get organic growth falling into the low-single digits, it will be harder for us to drive conversion margins in the 30%, 35% range. I think what you are seeing this year is really a combination of two things. One is our productivity is above average this year. We've talked about that in previous quarters. The other thing is we're getting about 1% price this year on low organic growth. That also tends to help with the conversion margin.
Ted Crandall: I think we're certainly going to see an acceleration in volume in CP&S just because fourth quarter is always our highest solutions and services shipment quarter. Normally, we would see some expansion of margin consequent to that, even though we're going to have a significant negative mix impact.
Ted Crandall: Without talking specifically about 2016 because as Keith said, we're not giving guidance on 2016 yet, I would say generally our expectation is even at low levels of organic growth, 2%, maybe even 3%, 2% to 3% range, even at those levels we think we should be able to drive some level of margin improvement generally, but not the 30%, 35% conversion that we would expect at higher rates of organic growth.
Ted Crandall: Sure. We're speaking to Turkey. I would say the Middle East, when you think of the Middle East in my commentary, think of it as the oil industry in the Middle East which is now broader than just oil. Think of it as Saudi Arabia, the Emirates, Abu Dhabi. Then sub-Saharan Africa would be the other one and Central and Eastern Europe. It's pretty much the rest of Europe, Middle East and Africa and we sold good growth. Other than Turkey in the quarter, we saw strong year-over-year growth. Actually, we also saw growth in Russia, but that was the delivery of a project. We're certainly seeing less opportunity with respect to orders. Once again, that's the lumpiness of our solutions business which is prevalent throughout that entire region.
Ted Crandall: I do think our solutions and services business will be down slightly in the fourth quarter year-over-year. Our products business will be up.
Ted Crandall: I would say the biggest factor influencing the higher conversion on adjusted income is better working capital management. Working capital has not increased at the rate we expected, despite the fact I'm talking on a constant currency basis, despite the fact we've had about 2% organic growth. That's the biggest factor. As it relates to share repurchase, we originally set a target in November of about $470 million and as I mentioned in my comments, we now think we will spend at least $525 million this year. We ran ahead of pace through nine months and I think we will run at pace or higher in Q4. Obviously, that will depend on whether there's any acquisition spending in Q4 and also to an extent on stock price.
Ted Crandall: All of the things you've talked about. You can think about this in part as volume leverage that we're getting organic growth. You can think of it as lean and Six Sigma projects which are there to reduce costs, the efforts of our strategic sourcing organization to influence material costs. Margins in our solutions businesses which relates a lot to basically selection of projects and then the execution on those projects. In addition to all of that, savings we got from restructuring actions that we took late last year.
Ted Crandall: I don't think the actions we've taken have had a big effect on SG&A. I think what you're looking at in the 5% decline is more the effect of currency translation year-over-year. With that said, we've not had large spending increases either in SG&A.
Ted Crandall: I think if we look at the year-to-date results, mining is actually slightly up for us year-over-year. The performance in any quarter is going to bounce around a little bit. I suspect for the full-year, mining's going to be either flat or slightly up for us this year.
Ted Crandall: Last quarter, we talked about spending up about 2% in first half and the expectation that it would be up about 4% and second half. We did not accelerate a lot of spending in the third quarter and we now think that our spending for the second half will be up about 3% instead of 4%. As part of the margin improvement that's reflected in the guidance.
Ted Crandall: If I recall correctly, services was actually up year-over-year in the quarter. You are correct. The decline was all due to solutions.
Ted Crandall: I would say if you looked on a year-to-date basis, the mix is slightly favorable this year. It's had a small positive effect on margin. I think for the full-year, I'd expect that to be about the same.
Ted Crandall: Yes. The book-to-bill for solutions and services was 1.1 and Logix growth rate in the quarter was 3.5% organically.
Ted Crandall: No, I don't think we have. I don't think we have ever talked about specific currency transactional headwind.
Ted Crandall: I'm stopping to think about it. We manufacturing in Canada and export to the U.S. and we also manufacture in the U.S. and export to Canada. I'm trying to think of what that balance will be.
