Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks, Matt. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's second fiscal 2015 quarter earnings release conference call. With me today as always are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO; and Ted Crandall, our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights on the Company's performance in the second quarter and the first half, and some contexts around our updated outlook for fiscal '15. Then Ted will provide more details on the results as well as our sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. As always, we’ll take questions at the end of Ted's remark and we expect the call to take about an hour today. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note that both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30-days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll hand the call over to Keith.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay, great. Thanks Ted. Before we start the Q&A, I’d just ask that you limit yourself to one question and a follow up so that we can get to as many callers as possible. Mark, we’ll then take our first question.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: I think if I do some high level quick math here, as a percentage of A&S, sales is less than 10%. As a percentage of CP&S, sales is going to be 15% blocks for this and 12% for the total company.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Before we go to our last caller, this is Rondi, I just want make a couple of comments. I’m not sure that we got this out, but I want to make sure that we are clear about our revised expectations for oil and gas for the full year. We think it could be up to 10% down as implied at the midpoint of our guidance. And then if you back engineer second half, that’s probably down something like mid-teens. And so I just want to make sure we get that out. The other thing I just wanted to say a few words quickly before we go to the last caller, since this is the last call that I’ll be participating in, I’ll take a little bit of license here, but I just want to say that it’s certainly been a privilege to represent such a great company to the investing community. I feel really lucky that Ted asked me to do this job seven years ago. I’ve often said that I think I have the best job in finance. Now I’m going to cry. I’ve learned a ton. I’ve really enjoyed working with all of you and I appreciate all the best wishes. With that, I think we’ll just take the last call.
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. If we look at the consumer verticals, certainly food and beverage we see that growing in line with the company average in the quarter. We continue to see investment particularly in Asia Pacific and Latin America where there’s ongoing strength with both multi-nationals and indigenous food companies. We are also seeing in particular in Asia and China in particular, the continued need for safety and the risk management of having quality food and quality production processes and that’s driving some of the investment there.  In the home and personal care, we are seeing continued investment in innovation in their products and many of the companies are expanding their SKU’s and therefore need new and more flexible machinery to do that. We expect that to continue as we go forward in the second half of the year. And as I mentioned, we think home and personal care will be an area that is above the company average growth. And then Life Sciences, we did see growth in all geographies, including EMEA and this is a pick up from what spanned the previous couple of quarter. That’s a quick picture of what we are seeing in some of the major areas buts a good quarter and basically a good outlook for the remainder of our fiscal year. 
Keith Nosbusch: The product set is pretty much the same. We’ve had some new functionality releases in some of our process in both continuous and the batch hybrid space. But in general, our product portfolio has been pretty consistent over the last couple of quarters after a major release in our planned PAX previously. We are looking forward to some new introductions later this year that will particularly be in the batch hybrid space which is an area that we believe we can continue to grow in. But as far as the markets themselves, while oil and gas is certainly going to see a decline, we believe that chemical will be stronger for us in the second half and going forward. That’s an area that we continue to believe we have some opportunities to grow in.  Even in oil and gas, if you look at -- Ted mentioned that Latin America grew for us in the second quarter. We think there are pockets of investments that are going on, both in emerging markets where either they’re trying to become more energy independent or they just have a government industry that they want to continue to invest in, whether it be the oil side or the gas side. We see isolated opportunities even in oil and gas and in particular some of the midstream activities that will continue to be invested in. And investments, as we talked about in mining, OpEx spending will become more critical in some of these areas and that spending should continue.  We are seeing very isolated, but some pockets of spending in metals. It is very project specific. It is not broad-based and we’ve been successful in a couple of those. We also see once again isolated but pockets of spending in Pulp and Paper, which is an industry that has really been reduced over a number -- probably over the last decade. And so they do look at modernization and energy efficiency investments. And in North America we do see modernization going on in some of those locations. That gives you a little feel for where we see the opportunities to have a little bit above average growth to offset some of the oil and gas decline. 
Keith Nosbusch: Certainly parts of it has been driven by automotive and there’s been investment in automotive from both the U.S car manufactures, as well as European and Asian. We see that automotive investment continuing over the next couple of years. It’s one of the reasons we’ve identified automotive as one of the areas that is going to grow a little faster for us in the second half. Mexico is where some of these investments are going in. And so we see Mexico and automotive continuing. And when we talk about this, there’ll be two dimensions to that. One will be the car manufacturers themselves, but secondly it will be the tier 1 suppliers to the automotives.  And certainly that’s an opportunity for us as well. The investment and the automation intensity is different than an automotive plant, but we also see that is an area. The other area that we see as an opportunity for us is the fact that some of the opportunities that we’ll see in powertrain now with FANUC and we do know there are some powertrain investments that will be going into Mexico. Independent of what I just talked about with automotive, that’s probably not where the greatest growth has been for us. There is still significant investment going on in oil and gas. Pemex as you know has opened up the energy sector for external investments. So we see that as a continued opportunity.  Oil and gas is very important to the Mexican economy and they’re also modernizing some of their existing facilities. We see that as a potential. And then mining, mining in Mexico is one of the few areas where investment is taking place and also then the growing middle class is pushing for the consumer industries and we see food and beverage and brewing, all of the consumer related industries. Home and personal care has also opportunities for growth. So it’s really a broad-based set of industries that’s driving up growth in Mexico and we have a very good partner network there, a very strong distributor organization that is able to support that growth. So we see continued ability to grow in Mexico in a diverse set of verticals.
Keith Nosbusch: No. It’s a combination. Matter of fact, the majority of it was probably onshore in the Andean region. Countries like Peru, Colombia in addition to Mexico and Mexico is a mix with a lot of it offshore there, but the rest of South America is pretty much onshore.
Keith Nosbusch: I think just to characteristic it for the year, we believe each region will be down other than Latin America. That would be the way we would characterize it in total, but [indiscernible] I'm talking about versus other -- versus our guidance last quarter. So that’s why we took the overall guidance down organically a point.
Keith Nosbusch: As always quite frankly, a stronger dollar makes us less competitive export wise. When you see the dramatic change against the Euro, that is helping the Europeans, particular OEMs compete and then there’s also another dynamic going on and that is China. And you look at China now versus the dollar and China currency is pretty much pegged to the dollar. And with what happened with the Euro, we’re now seeing that the Chinese OEMs are not as -- do not have the same advantage against the European Euro.  So we are seeing some different dynamics going no from a competitiveness standpoint that haven’t been seen in a while, in particular because of the magnitude of the Euro-Dollar change and then the impact on other currencies, particularly with there’s strong exporting economies. And I think that’s part of the reason why you’re seeing a little bit of a decline in the China numbers. China for us, OEMs have slowed a little. So we have seeing some of the impact there. But just to be clear in the US, in the US most of our OEM business is domestic business, not export business. We have not seen a significant impact to our business at this point in time. 
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. So far it has and part of the reason is a lot of the European strength is with exporting OEMs. And so that’s for machinery and a lot of the strength of exporting OEMs is to the US now and that’s into where our strength is and where our capability of supporting those machines and the customer base is the strongest. I think you’ll see our ability to continue to grow. It’s why CompactLogix is growing at a faster rate than the ANS and Logix average quite frankly is because we continue to be able to work the European exporting OEMs and that’s because it's not a domestic sale and it's a benefit to Rockwell to have a strong position with the exporting OEMs in Europe.
Keith Nosbusch: When we think about the two segments, we don’t have a precise, but we believe A&S is about 30% of it and CP&S is about 70% of it. Within CP&S, about 85% of it is solutions and services. So in total it’s about 40% products and about 60% solutions and services.
Keith Nosbusch: That’s what I was just going to say. That is one of the areas that we’ve been slower with the ramp up simply because of availability and it’s going to be part of that 4% growth in the second half that Ted mentioned earlier.
Keith Nosbusch: We believe we continue to gain share in the process space. Obviously it’s an area that we did not compete with the breadth of our portfolio historically. So it’s a new area for us. It’s been the biggest growth in our serve markets over the last couple of years. And we still see process as one of the better opportunities and areas for us to drive revenue growth. So the majority of that quite frankly, is going to be, we have to take share. The market, we have to be growing above the market growth rates here and that means we are going to have to take share. We think the best opportunities for us to take share are in the batch hybrid space and then in certain applications in the heavy industries that we are focused on in oil and gas, in Pulp and Paper, in metals and now chemicals is a better area.  We’ve identified specific applications, specific geographies that we can continue to make inroads with the modern DCS approach that we take with our portfolio. We think we have some competitive differentiation. We think our plant-wide optimization message is critical for helping customers drive cost and global competitiveness and cost efficiencies and productivity. We have a very targeted approach for where we are looking at it and there’s a large legacy install base that we also have focused on to be able to update and upgrade because of the fact that those legacy systems are no longer supported or available from the original manufactures. We have a very broad, but yet focused initiative here to drive that growth. And we still believe that it’s an area that while the timetable has stretched out, our goal continues to be to double that business that we had as of 2012. 
Keith Nosbusch: Yes. We have seen some improvement in the outlook in Europe in our front-logs. We see that the major areas that we see the improvements would be in the Home and Personal Care markets. The Life Sciences markets have been growing there for us as well. And then also if you take very isolated countries or locations, we’ve seen some growth in metals and some growth in the water Wastewater area, as well as part of it. That continues to be an area that we see growth opportunities and consumer is a space that continues to develop and continues to create opportunities for modernization in I’ll say mature Europe. And then in the emerging Europe that’s where we have seen some of the higher growth opportunities. And in fact emerging Europe grew at a faster rate for us this last quarter than Western Europe. A couple of good industries, a couple of good countries and yet a more positive view of the economy there than certainly six, 12 months ago.
Ted Crandall: First, I think spending has probably started off a little slower for us in the first half of this year than we expected in terms of a ramp up. We are up about 2% year over year in spending in the first half. We expect to be up more like 4% year over year in spending in the second half. As it relates to incremental margins, I do not expect incremental margins in the second half to be as strong as what you saw in the first half, but I expect absolute margins in the second half to be about equal to the first half.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, I think I mentioned that. We think we are now going to have a somewhat more favorable conversion rate for the full year than what we anticipated in the previous guidance.
Ted Crandall: The conversion rate on the foreign exchange is probably one of the most difficult things for us to forecast. Over time it tends to run at about our normal operating margin, our normal operating earnings margin, but it varies a lot quarter to quarter. Now that we are six months through the year and we’ve got the first half behind us, and it was slightly favorable to what we were thinking, our best estimates now for the second half say that likely continues.
Ted Crandall: We have made some structural changes that have boosted our productivity this year and I think we are going to run at a somewhat higher level of productivity this year than it's been the case for the last couple and that’s providing a nice boost to our margins. On a year over year basis, I think you are going to see the largest impact of that in the first half because the margin comparisons get a little tougher in the second half. If you looked at our second half expectations and you pulled out the effect of currency, I think what you see is a conversion is margins that’s pretty normal, kind of around 30%.  That’s kind of a fiscal 2015 answer. In the longer term, we still believe that if we are driving reasonable levels of organic growth and I use that to mean 4%, 5%, 6% organic growth that we should be able to drive 30% to 35% conversion margin. Now it's always going to depend on mix of growth between our Solutions and Service business and Products business and the rate at which we’re ramping spending. It won’t be that in any particular period, but over the longer term we think that’s a reasonable expectation.
Ted Crandall: I would say there has been a change in the mix of currency from our prior guidance to this guidance and that is some of that. We have made no changes in our hedging policy, although the mix in currency, it does have impact on the hedging results related to that. But I would say a lot of this is just about we’ve got better visibility now about what to expect in the second half and we’ve got two quarter under our belt. 
Ted Crandall: I don’t think we were trying to send any message with the low end. I mean we focus kind of primarily on the midpoint. We always think of the midpoint as the most likely result. We maintain kind of a symmetric range around that midpoint. I wouldn’t read a lot more into it than that. As it relates to the month of April, I would say early in the month it started a little bit slow. It has accelerated through the month and right now I think it would-be fair to characterize it’s -- what we have seen is consistent with our guidance.
Ted Crandall: I would say we were hoping we were going to see something about 5 point higher than that. So maybe like 1.11, 1.12. We missed orders in Solutions and Services on the order of $40 million.
Ted Crandall: Rich, what Keith was giving you is kind of the breakdown of our total sales in oil and gas. I think where you were going is and I would agree, we have a lower percentage of sales in oil and gas and Architecture & Software than we have in Control Products and Solutions.
Ted Crandall: I don’t think any significant change is in the priority. As I mentioned, cash flow is running a little stronger this year than we originally projected. We are running ahead of pace on repurchases. I suspect that’s going to continue.
Ted Crandall: Every period we’ve got a combination of translation, transaction and re-measurement gains and losses running through that currency number.
Ted Crandall: Well, hedging is part of the transaction. But in Q2 we saw a very modest margin benefit from currency. Margins were up year over year 270 basis points. The favorable currency effect related to that we think was about 20 basis points. It was not zero, but it wasn’t large.
Ted Crandall: I would say productivity was probably the single largest item in the quarter, although we did get a favorable kiss from both organic sales growth. We have this favorable mix year over year. It’s probably about half a point. On the productivity, we’ve talked about this a little bit in the past. We have a very well established and ongoing productivity program in the company and it includes our strategic sourcing efforts, a continuous focus on improved manufacturing and labor utilization, product and process cost reductions and all of that consistent with implementing lean and six sigma business processes.  In the second half of last year, we stepped up our productivity goals, thinking that we might face more difficult macro conditions this year. And we’ve had success across both segments driving higher productivity, but with particularly strong productivity improvement in Control Products and Solutions. We talked last quarter about restructuring actions in CP&S, in the second half of last year. Those are showing up now as higher margins, particularly in our Solutions and Services business. As I said, we expect this to be above average year for productivity improvement.
Ted Crandall: R&D is up year over year, but I would say the increase right now is relatively modest. That is a timing issue. I think you’re going to see that. That will pick up for us in the second half.
Ted Crandall: I think mix is going to -- it will certainly be less favorable than the first half because we’ll get that traditional significant jump up in solutions and services sales, particularly in Q4. And as we said, we are expecting better growth in solutions and services in the second half. I think we are going to have a little bit of mix headwind, but my expectation is the volume leverage should make up for that.
Ted Crandall: I think you’re absolutely right. Look, if we start to operate in an organic growth mode of 2% to 3%, it will be difficult for us to drive incrementals that are in that 30% to 35% range. And part of the reason it will be difficult is it will be more difficult to drive higher levels of productivity.
Ted Crandall: Yeah, so Jeff I think the first thing I would say is our actual visibility into what exactly is CapEx and OpEx is not great, but the larger declines and the earlier declines we have seen have come more on the solutions and services part of our business than in the product part of our business, which I think would cause us to conclude that so far it has been more about CapEx and not as much about OpEx.
Ted Crandall: That’s correct. Frankly, our guidance last quarter was somewhat colored by a less favorable result in Q1.
