Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Thanks Ian. Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Rockwell Automation's fourth quarter fiscal 2014 earnings release conference call. With me today are Keith Nosbusch, our Chairman and CEO and Ted Crandall our Chief Financial Officer. Our agenda includes opening remarks by Keith that include highlights on the company's performance in the fourth quarter and the full year and then some context around our outlook for fiscal 2015. Then Ted, will provide more details on the results as well as our sales and adjusted earnings per share guidance. As always we'll take questions at the end of Ted's remarks. We expect the call to take about an hour today. Our results were released this morning and the press release and charts have been posted to our website, at www.rockwellautomation.com. Please note both the press release and charts include reconciliations to non-GAAP measures. A webcast of this call is accessible at that website and will be available for replay for the next 30-days. Before we get started, I need to remind you that our comments will include statements related to the expected future results of our company and are, therefore, forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from our forecasted projections due to a wide range of risks and uncertainties that are described in our earnings release and detailed in all of our SEC filings. So with that, I'll turn it over to Keith.
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Great. Thanks Ted. Before we get started, I'd just like to remind you that and ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow up and then if you have another question on a different topic to get back in the queue. So we’d appreciate that. Ian, let's go ahead and take our first caller. 
Rondi Rohr-Dralle: Okay. Well, that concludes today's call. We're going to wrap it up here. So, thanks everybody for joining us. We look forward to seeing bunch of you next week at Automation Fair in Anaheim.
Keith Nosbusch: I think historically it's been a lumpy business and there is not a lot to read into it with a quarter or two of data. I think if you go back to 2012 which Ted referenced, the second half of 2013 was very strong in the solutions business. So I think it's just a matter of the ability to rebuild the backlog particularly in the SSB portion of that business and the medium voltage portion of that business. And right now from a front log standpoint, we still see activity other than some project push-outs and delays because of the commentary that Ted and I talked about with respect to whether its geopolitical or economic uncertainty in some of the regions in particularly Asia Pacific and EMEA. We are still seeing and are still quoting at a – I'll say pre-Q4 rate. So we don't see the indication of one quarter of, quit candidly week book-to-bills that it's telling us anything at this time.
Keith Nosbusch: Well we would expect it to be a neutral, I mean that is our plan. I think the upside would come from the opportunity to see China grow a little faster and drive demand at a higher rate than they have this past year. And the other part would be the conversion of spending from I'll say CapEx to operating spending where they’re trying to drive productivity. And I think there is a lot of emphasis particularly in some of the larger mining companies to now focus on productivity and generating better asset utilization on their existing investment. So, I think that’s the other space that we can look for. But right now we see mining as a neutral next year.
Keith Nosbusch: Well for process for 2015, we expect process to grow mid-to-high single digits. So definitely a better growth rate than this year.
Keith Nosbusch: Well from our position we've been a stronger in the upstream sector over the last couple of years and certainly that plays to more of our strengths in both motor control as well as process control. And what we are seeing now is some of the investments moving to midstream and ultimately downstream. And there in the midstream sector, we do well in some of the transportation and storage facilities. I think one of the weaknesses that we’ve seen is when there is a lot of investment in that midstream petrochemical and chemical market, that's an area where we don’t have a lot of installed base and its also an area that we don’t have the perfect match with our plant-wide optimization strategy and so its much more focused on safety and intelligent motor control there. As we see it move further downstream, and when I meant in that area, I would say that chemical and the bulk chemical and the oil refining areas is what I was talking about. As it continues to move downstream, we think it’s much more suitable, in particular lot of those applications are batch whether it would be specialty or refined chemical and we see that as another opportunity for us. With the current situation of what the pricing levels of oil are, we don’t see a significant change at this time. This is an industry that really invest in the long term and so our two quarters of reduced prices not going to dramatically change a lot of their investment decisions. In fact last throughout 2015 that would be a different situation than what we currently have. And quite frankly oil and gas is one of the better growth verticals in fiscal year 2014. It's still healthy. We see the growth and I think I might have said 2014, I meant 2015, next year we see it as one of our better growth initiatives and we expect it to grow above the company average. So, we still see that as an opportunity for us and an opportunity to expand our share in that vertical.
Keith Nosbusch: No. It's not so much specific verticals, it’s more of just a timing of projects, which can occur in many of the verticals. However, I would say, it's probably more significant in heavy industries where the projects tend to be bigger, they tend to be predicated around resource based pricing, commodity pricing. So I would say those are the ones that are most impacted as opposed to consumer, where they tend to be plant investments that are as significant in magnitude of dollars. So, I would characterize it that way, but any quarter, it could be any one of the industries, it could be metals, mining, oil and gas, pulp and paper, water wastewater, and - I think we mentioned this quarter, that more difficult ones were metals and mining, particularly in EMEA and Asia.
Keith Nosbusch: I don't think that we need to make an acquisition. We constantly look at different acquisitions, process would be an area where we continue to evaluate opportunities and also the rest of the process base, and how can we do more in the entire market. So, I don't see where acquisition is silver bullet here. I think we look at it as how can we continue to grow our domain expertise, how can we build up the resources that we have calling on customers in various geographies and various industries, and various engineering environments. And I think it’s something we can do a lot ourselves and if the right opportunity comes along given that this is an area for growth for us, we'll certainly look at an acquisition to accelerate what we would view as a more organic play at this point in time.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, quite frankly we've had capabilities in all of those areas already. We do have a capability to utilize virtualization for helping customers simplify their plant floor and also to isolate them from some of the changes in software technologies. Cloud is something that quite frankly I think we pioneered in the industry, in particular in remote monitoring applications, and in particular around critical assets. So we feel really good in that. We have a very broad IO portfolio that is able to simplify the customers installation and application and maintenance which is a very big part of this. So, on our technology front, I think we have a very strong story there. And then of course, we continue to have two major differentiators and one would be a plant wide optimization, there is still an awful lot of multi-discipline control that occurs in many of these applications. And we have the ability to have integrated intelligent motor control, which is very key in particular in the heavy industries and those differentiators continue to be very viable against the pure DCS companies. So, I think we continue to be able to demonstrate a value proposition that can give us a competitive differentiation, and a customer value proposition that helps them reduce their business cost. So, as I said, we've been a leader in some of these spaces, and two of those would have been virtualization, which we started a couple of years ago, and then remote asset monitoring and cloud based solutions which is about a year ago, we created that capability. So, I think from a technology standpoint, we feel good. Obviously there is a lot more we need to do and continue to evolve these technologies, but I don't think that we see ourselves at a disadvantage.
Keith Nosbusch: Hey, sounds great. And we'll have people being able to cover all of those areas for you when you're there.
Keith Nosbusch: Well first, the primary focus is on powertrain. So let me talk a little bit about that, and then I can expand to the point that you were making. But certainly fair enough, the benefits to Rockwell Automation is that FANUC is world leader in CNC and in robotics, and industrial robotics. So, we see it as an opportunity to help our mutual customers have a more seamless integrated solution that enables them to provide a safer contemporary work environment, as well as - as we talked now, the Integrated Control and Information Solution to help them do a better job of creating zero downtime, which is something that’s very critical in the powertrain automotive space in their plants today with the way they run them. So we see customer benefits, we see two world leaders providing a best-in-class solution of Integrated Control and Information, and it basically helps faster time to market and reduce total cost of ownership. So, we see great business value for our customers. As far as the expansion of that, I mentioned the robotics area and certainly in some of the consumer products industries and the line applications where you’re doing palletizing and taste packing or other types of material handling applications, we see the integration with robotics as very important, and the ability to do that with an integrated solutions once again creates differentiation and value for customers. So, automotive is the first place where this will create differentiation and then we’ll see it moving to other industries, other verticals, particularly through the robotics side of it, and the CNC is heavy in the machining which is obviously powertrain.
Keith Nosbusch: Well, we expect growth next year. So, I think the challenge for us this past year was in our solution business. We had very good growth in OEMs and with our product portfolio for OEMs, and OEMs now continue to become a bigger portion of our total sales. As far as the solution side of it, I think we see continued slowness in metals because of the overcapacity that's in China today. And we see improvements in oil and gas in China, next year. And I think – and somewhat in mining is hopefully one of the areas that will see an increase, but as far as the visibility, Ted mentioned some of the improvements in October and certainly China had a stronger solutions order month than in Q4. So, some of that was project push-outs that we have been talking about, that in the last call and now this call that we saw in Q4. So, we’re starting to see some of that flow through the pipeline so to speak at this point. So, we obviously with the cycle being extended, which we definitely have seen the order cycle in the solutions business has doubled in the last half year. So we know things have slowed down and so it’s just a matter of when do those break loose, and certainly that’s part of how we characterize the outlook for this year, and I think it was an earlier question that we do see the second half stronger solution sales than we’re going to have in the first half.
Keith Nosbusch: Not really in food and beverage, I think that’s been a little more regional where things have gone up or down, we talked about the strength, Ted mentioned it as far as Q4, there was good strength in China, in particular Latin America, and certainly that's part of the reason we have the OEM growth is because of what's happening there, and food and beverage was the strongest vertical in China in fiscal year 2014. And at the end of the year I think Q4 in Latin America, it was the strongest vertical as well. So, we see food continue to be strong. I think that was reinforced with some of the commentary at Pack Expo this last week in Chicago. I think of the two segments, beverage maybe the one that will be a little weaker as we go through 2015, given some of the changes that's going on in the industry dynamics themselves. But we do see this as an opportunity for us next year.
Keith Nosbusch: From a geographic standpoint, it's probably around 60/40, North America and certainly when I say North America, I would be including Mexico in that. So we’ve got Mexico, we’ve got U.S. and Canada, it’s probably about 60% of our upstream business. And then obviously we’ve done work in China, we do work in the North Sea, and the Middle East, and Brazil. So there is a number of other areas where we have our capabilities, but the largest footprint would be the totality of the North American region.
Keith Nosbusch: No. We haven't seen any changes in that dynamic. What I would say - what we are seeing is with the challenges going on in Russia and Eastern Europe, we are seeing some slowness in the exporting of Germany. And Germany has a lot of business that flows East through Central and Eastern Europe, and into Russia. And I think with the issues there, I would say that's where there’s been some impact with the OEM performance in Europe for us. We still see good shipments back into the U.S., good shipments into the majority of the Asian countries, but that flow into the East as probably been the only area that we've seen a dynamic or I should say a change from what we would be talking about six months ago.
Ted Crandall: Yeah. I mean, assuming the 100% conversion on adjusted income and assuming about $100 million of acquisitions spending, we expect to spend about $470 million next year on repurchases.
Ted Crandall: It would not be unusual to see a decline in margins with a decline in sales, and there's always a sequential decline in sales Q4 to Q1.
Ted Crandall: If you lumped upstream and midstream together our split of business is about 90% upstream, midstream and about 10% downstream.
Ted Crandall: We don't give guidance generally by vertical I think. But I think it would be fair to say we expect oil and gas to be kind of at or above company average next year.
Ted Crandall: I think you've characterized it well. I mean, product businesses like two-thirds of our total business, and we’re seeing good momentum and continuing healthy order trends in the product business. We have a hole in the backlog in the solutions and services business to begin the year. So compared to the average, our loading in the year is going to be a little more back-end weighted than the average. Keith talked about - we don’t think that, that's all in the backlog in Q4 is kind of indicative of fundamental change in the market, rather it's just kind of a lumpiness in that business, in that regard. We're seeing pretty healthy orders performance in the month of October. It's only one month. We don't want to draw conclusions based on that, but it’s somewhat encouraging.
Ted Crandall: No. I wouldn't say that. I would say - I think Keith addressed this, I mean - it was broad, the performance in the fourth quarter in solutions and services – what we saw shortfall was pretty broad across verticals, I would say if anything it was maybe more regional in terms of being weak in Asia and weak in EMEA.
Ted Crandall: We have 5.1% organic growth in 2014, and spending was up about 4%. So relatively in line but a little bit below the organic growth. The midpoint of guidance for 2015, is 4.5%, so little bit lower organic growth, but with roughly the same increase expected in spending, maybe even a little bit more. Okay. And so that's in part - I mean there's a lot of factors that are in that margin including currency. But I would say that’s probably the largest factor that results in a 60 basis point improvement rather than a 90 basis point improvement year-over-year. In terms of where that investment is going, it is not significantly different than what we’ve talked about in the past. The larger share of that is going to increase R&D, and with our focus on continuing to expand the capabilities of the Logix platform, and building on some of the things we’ve talked about around Integrated Control and Information. And then it's also in continuing to extend commercial resources so that we can grow in the targeted industries.
Ted Crandall: I would say the biggest dynamic in terms of the increase from where we were in 2012 and 2013, is – in those years we had some favorable discrete items, some larger favorable discrete items that were recognized that brought down the tax rates. In 2014, we actually had some smaller, unfavorable discrete items, I think the 27% in 2015, it's reasonable to think of as kind of more of a underlying run rate tax rate.
Ted Crandall: And interestingly the dispersion of our - the geographic dispersion of the oil and gas revenue is in a lot different than our total revenue.
Ted Crandall: I think it would be - I think it would be fair to characterize it as what we’re capable of without significant increase borrowings.
