Theodore D. Crandall: Yes. I mean, you might remember in November we talked about that being a $50 million tailwind for the year. And I would say the first quarter was reasonably represented with that full year result.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, no, I would say I talked about this a little bit in my comments, John. But it is basically, going forward, we would expect less favorable mix. We think we’ll have a richer solutions content in sales going forward. We do expect to ramp up spending. And we got a little bit of a slow start in that regard in Q1, so we think it's going to ramp -- likely ramp at a rate that exceeds the sales growth as we go forward. We think we're going to have a less favorable currency result in the future quarters as well. And then the last factor, I think, would be that our merit increase will kick in beginning in January.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, as we talked about -- I think, it was the last earnings call, when we implement that price, we've got a lot of customers who are under contract that renew over the course of the year. So it's kind of a progress through the year in that regard. We were anticipating, realizing about a point, maybe a little bit less than that this year price. I would say we think we're on track with that in the first quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, I think, instead of thinking about conversion margin in the balance of the year, think about total operating margin. And to get back to 18%, given the first quarter performance, would have to be in the high 17s on average, the balance of the year, or close to 18% maybe. And so we've gone through the factors that we think are going to result in lower operating margin in the balance of the year. But all of that being said, starting off with a 19.3% quarter, if anything -- maybe we're likely to do a little bit better in operating margin performance for the year, so about 18% now maybe means a little bit better than 18% instead of a little bit worse than 18%.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, Winnie, I think when we talked about that, it was in reference to our Q2, which would be the first quarter for many -- most of our customers who are on a calendar year. And so it's a little bit early to make the call on whether we're going to see that or not.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, I think we have -- sequentially, we will have to see some incremental growth to each quarter in order to get to that 5% to 9% range. Obviously, it's not a lot of sequential growth at the low end of the range.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, obviously, not because we left the guidance as it is. I mean, we have gone through at the end of January our normal process of debriefing the sales organization and kind of doing our assessment on each of the regional markets and each of the vertical markets. And right now, all that we are hearing leads us to believe that, that sales guidance is still appropriate.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, I think what we do in terms of specifically share repurchase or even dividend in the balance of the year is going to be partly based on what we are doing in terms of acquisitions and what we see on operating cash flows. But I think the expectations we set in November around share repurchase for the year -- we believe that's still a very appropriate level, given what we're expecting in cash flow for the year.
Theodore D. Crandall: Yes, I mean, I think in November, we were expecting solutions growth to outpace product growth in the year maybe by 1 point. I think as we look at it now, we think it might be more like a couple to 3 points.
Theodore D. Crandall: This is -- we're having this discussion in the last couple of quarters. There's nothing that we saw either in the order trends in the quarter or that we heard when we debrief the sales organization that would lead us to believe there was a significant impact in the quarter.
Theodore D. Crandall: Well, I mean, actually, I think what I was trying to make clear was I think the result we got in currency this quarter was unusually favorable. I would say typically, what I'd expect to see on the drop from sales to earnings related to currency translation is a conversion of about 15% to 20%. So to the extent that our underlying conversion is higher than that, you're right, that would help conversion margin a little bit. But the other point I want to make is that currency impact can just be very variable quarter-to-quarter.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Yes. With respect to Europe, we would expect Europe to basically be flat to slightly down as the year progresses based upon just what you commented on and that's the economic environment there. Certainly, we benefited in the exporting parts of the economy, which are still strong in Europe, and that is a plus for Rockwell Automation. So that's -- we do see the slowing. We expect it to slow as the year progresses. And that's what is baked into our guidance.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean, I think, we're always worried about price-based competition. That's basically -- the fundamental strategy of Rockwell Automation is value-based selling, and that may become a little more difficult. But it's the total cost of ownership that we focus on. And of that, the acquisition price is the smallest piece. So we continue to focus on differentiation, and that's driven by the innovation that we have in our technology and our differentiation in our go-to-market -- market access model. So it's always there. It's real, but we think with the innovation and the differentiation, that we can offset the natural tendency for just having a competition on price.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, the U.S. was strong, and we certainly think that at this point in the recovery, 8% year-over-year growth is very solid performance. We believe that MRO spending and medium and small project spending remain strong. There is also a continued strength of the OEM business here and their backlog continues to be strong, although limited in duration, but still continues to be operating at a reasonably high level. And we're also seeing some strength in the heavy industries, oil and gas, in particular, and a little bit, although it's a small market today, pulp and paper, has a little bit of strength in it. And transportation continues to remain strong, and we believe that will be a strong market throughout the year. And I think you're seeing that in some of the commentary, particularly around the investments, that General Motors is planning to make over the short to mid-term.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I don't think we have a specific auto number. I would say it was probably slightly better than the same quarter of last year, and that's just based upon looking at the number of projects and the wins that we had previously. So at this point, I think auto is probably a net positive on a year-over-year basis.
Keith D. Nosbusch: [indiscernible] about that rate that you identified. And unfortunately, the automotive is one of the examples of the definition of uneven. And that plays out mixed over the year. And each quarter is just that, a quarter, but we certainly are optimistic about the industry. And the timing is always something that is very difficult to call in the automotive sector.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, the majority of the driver of that was stronger controller sales and weaker, or I should say, lower motion sales. And that's something that really worked against us the first couple of quarters of last year. And this year, with the introduction of some of the new controllers and the expansion, some of the geographic expansion, we're driving a little higher growth. And with OEMs starting -- not starting -- at a saturation level, we're not seeing quite a strong a growth in motion as we did at the earlier point in the recovery. So it's really simply within the controller software area of the business versus more of the product -- heavy electrical product side of the segment. So...
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, a couple of things, the continued expansion of the applications that we can address with the platform. So as we talked at the fair, the evolution of PlantPAx 2.0, and that is starting to now be utilized more and more in projects and in applications. So the expansion of applications, the continued buildout of our capabilities in each region with our sales organization and our solutions organization and the capabilities that we've developed with our partners, additional system integrators that are using the products in there to meet their customer needs as well. So I would say the continued expansion of the product capabilities and functionality, the maturing of our sales organization and the execution of the sales organization and then further expansion of our partners, and then as we have talked, meeting system integrators, and then as we have talked, we continue to work with other partners such as E&H with the capabilities in instrumentation, and that combination creates the opportunity in addition to replacing legacy DCS systems which continues to be a opportunity for us, given the age of that installed base and the growing capabilities of our platform.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Sure. Well, as we said, and as you commented, China was a tough comparison in particular in the quarter because of the 40% growth that we had last year. And so what we're seeing there is -- let me just start with some of the macroeconomic to just characterize it a little bit. The PMI there, which is a sentiment indicator, over the last quarter and a little over a quarter has been hovering right around 50%, which means basically limited growth. And so I think what we're seeing is we're now starting to feel the reflection of that indice [ph]. And certainly, that's something that we've talked about, and obviously, what else is going on there is a little bit of a tightening of the fiscal and monetary policies that are create -- that have a negative impact on growth. And now we see the government talking about changing that around to reignite their industry. So we continue to see good strength in the automotive sector. We continue to see positive OEM business in China. And certainly, oil and gas is a growth area going forward. So I would say it's a combination of some of their activities in transportation and then a few of the more heavy industries are well. But we're also seeing a slowdown in some of the government specter, government spending areas, the infrastructure, and some of the metals and cements. So in some of those areas, less optimism, but continued strength in some of the core areas for Rockwell, which is why we believe the remainder of the year will drive growth in China and in emerging Asia.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think mid-teens will be difficult now. I think we're talking now probably high-single digits, low-double digits would be what our expectation is at this point given our Q1 performance and the ability to ramp up. We have very good solutions orders, but those will take a while to move through the system. So it'll be hard to get all of that into the remainder of this year. So we think high-single, low-double digit is what we have baked into our guidance for China.
Keith D. Nosbusch: I think our products businesses have been reasonably stable and typical for the period. And what I mean by that is, obviously, there's the typical slowdowns as we exit the month of December. And we didn't see anything unusual in that regard. And I would say they're operating as we would have expected and no surprises at this point in time.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean, coming into the year, we were expecting to get at least enough shares to offset dilution from equity-based compensation. I think, we believe we're still on that track. Q1 obviously is a slow start for us. But in part, that was because we knew we had the large pension contributions plus the payout of incentive comp and it was going to be a relatively negative cash flow quarter, and so we just went a little bit slower at the start of the year. But I would say we're still on track generally for repurchases that we were expecting coming into the year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I think there's a lot of factors in Asia that are playing out. And I certainly don't believe the exporting power of Europe and Germany is core to the, I think, the bigger issues inside of particularly emerging Asia, which really boils down to inflation and tightening of the money supply or I should say, raising interest rates. I think they've managed to slow growth, and I think that was the strategy. And they've been successful. And now their concern is perhaps they went too far. And I think at least we're hearing the conversations of more stimulus and more government intervention, particularly in China, less so in India, but it's a similar situation. So I think it's more of those financial and economic areas that are impacting emerging Asia at this point in time. And then your other question was with respect to market share. We do believe we are growing share in the machine OEM market in Europe. And I think our growth in both our controllers and our motion platforms, as well as the continued expansion of our customer base there, is a positive sign of that, and basically, a continuation of the strategy that we started a couple of years ago. And our team in Europe is executing very well in that regard.
Keith D. Nosbusch: No, we have not seen pushouts anywhere in the globe at this point in time. My comment about Asia was strictly given that the orders came in, in the first quarter, they would not all be shipped within our fiscal year, and that would be a normal cycle. So nothing unusual was intended for my commentary other than a typical -- some projects are within 6 to 9 months, others are 12 to 18, and they tend to flow greater than just 1 fiscal year, particularly when you get them in that fiscal year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: We would define it as customers are still talking about opportunities. They're still talking about projects. They're still looking for quotations. We have not seen a change in, I'll call it the presales activity, whether it be in our project or our product businesses. So -- and I think that goes back to Ted's comment that he made about the normal quarterly reviews that we do. There was really nothing that said danger on the horizon. We're going to go off a cliff, obviously, cautious, which is typical at the start of a new calendar year for many of our customers. And I think that's certainly something that we'll stay close to. But all of that analysis is what went into us reaffirming our guidance for the year.
Keith D. Nosbusch: Well, I mean, I don't know exactly how that will all be integrated into their activities. But what I can say is we've made a very conscious decision to work with the leading Chinese auto manufacturers and it’s core to our automotive strategy in Europe -- in China. And we certainly expect -- and we already are doing business with the leading indigenous manufacturers. So we don't see that as a fundamental change in the way we've been operating or expect to be able to be successful with the leading Chinese car manufacturers. So...
