Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. I'm pleased with our results for the quarter. As we expected, organic growth was above 7% with growth across a very broad range of industries. From a vertical perspective, consumer and heavy industries performed well, both growing above the company average in the quarter. Consumer growth was led by food and beverage and life sciences. While heavy industries growth was led by mining and semiconductor. Within transportation, automotive was down 10% in the quarter, weaker than expected and tire was up high single digits. In the quarter, Logix grew 7% organically and Process grew 11%, demonstrating our continuing progress in this key initiative. Commenting on regional performance in the quarter, the U.S. grew almost 8% organically, despite softness in automotive. We saw very good growth across a wide range of industries. EMEA was about flat in the quarter with growth in consumer verticals offset by continued weakness in automotive. Asia grew about 10% with China sales up double-digits. Latin America sales were up over 20% with most countries in the region contributing to growth. I'll make a few additional comments about our Q4 results. Adjusted EPS was up 25% and free cash flow was very strong. Importantly, we finished the year with healthy backlog. Moving to the full-year. Fiscal 2018 was an important year for Rockwell Automation, marked by strong operating and financial performance, as well as actions that set the stage for our continued success. First, some highlights of our financial performance. Our diverse industry exposure enabled us to deliver 5.5% organic growth, even though one of our larger verticals was down 10%. Following growth of over 20% in fiscal 2017, automotive was down year-over-year, but we continue to gain share in this market, both in traditional and electric vehicles. Heavy industries was the largest growth driver this year, with almost all verticals contributing. We saw particularly strong performance in semiconductor, mining and metals. Consumer verticals grew at about the company average, led by food and beverage and life sciences. We are executing well on our key initiatives. Revenues from Information Solutions and Connected Services, which represent new value from The Connected Enterprise, profitably grew double-digits for the year, reaching $300 million. Logix grew 7% in 2018 and Process grew double-digits. Our segment operating margin expanded, adjusted EPS was up 20% year-over-year. And we had another good year of free cash flow conversion. Patrick will elaborate on our fourth quarter and full-year financial performance in his remarks. We had several other key accomplishments this year, including our partnership with PTC, which will accelerate future growth. In the wake of U.S. tax reform, we significantly increased our capital deployment to deliver long-term shareowner value. In fiscal 2018, we made $1 billion equity investment in PTC. We repurchased $1.5 billion worth of our shares, and we increased the dividend twice during the fiscal year. Each increase was 10%. We continue to invest for the long-term success of our company, customers and our employees. Let's move on now to the macro environment and our outlook for full-year fiscal 2019. While global trade tensions create uncertainty, we have not seen an impact on customer demand as industrial companies continue to focus on productivity. Internally, we are taking actions that are expected to mitigate the impact of tariffs on our operations. Macroeconomic indicators remain favorable across most geographies, with PMI metrics above 50 and continued industrial production growth. Economic growth in the U.S., our largest market is strong. We have balanced exposure across a broad range of industries, and we expect heavy industries and consumer verticals to continue to be the strongest growth drivers. Taking into account, what we know about the macro environment, our industry outlook, our backlog and what we are hearing from our customers. We are expecting another good year of growth and financial performance in fiscal 2019. We expect our fiscal 2019 organic sales to be up 5.2% year-over-year, at midpoint of guidance. This growth rate includes a 30 basis point expected headwind from our adoption of the new revenue recognition standard in fiscal 2019. Currency is expected to reduce growth by about one percentage point. Including the impact of currency and the new revenue recognition standard, our fiscal 2019 guidance is sales of about $7 billion and adjusted EPS of $8.85 to $9.25. Now I'll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail around our Q4 and full-year results and our 2019 sales and earnings guidance.
Blake Moret: So, Peter, the Process business is really a nice balance of project as well as more flow business. And remember for us a big project is in the mid-single digit millions of dollars, so very little of what we do is truly mega projects. It's distributed across a good balance of industries. So, while we had good growth in oil and gas in the U.S., we also saw significant growth in orders in mining, especially in Latin America that will result in shipments during fiscal year 2019. But it's really a balance of both projects that we've talked about in the past like NioCorp and Codelco as well as flow business, where we might be providing Control Products that are integrated by someone else into well head and other applications.
Blake Moret: So, we're really happy with the growth in Latin America. I think it's been a pretty consistent story for us and complementing the strong growth in mining, we also saw a consumer growth. It was one of the regions that we actually saw some growth in transportation in Latin America as well. Within the mining vertical, most of that is upgrades to existing mines. So, these aren't brand-new operations. In the case of Codelco, this was providing a supervisory control and data acquisition system with a good deal of services to make sure that the data transfer from the mine to a central control room was done securely, but it was an existing mine that that upgrade was being performed at.
Blake Moret: Hey. I think it's helpful to look at our general automotive business as having a few components. So, obviously, the ongoing MRO business from an installed base, particularly in the Americas, is an important part of that. We did see a softer than expected result from that in the last quarter. The other piece is the EV and power transmission business, which remains at around $100 million for us. And then third is the programs in traditional internal combustion engines. And for new project activity, for IC engines as well as EV, there continues to be a lot of vigorous activity. In most cases, these are delays, but there's still the expectation that we're going to see those programs in 2019 and beyond.
Blake Moret: Sure. Scott, I'll talk about a couple of recent successes that have resulted in orders, subscription-based orders that we don't think we would have maximized without the relationship with PTC. To begin with, for a long time our growth has been driven by the automation of basic processes to remove repetitive physical labor in those operations. But we and our customers are recognizing that there's a whole new level of productivity that comes from the Information Solutions, taking the data as a byproduct of those control processes and turning it into insights that allow additional productivity. So, making the workflows more efficient, being able to provide traceability to improve quality, there's a whole host of applications that provide cost savings to our customers. And in the first example, in a major automotive, we have a great position on the plant floor with that customer. But they were also looking at PTC software, because PTC has some good tools. When we came in together and said we're going to combine our knowledge of the plant floor with our software, things like our FactoryTalk Analytics with ThingWorx from PTC, it was game over. And we beat some big competitors to win the pilot for that project, which is going well and we expect that to move into a rollout over the next year. In the second example, in a large mining company, they were looking to create a digital twin for their operations. PTC, again, has a good portfolio of design tools that fit nicely with the real-time control and visualization hardware and software that we're already providing to that mining company, and together we have the most powerful combination in the world. It's that simple.
Blake Moret: Sure. So, at the midpoint of guidance, we're looking for continued growth to be driven by heavy industries as well as consumer. And in consumer, food and beverage and life sciences are the largest contributors of that. At the midpoint, we're expecting a flat automotive vertical, so any growth in automotive would be upside, all other things being equal.
Blake Moret: Happy to. Let me start by saying that Ted's not gone yet, so we continue to benefit from Ted's wise counsel and his involvement. But thanks for asking that, because we've had a couple of leadership changes that we talked about, beginning in June and then most recently in our sales and marketing organization, and they are all about accelerating our ability to bring The Connected Enterprise to life. So, when we moved Frank to Control Products & Solutions, it was to recognize the growing importance of combining the technology and the expertise, and as you know CP&S has a high component of services and solutions, which are going to be critical to ensure positive customer outcomes as we deploy our technology. We also created a Connected Enterprise consulting function led by Bob Murphy, who previously have been running a worldwide operations, brings unmatched credibility when talking to customers to help them better define their business problems. Most recently, in the sales and marketing changes, we provided additional focus to our most strategic enterprise accounts as well as our largest investment, which is, of course, PTC by dedicating a member of my staff to growing in those areas. And we also recognized, the continuing importance of growing share in Europe and Asia. And so, our sales leader who has responsibility for the marketing as well as the regional selling functions is going to remain based in Brussels. And I think it's important for me to begin to globalize my team, so that we get that perspective from the needs of customers around the world.
Blake Moret: Well, deeper in the organization, we've made sure that in addition to the selling focus that I talked about, we're also taking care of the back office and so that's creating the necessary IT infrastructure, so that we take subscriptions at a higher rate than we have in the past. That's obviously important to decrease the susceptibility of our business to economic swings over time. That's going quite well to have a subscription portal in place, it's making sure that we have the right delivery resources within our Solutions business, to ensure that when a customer needs help in applying the software that we have experienced people ready to go. And they are, in fact, involved in some of those early engagements, I mentioned to Scott's question. It's also the converged roadmap for the information software technology to make sure that ThingWorx and our FactoryTalk Analytics and our MES offerings, fit together really well and are simpler for our customers to deploy than any other alternatives that they might have.
Blake Moret: It's really both, John. I mean, we were already investing a significant amount in the information software, prior to this, with MES, with FactoryTalk Analytics and so on. This allows us to continue at a similar rate of investment, but then getting the benefit of the considerable investments that PTC has and continues to make in the IoT area. So, it's both.
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, it's a nice combination. I mean there are somewhere close to 100 startups that we're engaging with for cars and trucks and other vehicles in the space. And as you said, not all of them are going to make it. But there's also what the established brand owners are doing, and we have heavy involvement there. And then it's the suppliers. So, the powertrain suppliers are a mix and many of these are established companies, but they may not be companies that we were working with as much in the past. And when we re-entered the powertrain space, we became familiar to them again. And as we've talked about the basic manufacturing process for an EV powertrain is, we have a higher readiness to serve there than we do in the traditional IT side. So, it's quite a nice opportunity for us with some of those traditional players as well.
Blake Moret: People around the world, as more people are entering, the middle-class people are still looking for a wider choice in what they need, flexible packaging and quick changeover to different packaging styles, to maximize shelf space. Those are still some of the key focus areas for the machinery builders as well as the users as well. One of the important innovations in that space that relates to the ability to quickly change different packaging styles is the Independent Cart Technology that we launched over the last couple of years, and if you go to PACK EXPO most recently, and Interpack, you'll see almost every major supplier showcasing that technology, and we're right in the middle of that. I would also say, now that a lot of the big multinational food companies have addressed some of their cost issues, expansion and growth becomes a little bit more of the focus for them. But in either case, they're looking for doing that as quickly and as productively as possible. And so, we're right there with them, the consumer, and particularly, food and beverage companies are some of the earliest adopters of this whole Connected Enterprise concept of integrating control and information to get that next level of productivity.
Blake Moret: So, within Logix, we continue to see really good growth of our mid-range offering with CompactLogix. But you also see at the upper end of the Logix range, particularly in heavy industries, you see the ControlLogix sales encouraging as well. And as I mentioned before, we continue to invest in a very contemporary platform, we have been showing a new processor at Automation Fair, which I think – I think you'll find interesting as well.
Blake Moret: Nigel, I'm just going to add, one additional thing is the Information Solutions and Connected Services fit really well with Logix. One doesn't replace the other, the Logix creates the data and aggregates the data that come from the basic control processes that feed those Information Solutions and provide the opportunity for those higher value services. So, they really – they fit together well and they're both fundamental parts of The Connected Enterprise value proposition.
Blake Moret: Yeah. I think I'd start with backlog. So, backlog in Solutions and Services is up double-digits so that's a nice start to the growth. And what orders we have seen with some previous strong Q2 and Q3 book-to-bill have built that.
Blake Moret: Yeah, we continue to see good opportunities in the U.S. and that's coming of course from the basic metrics that continue to be strong. What we're hearing from customers, the industry outlook as well. I mentioned before that oil and gas is strongest in the U.S., as we look around the world. We talked earlier in the year about even mining activity and so that heavy industries growth as well as the continuing expansion of consumer led by food and beverage and life sciences are important signs for the future. And we continue to think that we're taking share. We have a great position in the U.S. Good products, good market access and we think that, that march is continuing.
Blake Moret: I would also add that, while it's a smaller vertical for us, life sciences continues to be strong in Europe, and that's an area where I mentioned before the Independent Cart Technology for single use, pharmaceuticals as well as the MES system, so that we have a very strong position and help us there with some of the new value from The Connected Enterprise.
Blake Moret: So just to summarize, fiscal 2018 was a very good year with growth in key areas for us. We delivered strong operating and financial performance, we had several important strategic accomplishments this year, and we're looking forward to another good year in 2019.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. The way you can think about that, the 35% is the reported earnings conversion. Bonus gives us a tailwind of about 5 points, but then we talked a little about tariffs, we get revenue, but not necessarily earnings. And this gets us back to core conversion of about 35%.
Patrick Goris: Nigel, also for full-year 2018, Logix was up about 7%, which is a couple of points, above the A&S average. And for 2019, we expect Logix to be a little bit above the A&S average as well.
Patrick Goris: Yes. Nigel, we'll talk a bit more about that next week, but the way you can think about it is, we end this fiscal 2018 with about $0.7 billion of net debt. We think by the end of fiscal 2019 that will be about $1.7 billion. And so, the way we'll get there is, we'll expect to reduce our cash and investment balance, which was $1.1 billion at year end, to close to about $0.5 billion. And at the same time, total debt will increase by about $400 million that's what we target now.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. What I mentioned Nigel is that in the first quarter, we don't expect EPS growth and you mentioned two of the elements, but the main element will actually be the timing of our spending, the investment spending. Q1 last year was particularly like, we had really high segment margin. And as we released (46:54) some investments in fiscal 2018, the year-over-year increase in our first quarter of 2019 will be the largest of the year from a spend perspective. So, there really – the tailwinds in the first quarter, of course, we expect some organic growth. There is a tailwind from some lower share count, but there are three main, I'd say, headwinds for the first quarter. The first one we just talked about, the investments that will be the largest one. Then the second one is the impact of ASC 606, which will be mostly impacting the first quarter. And then lastly, the timing of the pricing on the tariffs. And so, we think the net of that means that we won't see EPS growth in the first quarter.
Patrick Goris: So, what we – basically the spend increase in 2018 was in line what we have shared with you. The fiscal 2019, I mentioned earnings conversion of about 35%. That embeds spending growth at a little bit lower of a rate than our organic growth. And so, think about that 3.5% to 4% spending growth in fiscal 2019. And again, the biggest increase will be in the first quarter. It will be significantly more than that in the first quarter.
Patrick Goris: Julian, maybe one – maybe just one other thing, related to spending. We do expect to increase R&D again faster than our other spend in fiscal 2019. And so, you saw our R&D as percent of sales pick up in fiscal 2018. Our current projections are that will again increase in fiscal 2019. So, our priorities for spend, R&D and then some of the commercial investments that Blake was also referring to including, related to PTC.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So, fiscal 2018 was actually a good year for us in China. We were up double-digits for the year. But fiscal 2019, excluding the impact of ASC 606, will be above the average we think in China. So, mid to high single-digits. The ASC 606 revenue rec change impacts Asia and China more than the other regions. So, on a reported basis, we think we're – on an organic basis, we think that China will be up a little below the company average in fiscal 2019, but that includes a headwind of a couple of points, we estimate related to the rev rec change. Again from a vertical perspective, it's pretty broad based, in terms of what we expect for growth next year in China. We see upside in life sciences as we did this year; chemicals, food and beverage, and we think that oil and gas and transportation might be about mid-single digits next year.
Patrick Goris: It will be a ramp with the largest year-over-year benefits in Q3 and Q4 from an EPS growth point of view.
Patrick Goris: We think Europe next year will be low single digits for us. We think that it will be the region with the lowest growth. In terms of the verticals next year in Europe, we don't expect any growth in transportation, but we do expect in some heavy industries, we do expect some growth next year, as we do in consumers. So, low-single digit growth. Automotive is clearly still a headwind rather than a tailwind in that region.
Patrick Goris: So, Andy you think of life sciences and mining being the two verticals in Europe, where we do expect the strongest growth in fiscal 2019.
Patrick Goris: Yes. So, maybe – being a little bit into more detail on the $90 million. As I said, we expect to offset half with supply chain alternatives and negotiations with vendors. Of that, I'd say that two-thirds is in the execution phase now, one-third of that is in, I'd say, the planning phase. Then the other half of the gross impact of the tariffs is addressed by selective price increases on the top – on the products that are impacted by the tariffs. The price increase has gone into effect October 21 and the second one will get into effect – will come into effect in a couple of weeks, that's why we're saying that there's a little timing from a Q1 perspective; although for the full-year, we expect to be neutral. I'd also add that the gross impact on the tariffs, it's only maybe 20% of that is related to our own manufacturing. The balance is with what we buy from vendors, whether they are components or whether they are some branded products.
Patrick Goris: I'll stick to my earlier comment that most of the EPS growth will be in the second half of the year, and 2Q will be around.
