Blake Moret: Thanks Steve. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. Our results for the quarter reflect profitable growth in all regions led by strong process industry performance. We saw accelerating growth in Information Solutions and Connected Services reflecting adoption of the Connected Enterprise. Our growth was tempered by weaker than expected automotive sales which were down about 20% year-over-year. This impacted our product sales in the quarter, particularly in North America. In this region, we saw a strong product growth in January. February was weak with orders picking up in late March. Globally, organic sales were up 3.6%. From a vertical perspective, growth was once again led by Heavy Industries which grew high-single-digits and Consumer which grew mid-single-digits. Heavy Industries' growth was led by oil and gas, pulp and paper, and mining. Oil and gas grew double-digits. In Consumer, Life Sciences was very strong. I already mentioned Automotive, but within Transportation, Tire grew nicely up double-digits. Our KPI for process sales grew 10% organically. The weakness in automotive drove the 2% decline in logics. Commenting on regional performance in the quarter. North America, which for us is the combination of the U.S. and Canada, grew 2% organically. While Automotive weakness significantly impacted the overall growth rate for this region, growth was broad-based across a wide range of industries. In pulp and paper, we won a significant process and power control order this quarter with Green Bay Packaging. EMEA was up over 5% in the quarter led by Consumer and Tire. Asia grew about 4% led by Heavy Industries and Automotive. China grew 6.5%. Latin America sales were up 13% led by Heavy Industries. I'll make a few additional comments about our Q2 results. Adjusted EPS was up 8% and segment operating margin expanded 40 basis points year-over-year. Book-to-bill performance for our Solutions and Services businesses was 1.09 in Q2. Backlog remains high. Patrick will elaborate on our second quarter financial performance in his remarks. Let's move on now to guidance for full year fiscal 2019. Forecast continue to call for industrial production growth. We continue to see broad-based growth with strong financial performance. However, given the weakness in Automotive, we are reducing the high end of our guidance range for organic sales growth and adjusted EPS. We expect our fiscal 2019 organic sales to be up 4.5% year-over-year at mid-oint of guidance. Currency is now expected to reduce growth by two percentage points. Including the revised impact of currency, our fiscal 2019 guidance is sales of about $6.8 billion. Mid-point of the updated adjusted EPS guidance range is now $9 compared to $9.05 in previous guidance. As Patrick will discuss in a few minutes, this guidance does not include the impacts of the Sensia joint venture. Moving onto slide four. I'll provide an update on two recent strategic investments to increase long-term value for our customers and share owners. Our strategic partnership with PTC is progressing well. We're winning profitable new business across all focus industries and geographies and some of our engagements are expanding to multisite rollouts. Even in Automotive where overall spending is down, customers are excited about our FactoryTalk InnovationSuite. Recently, Ford decided to expand this new offering to additional locations. Another customer, ECARX, an affiliate of Geely Auto Group, chose the FactoryTalk InnovationSuite to improve production management and quality. In Consumer, Rockwell Automation is partnering with Stanley Black & Decker to bring the Connected Enterprise to life through their Manufactory 4.0 digital manufacturing division. As shown on the right side of this slide, in February, we announced that we will be forming the Sensia joint venture with Schlumberger, creating the oil and gas industry's first fully integrated automation solutions provider for the digital oilfield. The announcement has been well received by target customers. Activities to form the joint venture are well underway. Now, I'll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail around our Q2 results and our 2019 sales and earnings guidance.
Blake Moret: So Auto was up mid-single digits in China for us. I don't know the split of EV versus traditional internal combustion projects other than to say it would be a higher weighting towards EV than in other parts of the world. And then in terms of the spend in the cycle for robotics, a lot of it has to do when our orders are released to the tooling suppliers and then when they decide to enter the orders to us, but I don't know that there's going to be a strict sequence when the robot orders are placed and when orders are placed for our products.
Blake Moret: Yeah. John I'll make a couple of comments and then Patrick will add a little bit. So we mentioned that we were down in the quarter around 20% in Auto and we're expecting the full year to be down about 10%. We do have line of sight for some projects that have already started to make purchases. We expect some of that will show up in the year. And with that Patrick maybe some additional comment.
Blake Moret: Yeah. It's a double-digit profitable growth. When you look at the digital oilfield markets, which is already over $5 billion, we believe the market itself is growing double digits. So we, obviously, expect to grow above the market. And so it is a very simply profitable growth in the upstream oil and gas business. From a financial target point of view, John we talked about one. We expect to achieve our financial criteria through acquisition so 10% free cash flow yield in year’s three to five. The other thing is for fiscal 2019, assuming a close at the end of this fiscal year, which is not completely in our control given the regulatory approvals, we expect $0.05 EPS headwind. For fiscal 20, we expect it to be above EPS neutral including about $0.10 of fees and intangible amortization
Blake Moret: Yeah. We continue to see, oil and gas activity continues strong. We had double-digit growth in the quarter. And as you know, we're a little bit heavier exposed on the upstream and midstream. So we think it's a good time for Sensia. Besides, oil and gas and process, I mentioned in my prepared remarks about Green Bay Packaging. That was a significant paper machine project with all the ancillary equipment that'll be worth over $10 million to us. So we are seeing CapEx spend in different parts of the process market.
Blake Moret: So when we look at the other, let's say clusters of more discrete industries than Consumer. We continue to see good growth there. There is a mix of discrete and process applications there. But through the year I mentioned just a few minutes ago about the big project in pharma, Life Sciences continues to be a very strong growth vertical for us. And there's growth in other parts of Consumer as well. We also mentioned that Tire was a bright spot in this quarter. Tire is a great fit for our offering, because it has elements of process as well as discrete. And Tire is strong in the worldwide picture as well.
Blake Moret: After a couple of years of strong double-digit growth semiconductor has moderated. We continue to participate in projects largely around the environmental control a lot of software-based projects, but we have seen a moderation in semi.
Blake Moret: We are seeing that. And while in terms of showing up as revenue, it's still early given the subscription nature of these. It allows us to have richer conversations with customers across really all of our target industries and in multiple geographies. And so PTC's offering, whether it's the ThingWorx or the Kepware or even the Vuforia augmented reality those add to our portfolio. And in addition to the offerings that we internally have been working on the analytics and so on it allows us to bring what is really the industry-leading portfolio to these customers. And the best proof is what customers are buying. Customers who've had exposure to all of our competitors, our traditional competitors, new competitors are picking us, because our offering and our focus on outcomes is carrying the day. And I would say, it's not just a traditional decision-makers that we're talking to. CIOs are in these discussions. CFOs. In some cases, we're seeing people leading the IoT programs, if these customers actually report to the CFOs and we're happy to have those discussions, because of our focus on business outcomes.
Blake Moret: Sure. So first of all book-to-bill in the quarter for Solutions and Services was 1.09 and so we thought that that would help for the second quarter. And we believe that the quarter does point to success and increasing our exposure to additional industries some of which are traditionally looked at as more life cycle. So we talk about strength in oil and gas and in mining. We see even in some of the more traditionally short cycle businesses adding the new value through the Information Solutions and Connected Services. Taken together they really are part of our very deliberate attempt to find more ways to win and to increase recurring revenue because in each of these areas there's a high component of subscription-based software and recurring service revenue.
Blake Moret: Yes. So, in Heavy Industries, it would be the continued strong growth in Heavy Industries through the year that takes us to that high end and then Automotive meeting the expectations that we talked about earlier.
Blake Moret: We think we've taken a realistic approach to Automotive as were factored in the guidance for the year.
Blake Moret: Sure. So, Rob you may have heard last night when PTC announced they talked about good bookings growth in IoT and satisfaction probably more than satisfaction with the relationship and we agree with that. We're seeing good success. We've had -- this really energized our salesforce with 1,500 people in the organization trying on the PTC products and how they add to the overall solution. And the best proof is that customers in all industries and in all geographies are voting with their wallets that this is a great solution. So, we think it's going well. It speaks well to the future and the additional value that we can provide from financial standpoint. This contributes to our ability to more than double the $300 million of Information Solutions and Connected Services business that we had last year. In 2022, that's profitable growth with a high element of recurrent revenue from subscriptions and services. So, we're very happy with the progress of the relationship.
Blake Moret: I'll make a couple of comments and then Patrick might have some as well. As we mentioned, in EMEA, the growth was led by consumer. And tire was especially strong. As I mentioned before tire is a good industry for us and a lot of the tire builders are in Europe and there was some significant purchases that contributed to those results.
Blake Moret: Sure. Well, we are seeing acceleration and its strong double-digit growth in the quarter which is helped by the PTC relationship complementing our own internally developed offerings. I think the biggest factor towards the growth of our business and really of the whole market is the ability to deliver positive business outcomes. So, you have to start with the ability to quantify what savings you're providing for that customers. Everything else is really just talk. And so by focusing on helping those customers get to market faster being able to increase the OE with operational productivity, the predictive maintenance, we understand those areas and the specific ways that we can help in our target industries. And so payback periods of less than a year should be realistic as company invest in that first pilot, quantifies, the results and then moves on to multisite rollouts. I would also mention that, our success has been putting the software and the services on top of a wide variety of control systems. In some cases, some part of our logic space systems. Other times, it's on top of the competitors, where we'd come in and added that new value. So it's an exciting area for us to be.
Blake Moret: Sure. In general, it's going to be around the Rockwell average. And so the software is very profitable. When there's the delivery that's more labor-intensive that's going to be a little bit below our average. But regardless of whether we're providing the logics and the drives and so on along with the software and the services, just like bucket the Information Solutions and Connected Services has profitability about the Rockwell average and it has a higher degree of recurring revenue than the Rockwell average.
Blake Moret: Yes, Scott. So the way you can think about this whereas Q2 was down about 20% year-over-year, it was pretty much flat compared to our first quarter. And so for the balance of the year, we expect Automotive in Q3 and Q4 to be slightly up low-single-digits related to some of the larger projects that we know are in flight. And so, call it, flattish to slightly up for the balance of the year. From a year-over-year point of view, we still expect Auto to be down, just not as much as 20% year-over-year in Q3 and Q4.
Blake Moret: Right. So, we've mentioned before that in process, we continue to see CapEx being released, and it's reflected in some of the projects that we're talking about. We talked previously in Life Sciences, Pfizer. Today we talked a little bit about Lonza in Europe. Green Bay packaging was $0.5 billion CapEx project, in which we're playing a major role here in the U.S. In Automotive, I mentioned that the CapEx that they are releasing has contenders for the uses of that CapEx with some of the electric vehicle, autonomous vehicle development in addition to capacity moves and model changes, and that has resulted in some of the delays of the projects in Auto. Our machinery builders and consumer continue to report healthy backlogs in their business, particularly in food and beverage. I mentioned Life Sciences. And so in general, there remains growth and there remains spending across the broad base of industries, automotive being a bit of the outlier particularly in North America.
Blake Moret: So just to summarize, we delivered 8% adjusted EPS growth driven by top line growth in all regions and in key verticals other than Automotive. Two of our larger strategic investments, PTC and Sensia are progressing well. We are accelerating the execution of our strategy. I'm very encouraged to see employees and partners embrace our new ways to win, expanding value for customers and share owners.
A – Blake Moret: So continuing the theme that we've talked about in the past few quarters, Heavy Industries continues to be strong and Heavy Industries are biased towards process application. So we had a really strong quarter in oil and gas. Mining continues strong due in part to high backlog that we entered the year with. And within those, we're seeing a mix of both capital projects as well as ongoing small projects and servicing the installed base. I mention as well in my prepared remarks, I've talked about Information Solutions and Connected Services growth accelerating and there was a fair part of that that was in process industries. So for instance, we received our largest ever MES order at the European Pharma Company Lonza and that is encouraging because it's new value in these process applications.
A – Blake Moret: Yes. We're already seeing the very front end of what we do expect to be increased spend for CapEx in EV. It's still a small part of our overall total in Auto, but EV is set to double this year for us. It's just that it's -- we'll see some of that in the balance of this fiscal year and then we do see continued increases into '20. I think within the given CapEx spending for the general auto market, the capacity and the model changes have to contend with spending at the brand owners for investment in EV and autonomous vehicles. So they're new contenders for that CapEx spend regardless of the size of it.
A – Blake Moret: So we did have a reasonably strong quarter in China with 6.5% growth. That included a growth in automotive. And I think one of the reasons for that is China, the percentage of investment in EV is probably a little bit ahead in some of the other markets. And as we've talked about, we have a really good readiness to serve in the EV portion of the auto market. So I think that was part of it. We've also heard that some of the stimulus spending in China has helped prompt growth in metro and water projects and those are both good industries for us as well.
Patrick Goris: We don't expect year-over-year growth in any quarter Q3 or Q4 in Automotive, John. Sequentially we expect Q3 and Q4 to pick up just a little bit low single-digit. Flat to slightly up and that refers to some of the larger projects that we know are in flight that Blake was referring to.
Patrick Goris: There are setup costs and deal fees and transaction fees associated with that in fiscal 2019. And if we close it by the end of this fiscal year, we would see some of the setup costs but wouldn't see any of the revenue that comes with the JV.
Patrick Goris: No Jeff. You're right. During the -- during our second quarter, and as Blake mentioned we saw, weakness starting in February. We decided to push out some of our increased spending for the full year. Last year we talked -- last quarter we talked about $70-or-so million. We're thinking about $20 million less, increase for the full year. This is going to be focused on lower discretionary spend. We're protecting, our most important investments of course. And of that $50 million $55 million increase we're talking about now we still expect about two-thirds of that we would have seen in the first half of the year. So we've seen most of the call it ramp up and spend.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So Julian for the second half of the year, we expect actually somewhat similar growth rates as we've seen in the second quarter for North America. And so in general we expect continued above-average growth in our Solutions and Services business which are most -- more exposed of course with some of the heavy industries that we're talking about, but our product business is we expected about similar growth rates in Q3, Q4 than what we've seen in the second quarter.
Patrick Goris: Julian there is nothing that we've seen that indicates that inventory moves were of significant impact one way or the other on our quarterly results.
Patrick Goris: So, we think that for EMEA, we think it will be about the company average in terms of organic growth. Yes for the full year. We strengthened in Tire and in Consumer.
Patrick Goris: Sure. For the full year we now expect North America to be a little bit below the company average at the midpoint, EMEA at above the company average, Latin America we expect to be our strongest region, double-digit growth, Asia we expect to be at above the company average, and same for China, above company average for China for the full year.
Patrick Goris: Yes, the way I would answer that question Rob is that our Automotive business would be overweight in Architecture & Software versus Control Products & Solutions. So, the largest impact of Automotive would be on Architecture & Software including logics compared to the Control Products & Solutions segment.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. I would also say the last quarter we said that our backlog looks good and were a little bit higher that we expected some organic growth in the balance of the year which is what we started seeing in the second quarter. So, we expect some modest growth in EMEA for the balance of the year as well.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So, we don't believe that auto has a significant impact on free cash flow other than, of course, a drag on sales that we've been seeing. In terms of our confidence, obviously, we have high confidence. We're going to be able to deliver 100% free cash flow for the year. That's why our guidance remains unchanged compared to the one we provided last quarter. And obviously that guidance is second half weighted.
Patrick Goris: Yes, Scott. So with respect to pricing our overall price realization in the quarter was about 0.5 which is consistent with what we expect for the full year. With respect to changes in the tariffs, we still project to have a neutral impact on our financials. The cost versus what we realized through price and negotiations with vendors, if the 10% on this three does not go to 25 the full year impact or the annual impact of nine headwinds will be closer to 70, 75. But then again it wouldn't have an impact on our overall financials because we're targeting it to be neutral for our fiscal year.
Patrick Goris: No. The way you could think about this is if the $10 million does not go to $25 million there won't be a need for us to be implement another price increase associated with tariffs.
Patrick Goris: Justin, I would say no. There's always some puts and takes that move a little bit, but it's really Auto that was the big mover of all our verticals.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. So there was the modest headwind of mix between Control Products & Solutions. The main driver of the segment margin expansion was strong year-over-year organic sales growth, partially offset by higher spending. Those were really the big movers within that segment.
