Blake Moret: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. I'll start with some key points for the quarter, so please turn to page 3 in the slide deck. This was a very good quarter for us. Organic growth was up almost 6%, above expectations. This included 10% Logix growth and 8% Process growth. From a vertical perspective, heavy industries performed well and grew above the company average in the quarter, led by growth in semiconductor, metals and chemicals. Consumer also grew above the company average, led by strong growth in food and beverage. Automotive was down about 10% in the quarter. Revenue associated with Information Solutions and Connected Services, which represent new value from The Connected Enterprise, once again, grew double-digits. Commenting on regional performance, the U.S., our largest market, grew over 6% organically. We saw very good growth in all industries except transportation. EMEA was up about 1% in the quarter. Good growth in consumer was partially offset by transportation weakness and we have not yet seen a pick-up in heavy industries in this region. Asia grew about 6%. China's sales were up double-digits. Latin America sales were up 11% and growth was broad-based. I'll make a few additional comments about our performance. I'm very pleased with our financial performance in the quarter. Segment operating margin expanded over 1 point to 22.5%. Margins improved in both of our operating segments. Adjusted EPS was up 23% and free cash flow was again very strong. Patrick will elaborate on our third quarter financial performance in his remarks. Let's move on now to the macro environment and our outlook for full year fiscal 2018. Global industrial production and other production indicators remain strong. We are experiencing growth across the regions and industries that we serve. Customers are asking for the value that the Connected Enterprise brings to them as they continue to drive productivity in their operations. Turning to guidance. Taking into consideration our year-to-date results of growing backlog and the macro outlook, we are raising our fiscal 2018 organic sales growth guidance to about 5.5% and continue to expect full year reported sales to be about $6.7 billion. We expect that heavy industries will continue to be the largest growth driver followed by consumer. The tough comps for auto get easier for the balance of the fiscal year. We are increasing our full year adjusted EPS guidance range to $7.90 to $8.10. I'll turn it over to Patrick to provide more detail around our Q3 results and guidance in his remarks.
Blake Moret: So, auto – Rich, our auto spend has been stable for the last few quarters against in particular the last two quarters a very difficult comp. So, we get some help as those comps fade in Q4. We continue to see a lot of activity in some of the new areas of expansion for us like EV and powertrain. Particularly with EV, the number of startup companies around the world that we're engaged with as well as their tier suppliers is expanding. So, there's a fairly optimistic outlook in terms of new programs in that particular area.
Blake Moret: So, Rich, if you're talking about general project activity, including heavy industries, we are seeing some of that activity actually result in orders. We talked a little bit earlier about NioCorp which was a big mining project, and we're happy to announce that we also received a major order from Codelco, again, in mining in Latin America. They're the largest copper producer globally located in Chile. We're going to be the main automation contractor for the Chuquicamata underground mine expansion. It's a significant order. It involves a lot of our new value from things like network services and remote monitoring. So, we are seeing some of that project activity convert into orders.
Blake Moret: I'll make a couple of comments on that and then Patrick might have some additional color. Rockwell has the worldwide supply chain and a manufacturing footprint and they're flexible. And a lot of our customers enjoy similar amount of flexibility in their supply chain. So at this point, speaking about Rockwell, we don't expect significant disruption to our internal operations and we don't expect a material financial impact. But the uncertainty is certainly not helpful to us or our customers. And so proactively, getting in front and looking at not only mitigation factors for the tariffs that have been enacted, as well as looking at others that are being considered, I think, it's the key thing to give us as much lead time as possible to move around things, if necessary.
Blake Moret: Yeah. That takes the fabs and the foundries as well as the actual downstream electronics manufacturing and it continues to be strong for us around the world.
Blake Moret: Yeah. I think the other comment is that we have meaningfully increased our backlog. And while some of that will go into fiscal 2019, that'll have some impact on Q4 as well.
Blake Moret: Yeah. Just one comment, and then Patrick will add some detail. But amidst the higher growth in heavy industry, so we saw a pretty good quarter in terms of margin expansion. So we're pleased with our ability to continue to have high levels of core conversion as well as margin expansion, even with a little heavier contribution from Process and heavy industries.
Blake Moret: Yeah. I can make some comments about the book-to-bill. As Patrick mentioned, it was strong. It was certainly helped by some of these mining orders that we've talked about. It's going to be weighted towards heavy industries with the large Process component in there. We don't have the specific breakdown by vertical for that, but as we've been talking about, there's been a lot of activity in the planning and budgeting stages for some of these major capital projects in heavy industries. And some of them are starting to come to fruition and resulting in orders.
Blake Moret: We've seen some of the mining companies announce long-planned projects that are expected to have a multiyear impact on their capacity. And even though we've seen copper dip a little bit recently, they've made decisions to increase productivity or capacity in some of these mines. So I think we're seeing really at the starting phase of some of these projects converting into orders. In general, the macro conditions are favorable.
Blake Moret: Well, one of the strengths of Logix is that it does a really good job across a wide variety of industries. So, of course, Logix is used in automobile and truck assembly around the world. But it's also being used in Process around the world. And so, the good growth in oil and gas in the U.S. will spur additional Logix growth, particularly with the larger processors. And so, we think that there's a healthy mix of oil and gas that's spurring some of that Logix outgrowth.
Blake Moret: Looking at the general outlook, it remains positive with broad-based underpinning across industries and geographies. We had a strong sales quarter. We also had a very strong orders quarter, as represented by that 1.12 book-to-bill. And across regions, we're seeing optimism for the future. I think one of the particular areas around semiconductor is this continues to be a strength for us. And again in terms of actual sales as well as orders looking forward, we continue to see strength there as we expand our capabilities in that particular industry.
Blake Moret: Let me first say that we don't expect significant revenue from flying cars in the foreseeable future. I will say that the uptick in transportation should be balanced between the projects both in our traditional internal combustion engine customers as well as EV and between projects as well as the MRO spend. So, we see it both contribute – the project as well as the MRO spend both contribute to a healthy business.
Blake Moret: Just one additional comment on the auto side. We've talked about the opportunity to increase our share of the customer's spend with the new value from The Connected Enterprise. And so, in addition to the basic automation, the controller-based projects that affect both EV as well as traditional automobile manufacturing, the opportunity now accelerated with our relationship with PTC to add additional value through the information software and the associated services, that's come into fruition as we have discussions with those automobile manufacturers. So in the past, we might expected to have projects that included the controllers and the drives and the industrial components. But now, the opportunity to dramatically increase the monetization of the value we're providing at those automobile manufacturers and their tier suppliers with the software to be able to track production, to be able to monitor quality, all those things is an exciting additional opportunity that we have at customers even if they were already standardized on all of our basic control equipment.
Blake Moret: Let me start with a couple of comments about the current contributors to growth in China, and then Patrick might have some additional comment. So, the strength in China includes semiconductor, which we'd talked about before; oil and gas, particularly on the refining side; life sciences, which although it's still relatively small as a standalone vertical for us, continues to contribute high growth; and then water and wastewater, as China continues to build out infrastructure in that. And that obviously contributes to some of our Process as well. So, those are some of the industries that are important to us currently in China. We have not seen a dampening effect from the tariff discussion at this point.
Blake Moret: The primary story in EMEA for us has been the weak automotive growth and we continue to look at strength in consumer in Europe as encouraging. We're pleased that our performance in the emerging European markets continue to show higher than average growth, but automotive is still the primary story in Europe.
Blake Moret: Yeah. Just one comment, and I think it's the obvious one. And we're an American company, and America is by far our largest market. And we do think that we and our customers can compete and win around the world. So, when government action is necessary, we favor a strategic approach that aligns us with our allies. But to your specific question, America is by far our largest market, and we certainly don't expect any of this to have a dampening effect on the number of facilities in America that require our offerings.
Blake Moret: Well, as we mentioned before, Kristen, that we believe that we have the most comprehensive, flexible information software offering in the industry. So we're very happy with what we can offer customers today. We were already growing at double-digits in the Information Solutions and Connected Services area. This will accelerate that growth to help customers unlock even more productivity. We continue to invest in these areas. We've had artificial intelligence offerings for a while. Those will be incorporated with additional enhancements into the combined offering that we'll offer customers that will take the best of what PTC and Rockwell have. So we continue to invest organically in these areas as well. But this brings us at speed to having such a strong offering that we can provide today because it's a fast-growing area and we think we have the opportunity to be a first-mover at many of these customers and in many of these industries.
Blake Moret: Yeah. I think the additional comment about our spend is with the relationship with PTC, it allows us to focus our spend on the differentiated value. And an example that we've used before is augmented reality. We think augmented reality has a lot of good valuable applications in production environments. But having the relationship with a top supplier with a strong offering keeps us from having to invest resources and having another offering that may or may not be differentiated. So, it allows us to focus on areas that are the most prioritized in terms of differentiating the combined offering.
Blake Moret: I think the additional comment is that all of our products and offerings really contribute to bringing The Connected Enterprise to life. And so, as that strategy continues to find favor with customers, it's going to raise the overall offering because those products from A&S and from CP&S all contribute the data that ultimately is turned into useful information and supports the growth of some of the new areas of value, the information software and those high value services. So, it brings it all up as customers endorse that idea of connecting their enterprise.
Blake Moret: So just to summarize, we're very happy with the progress that we've made in the quarter to bring The Connected Enterprise to life. We saw a strong growth in all areas and we're also happy with the strong operating performance that gives us a lot of excitement about our future.
Patrick Goris: So, Steve, semiconductor, as we call it, was up double-digits in the quarter, was up in every region. And at this point, it's about 5% of our global sales.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. Steve, Patrick here. So we've seen good growth in heavy industry in Q3. Consumer actually did quite well as well in Q3. The big change in Q4 – and Blake alluded to that – is what's happening in automotive. Automotive has been about flat, and I call this plus or minus 5%, 6%, for three, four quarters in a row. And in Q4, we basically lapped an easier comp. And so a headwind on auto growth that we've seen of about a point, actually a little bit more than a point in Q3, goes away in Q4. And so our organic growth from 5.7% in Q3, add a little bit more than a point to that and you get close to what the implied growth rate is in Q4. So a key element is we expect easier comps in auto.
Patrick Goris: ...outlook for the – yeah. So for Q4 compared to our prior guidance, we expect a little favorable impact from mix, again, versus our prior guidance, mostly related to higher expected growth in A&S, also in Logix, part of which we've seen in the third quarter, which also explains our very strong margins in the third quarter.
Patrick Goris: Okay. Julian, we expect our overall spend to be up between $70 million, $80 million for the full year. And for Q3, our year-over-year spend was up a little less than $25 million. We expect the Q4 spend to go up sequentially and it will be up year-over-year also by about $25 million. So basically in line with what we shared before with you. As to general corporate net, the increase there is mostly related to some of the transactions or to the large transaction that you have seen us announce in the third quarter. So specifically the PTC transaction, that's the majority of the increase in GCN.
Patrick Goris: Yeah. Julian, the three verticals that came in somewhat better than what we expected, one is food and beverage. I mentioned earlier that consumer had a good quarter in Q3. Food and beverage was the main driver there. And then metals and semiconductor were a little bit better than expected as well.
Patrick Goris: Andy, I would just add that through three quarters, most of our verticals in China are up. And for the full year, we still expect growth in the high-single-digits, a little less than 10% in this country.
Patrick Goris: I would just add, Andy, that for oil and gas, we haven't seen the pickup yet in the North Sea, where it's more expensive to extract. And so, we haven't seen that pickup there as we've seen, for example, in the U.S. for oil and gas.
Patrick Goris: Yeah, if you exclude the restructuring charges, Joe, for the fourth quarter, we expect earnings conversion of about 30%, 35%. And so another way you can think about it is Q4 margins versus Q3. I mentioned early that for Q4, we expect segment margin to be a little less than 21%. We expect the benefit of higher sales versus Q3. You heard me say earlier that spend is going to be up – our investment spending, I should say, will be up. Mix is always sequentially a slight negative in the fourth quarter, given the typical pickup we see in solutions and services. And then I mentioned earlier that we'll see a modest headwind related to some of our input cost, the tariffs that I referred to earlier as well.
Patrick Goris: Joe, I'm not getting into fiscal 2019 and what tariffs might amount to or spending. That's something that we'll share with everyone in November.
Patrick Goris: Yeah, the expenses I was referring to in general corporate net are really related to the actual transaction rather than ongoing expenses. We will have some ongoing expenses associated with PTC. We're adding some sales resources. We also shared with investors that we're working on a common technology roadmap. So, we're making some investments there. But that is not part of GCN. That is part of ongoing investments that we're making now and we'll be making next year.
Patrick Goris: I think some of it goes back to what Blake referred to earlier, our largest business in that segment, includes our Logix business. And you will find our Logix product and software across all industries, where they are discrete or Process. And so, with the pickup in some of the heavy industry that we're seeing, besides good growth in consumer, we see that reflected in Architecture & Software. And that business is more exposed to heavy industries within Architecture & Software than, for example, motion or our sensing business in that segment. And so, it also leads to a somewhat favorable mix that you see reflected in the margins of that segment.
Patrick Goris: Today, it's a little bit split more towards Control Products & Solutions than it is Architecture & Software.
