Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: I don't think meaningfully. And what I will tell you is from the beginning of the year, we've worked with our commercial organization to really concentrate on trying to smooth out the sales cycle through the year so it's not as back end loaded, and they've worked on that all year. But I don't have any evidence that anything meaningfully got pulled in from Q4 into Q3.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: And I think part of the growth, Brandon, was good growth for process media, which historically could be a pretty lumpy business, but I think what we've seen now that we're spec-ed in to so many drugs is that they're able to continually achieve pretty good growth every quarter. While any given customer may have an annual order or a lumpy order, there's enough overlapping that it's really starting to smooth out and be consistent growth.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Well, it's interesting, Brandon, because I think that it's been a bit of a headwind through the first nine months of the year, although it's becoming less and less of a headwind. I think the headwind in Q3 to the top line was about $4 million. And I can't predict what currencies are going to do over the next couple of months, but certainly if they stay where they are, we may experience for the first time a currency tailwind – for the first time in a long time, a currency tailwind in the fourth quarter. So, net-net, if we're currency-neutral up 5.2% year-to-date, and I'm hoping to stay above 4% – we're hoping to stay above 4% for the full year, then I think we'll see a little bit of a slowing of growth in the fourth quarter because of the tough to compare, but should help neutralize some of the headwinds that we've seen in the first nine months of the year.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So, historically, it hasn't been a market that we've been very involved in, which sounds like it may be a good thing right now. But certainly, as we continue to sell – and Shannon, you can comment on this, too – the Droplet Digital PCR into the biopharma market and maybe working on certain things and using that technology, they continue to expand their research.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: I mean, I think academically-funded research has been doing pretty well for us. And so, I'd expect to be really successful in the fourth quarter along the same lines, but it remains to be seen.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. I know, a good question, Jeff. I think it's Western Europe that has been kind of the bigger challenge for us in recent years, where we're seeing a lot of pricing pressure from these tenders and lab consolidation, et cetera. As you point out, Eastern Europe, especially on the Diagnostics side and also on the Life Science side, saw some good growth in the third quarter, but it's Western Europe for Diagnostics where we continue to see a lab consolidation and pricing pressure.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. No, Japan continues to be kind of a mixed market for us, and for the company was down year-over-year. But when we talk about Asia Pacific, we really are looking at kind of the Pacific Rim and from India through Southeast Asia, et cetera. China is a big enough market for us that it kind of stands on its own, and so we'll call that out. But Japan, we're seeing some tough growth – tough ability to get growth on the Diagnostic side; and for Life Science, it's been fairly flattish.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So, good questions, Jeff. So, to answer your question, in 2017, I think most important, we're hoping to go live with our third deployment, our major Western European, if you will, deployment of SAP in the springtime. And all eyes are focused on getting ready for that. And it's not just about designing the system, but really getting the organization ready to catch the ball and catch the new operating model, and a model that's going to have us operate as a single region in Europe, if you will. So, that work will continue at the beginning of 2017, and then we're hoping in the April-May timeframe to go live with the European deployment. And after that, based on prior deployments, I'm sure that it'll be all hands on deck, helping with the transition and people getting used to using the new system. It wouldn't surprise me to see a slowdown in productivity in the short term as we've seen here, just because it's new and it's different. But we're trying to take advantage of lessons learned. We've created a system where our power users that are here in North America are ready to go and sit side by side with the new users in Europe when we go live and get through the transition. Your question, has it made my life easier? I think in a lot of ways, yes, absolutely; although we transition from one thing to the next, and so we're not slowing down. But if I take a breath and really look at what we've been able to achieve in North America, we did move to a shared service center for transactional accounting, and that's helped with the efficiency. It's helped with the audit. It's helped with the analysis of the numbers. So, perhaps, more importantly, for the company, it's helping with working capital. And after, I'm hoping, we get through the transition of going live with the third deployment in Europe next year – and it will take them a good nine months, if not more, to really take advantage of the system. But I'm hoping to see those same benefits ripple through to that deployment, because once we're there, Jeff, we will have substantially all of our manufacturing around the world on SAP as well as 70% of our revenue. And from there, we really hope to move the needle.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Well, I can, Brandon. I think the year-over-year decline in margin is about 120 basis points. Isn't that right, about 1.2%? And the majority of that, I would say, relates to the shift towards instruments. And it's not just the margin being a little lower on the instruments and placing these in reagent rental and taking on the depreciation, but also in terms of the warranty costs and the logistics costs, those correspondingly go up as well. And those are the primary buckets that created the change. So, in some way, I can relate the majority of the differential year-over-year to the increase in instrument places and the corresponding costs.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Okay. Great. Thanks, Andrea, and thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join us today. We truly appreciate your interest. Bye-bye.
