Andy Last: Thank you, Ilan. Good afternoon, everybody. So the second quarter of the year proved to be a continuation of trends from the first quarter of the year. We experienced ongoing strong demand for our clinical diagnostic products, contrasted by further softening of demand in the BioPharma segment of our Life Science business. The net result was a more modest growth of our overall core business than expected. On the operational front, we made meaningful progress in order backlog reduction. In Q2, we experienced a further decline in demand from our BioPharma customers, particularly for our process chromatography media, but also extending to other product lines. This resulted from a continuation of soft sales into emerging biotech companies, plus we also experienced headwinds from larger BioPharma. While some of this was already forecasted for the remainder of the year, Q2 revealed a significant delivery extension of existing orders for our process chromatography media beyond 2023. The softness is a result of customers reducing their inventory levels in bioprocessing and a tighter funding environment across BioPharma as indicated in Q1. Overall, we now anticipate a larger impact to our BioPharma business from the downturn than previously communicated. We do view the softness in process chromatography is transient, but do not anticipate broad-based recovery in 2023. In contrast, we remain positive on continued demand for Life Science products in academic markets. We saw strong and consistent demand from academia in all regions across the Life Science portfolio and experienced strong double-digit growth for ddPCR, despite the negative BioPharma macro trends. In particular, we are very pleased with the ongoing demand for our new QX600 Droplet Digital PCR System. During the quarter, we held our Droplet Digital PCR world event, which received excellent attendance and engagement reinforcing the long-term growth potential of our platform in this product area. We also know that demand broadly from the China Life Science segment continued to be weak, and the expected second half recovery is now in question against the backdrop of a slow economic recovery. During the quarter, we also completed a cross licensing and royalty agreement with QIAGEN related to digital PCR intellectual property. Overall, despite the BioPharma downturn, our core Life Science business grew mid-single digit. During the quarter, we achieved our Life Science backlog reduction targets and do not foresee product supply being a major constraint for the second half of the year. We were pleased to see continued demand recovery for our Clinical Diagnostics business, in particular, across Asia Pacific, led by solid performance in China, although we continue to monitor the China macro environment. We saw strong growth in our diabetes franchise and solid growth in our immunohematology and quality controls businesses. During the quarter, we launched the IH-500 next instrument, which includes updated software, enhancing the functionality of the system, along with increased security from potential cyberattacks. This platform update increases the competitiveness of our transfusion medicine portfolio. Overall product supply increased through the quarter, as our new Singapore facility continued to ramp up. We now have improved line of sight to reducing our backlog for the Diagnostics business grew by year-end and continue to focus on expanding capacity. In closing, we continue to be encouraged with the demand of our Clinical Diagnostics business with the increased placement of diagnostic systems supporting future growth and reagent pull-through. In addition, we continue to focus on the solid progress we have made in reducing our back orders. The Diagnostics business performance, however, is not offsetting the continued negative trend to the Life Science group this year, specifically for BioPharma accounts. Building on our environmental, social and governance priorities, we recently published our 2022 corporate sustainability report, which highlights the progress we’ve made in multiple areas, and reflects our commitment to society and to our stakeholders. So at this point, I’d like to close and pass you back to Ilan.
Andy Last: Yes. Patrick, Andy here. So I think for H1, I think our story is fairly consistent and a lot of softness in Life Science, which include the BioPharma component segment of that piece of the business. Diagnostics is relatively good for us in the first half, but we are certainly cautious about the second half given the macro economic situation in China, and that’s true for both Life Science and the Diagnostics side from our point of view right now.
Andy Last: I am sorry, Brandon, this is Andy here. Yes, I mean I think we are near the top of this inventory where that’s been going on, which as we reported before, is a result of the diagnostics manufacture movement from France to Singapore. And then, the lead time required on purchase of raw material through the finished product. And then, with the lifeline downturn, that clearly was not expected anywhere close to this level of magnitude, that kind of – we got to catch up with that. So, I think that we are largely ahead of this. At this point in time, we will be looking towards normalization of inventory as we move forward.
Andy Last: Well, and I think there is an element in the question there about funnel, and I think this really is – this isn’t a change in the shape of our market share or our expectations over the long-term. This is – orders that we are expecting that have been pushed out. So, in that regards, this is a transitory shift timing. I think is the word you used in. That’s the way we look at it. What we are unclear on, and so I am taking a position on right now is when that timing is fully resolved.
Andy Last: Thanks Conor, Andy here. So yes, we were very pleased with the performance in the quarter despite the challenges of softness in the BioPharma segment. The new instrument is going very well for us. We cleared out, all our production challenges in the quarter. No constraints moving forward. We have grown that franchise quite meaningfully in that segment, over the last few years. So our strategy for growing there has been very successful. We feel very positive about the forward-looking potential and BioPharma is a point of weakness in the middle of it. Competitively, I don’t think anything has really changed, certainly not within the last quarter. And that’s all baked into our thinking at this point in time.
Simon May: Hi, Patrick, this is Simon speaking. Yes. I think in the second half of the year, we’re seeing some shifts in purchasing patterns. There were some orders that we’ve already secured, which are getting pushed out. That’s the main aspect, and we’re seeing a general softness in demand that’s spilling through into the second half of the year here. We’re detecting some potential signals of improvement. But from our side, it’s really too early to call, and we’re not seeing that reflected in the opportunity for those at this time. But, as we’ve said earlier, we remain pretty optimistic that this is transient, and we’re going to see pickup hopefully at some stage in 2024.
Simon May: Yes, Brandon, this is Simon. I think in our BioPharma business, we’ve obviously got a chunk that process chromatography and I think we’ve already provided commentary there. I think what 2023 is concerned, it’s certainly too soon to call any signs of recovery. And again, we will see what 2024 brings. Definitely spills over into our digital PCR business. We’ve got a strong footprint and presence in emerging BioPharma and digital PCR. We had a very strong quarter, notwithstanding that in the second quarter with robust double-digit growth and with the introduction of QX600 and the way that our customers are responding very positively to the advanced multiplexing capabilities there. That’s kind of offsetting the softness that we are seeing in BioPharma. But we are definitely seeing that impact outside of process chrome, but it tends to be a different kind of impact, which is more related to VCP funding with smaller emerging biotechs.
Simon May: This is Simon. I think the simple answer is it’s too soon to say. I think we have kind of covered this two times or three times already. We are not seeing signs of material recovery in our funnels in the second half of the year. There is some commentary around some shifts in the funding environment, but that’s very early. It’s going to take time for that to trickle through to the comp phase. And quite simply, we just think it’s too soon to call 2024.
Simon May: This is Simon. I can talk to that. I think it’s a bit of a spread. We are seeing a good number of customers who were upgrading from existing systems. I would say we have actually been pleasantly surprised that the uptake that we are seeing in BioPharma, where that multiplexing capability gives those customers a significant productivity advantage. And then, the third area where we are seeing uptake is in oncology research and clinical development, where again, the multiplexing in the sensitive to the system really serves that need very well. So, it’s kind of broad-based.
Simon May: In very approximate terms, we are still there. And I think over time, we still expect that to weight increasingly towards consumables. And I think we are seeing that trend to play out.
Simon May: Don’t really answer that Brandon, in terms of the deal confidential. I think we have already said what we are going to say about it in the script here. I think we are pretty happy with the terms, and that’s about where we have to leave it because of the confidentiality provisions we have got around it.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. Thank you, Patrick. This is Ilan. So there are a few aspects to call out first on the margin. Some aspects are transitory. Some are related to the inflationary environment overall. For example, material is still kind of elevated in terms of the overall cost, and it’s higher than last year. The product mix was definitely a headwind in terms of the mix between our Life Science group and the Diagnostics as well as within our Diagnostics Group with more instruments, which should be a benefit thinking more into 2024. And there are other kind of more of elevated one-time as the reserve, etcetera. On the other hand, we continue with a very, very disciplined approach in terms of the overall operating expenses. So you can see that the fall through to the operating income is much smaller than the impact on the gross margin, and that will continue to be the approach. But again, as I said, it’s kind of a mixed bag of kind of expected to impact – indeed impact this time around, some are more transitory, some – we will have to wait to see how the inflationary environment will continue to shape up.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Generally, Brandon, as you know, the fourth quarter tends to be a stronger quarter for us. I mean generally, we think about the third quarter and fourth quarter to be stronger, but definitely, the fourth quarter, as usual seasonality is stronger there than even the third quarter. In terms of the gross margin, it’s more again benefiting the fourth quarter from the fall through. So, it’s a slight benefit, but it’s not a huge difference, since we did guide for about for 54.5% in the second half. So – and when it comes to the operating expenses, we will continue, as I mentioned earlier, with a very disciplined approach in terms of the expenses. We expect it to be lower on a percent basis of sales, on a dollar basis, potentially slightly higher, but it’s a very, very disciplined approach.
Ilan Daskal: Yes, Tim, this is Ilan. I will start and then maybe Andy and Simon can chime in. But generally speaking, first of all, we are not yet guiding for ‘24. We generally not necessarily expecting a pent-up demand in process chromatography in 2024. We see it more as transitory and push-outs of orders. And these are kind of – think about it like a permanent kind of push-outs. So, it’s not that 2024, we expect process chromatography to be elevated due to a pent-up demand. I don’t know, Andy if had...
Ilan Daskal: I think it has to do more with the current macro environment that we are – we continue to monitor for the remainder of the year. I don’t know that it’s necessarily a leg of the reopening necessarily, as it is more kind of being more cautious that the environment will not change drastically. I mean overall, diagnostics is expected to achieve 5.5% year-over-year growth, which is a really nice growth for them and China performed so far really well for us. But again, with everything that we hear, it will be – we have to continue to monitor the second half specifically.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. So Jack, obviously, the heavy lifting, as Andy mentioned, is behind us. We continue to ramp. I mean a lot of it has been achieved. And so, we continue to realize kind of more benefit. The two European sites are closed. And it will be – we will have a slightly additional kind of benefit also going probably into next year, once it will be fully ramped up. That’s where we are right now.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. This is Ilan. So, as a percent of sales, we expect the second half, at least, to be slightly lower than that. On a dollar basis, maybe slightly higher, but we try to continue to be very disciplined in terms of the expenses overall.
Ilan Daskal: So, as a percent of sales, it’s going to be slightly lower. On a dollar basis, potentially slightly higher, but not meaningfully higher.
