John Hertia: So the U.S. launch of the new blood typing platform, so we’ll be introducing in the later part of this year, a blood typing platform has been available in the rest of world called the IH 1000, it hasn’t been available in the U.S. because of the FDA we’re going through FDA registration and approval right now. We also will be launching this year Justin on the IH 500 in Europe and parts of Asia-Pacific, which is also a new blood typing platform that’s sort of a logical extension of the IH 1000 name targeted for the sort of mid-market blood typing segment.
John Hertia: Well, we continue to make progress on the – with the GnuBIO platform, it certainly still underdevelopment, a tremendous amount of synergy between the Droplet technology that we have developed and acquired few years ago and in this operation, so it’s a – we really been able to leverage that pretty well. Again making progress, we continue to – there is obviously still work to be done to get to a product probably take us most of this year.
John Hertia: Well, I think that especially in the cell bio area, this is an area we started investing in few years ago and I think that what you’re seeing today just represents some momentum that we’re starting to achieve from these many products and the new thing that we’re just introducing, so I think that’s what you’re seeing.
John Hertia: Well, I think last year, little bit of hiccup early in the year when China was kind of doing their corruption crack down and it’s kind of spooked everyone there and in terms of buying and that slowed us down quite a bit. And I think then we kind of probably pull back a little bit on our outlook. But seem to comeback especially at the end of the year really well and we ended up the year in a good position. I think we continue to have momentum in China both in the life science area and in diagnostics.
Christine Tsingos: I think Justin in terms of the model, the expectations is entering the U.S. market comes later in the year, and so it’s probably a bigger impetus growth in 2016, but we’re hopeful that will get that FDA approval this year.
Christine Tsingos: Sure, I think for spending on ERP for the project itself, the spending in 2015 should be pretty similar to what we’ve spent in 2014 and that’s kind of $25 million to $30 million range in terms with the expense and around $40 million in terms of capital. The one thing that I would keep in mind is we are right now scheduled to go live with our next appointment in the July, August timeframe, in which case we’ll take on some depreciation expense and that will probably be an incremental $5 million to $10 million between depreciation and support during ’15. So net-net with the go live we may pickup $10 million of additional expense with the project spend itself should remain fairly flat year-over-year.
Christine Tsingos: Of course. As a reminder first go live was in April 2013 and it was a smaller portion of U.S. business that included our U.S. diagnostic sales and a smaller division. Deployment number two, which as I mentioned we’re hoping to go live in July and August, and brings in the rest of the U.S. and actually North America and what that means are more about our diagnostics operations in the U.S. as well as our life science operations in the U.S. and some of our selling entities in Canada. And once we complete that then our plan is to move into the European theatre, which is a very difficult implementation for us, its several deployments, but one that probably have the greatest benefit and payback for us and that will be our focus on late this year and certainly throughout ’16.
Christine Tsingos: Yes and it could be more. A lot of the unknown is as we rollout other parts of the world, complexity of this implementation both unwinding systems that are already in place, as well as bringing our international operations on to this standardized system. It has and we’ve learned our lesson through these past years that it’s often harder than we originally anticipate and these projects, the majority of the cost is human capital, whether it’s outside capital or own people working on the project. So that’s – that’s my caution that I think $300 million is probably a minimum to assume for the project and we are continually working to be a decision as we can. But we are about to embark on the most difficult faces of the project as we take it outside of the U.S.
Christine Tsingos: We are probably a little over half way through that amount and again, the ultimate total will be the ultimate total. But depending on how you want to measure it, we did a lot of upfront work before we really started the project. If you want to include that amount of money, then we’re probably further along in the stand. But the true project itself is probably around $150 million to $170 million.
Christine Tsingos: Okay. Thank you, Kay. Thank you everyone for taking the time to join us today. We appreciate your interest in your support. Bye-bye.
ChristineTsingos: So I think what baked in there is improvement from some of the consolidation that we’ve done improvement from some of the underwater businesses if you will, becoming less underwater. It’s also baked in an incremental probably $13 million to $15 million of spend is related to GnuBIO. But so tremendous amount of progress in savings taking on some additional spend with GnuBIO and assuming a 3% currency neutral top-line gets us to this operating margin of around 9% and then using current exchange rates, it takes us backwards because of the translation.
ChristineTsingos: Right. So, the 150 debt is really kind of what happens to that 9% margin as currency rates stay where they are – that 9% margin goes to 8 or lower, because $175 million, $200 million sales are not recognized or on a reported basis, they are not there and it’s just translation.
ChristineTsingos: Sure, so as I mentioned in the scripts, our expectation for CapEx in 2014 is that $130 million to $140 million and that includes about $40 million, $45 million of capital spend for this project to roll out SAP on a global basis. Within our CapEx, we also have our reagent rental, the instruments that we place on the diagnostic side, and that varied from year-to-year but generally that’s $40 million to $50 million range is the portion that relates to that and then the remaining third is more either facilities, investments or maintenance type CapEx.
