Christine Tsingos: Sure, great question. So I think that without breaking out the detail of each individual component, Brandon, quite a bit of the improvement is more about sales mix in the quarter and about some of the efficiencies that we had manufacturing in the quarter. And it's always tough to predict sustainability of things like that, especially as you know, sales mix changes through the year between instruments and reagents and different products groups et cetera. And then certainly the decrease in amortization for a little over $1 million, $1.4 million or something and some savings from the discontinued product lines from last year obviously sustainable. But I think the vast majority it's hard to say sustainable when it relates to product mix and efficiencies in the quarter in terms of manufacturing side.
Christine Tsingos: Yes. So I think from time to time, Jeff, we do bring it up, because the first quarter is generally when we are doing the merit increases. We’re paying out incentive plans or commission plans from the prior year royalties, things like that. And so Q1 is generally a cash flow challenge, if you will. And as we peel back the onion just looking at that SG&A without the accrual from last year and without the help of currency, because remember as it makes our sales lower and it makes also expenses lower rates, it’s kind of netted out to about $5 million, and much of that can be traced to employee-related costs that are typically associated with our first quarter.
Christine Tsingos: So compared to last year, it definitely is more sizable, because we turn back the clock to ‘14, many of our internal plans were not and the payout was lower this time in March of ‘14 than it was in March of ‘15. But having said that, it’s certainly in line with other years where we have paid kind of at the target of the bonus of the [indiscernible].
Christine Tsingos: I think, Jeff, that remember, typically one of our strongest margins is the one we post in the first quarter and as we move through the year and the instrument mix changes. We can see that margin trend down a little from the first quarter, as it was in our last year which was a little different. But typically, that's a pattern that we see. It’s hard to trace to the ERP, but certainly as Norman mentioned, that will be one of the pockets of benefits as more of the organization comes up on SAP.
Christine Tsingos: Okay. Thanks Kevin. Thank you everyone for taking the time to join us today, and hopefully we'll be seeing you soon. Bye.
John Hertia: Sure. I think you have the picture pretty correct. There is still consolidation in both clinical and transfusion labs in Europe, particularly in France. And I'd say pricing pressure has been pretty stable during the - pretty consistent during last year and this year.
John Hertia: For diagnostics, definitely. We've had a couple of years since we’ve introduced any major systems. And this year, it will be - we are in the process right now of rolling out the D-100. This is our diabetes system in Europe. And hopefully later on, depending on the FDA in the U.S., we'll be releasing kind of a mid-sized immunohematology system, the IH-500, which will go into Europe first and then migrate around the rest of the world from there. And then we're also looking at introducing the IH-1000, which is our large immunohematology system along with the reagents in the - maybe the last quarter of this year for the U.S. too. So, three pretty good sized system introductions.
John Hertia: Hard to say. It's just still pre-launch. So much of it is based on the velocity of the instruments at the beginning, and it will be a trickle-in effect. We won't get systems placed until the last quarter of this year. And as you know, in diagnostics you place the systems in the regions growing top of that. So it will probably be a situation where revenue and gross margin momentum will build as we roll it out.
Norman Schwartz: Yes. Obviously it's hard at the moment to quantity those efficiencies, but we've been working on this for a while, and I guess this is really the kind of the final step with the appointment of John Goetz as Chief operating officer, and there is two probably significant pieces of this. One is the worldwide globalization as a sales organization, which was under kind of a bifurcated management before, and the second is the globalization of our supply chain. So including procurement, manufacturing and logistics, there are obviously some real benefit to that in terms of kind of utilizing certain sites, centers of excellence that kind of thing. I think we can get at some of those efficiencies going forward. And obviously on the procurement side, being able bundle up purchases little better and negotiate. I think those are the places we’re going to see it come from.
Norman Schwartz: We’re hoping to have something on the market in 2016. So we've got some development work left to do to get that ready to go, and then of course traverse through the FDA. So it's probably a 2016 event.
Norman Schwartz: No, I think it has been moving along at a pretty steady pace. They seem to be solving the problems and just kind of getting to the issues. So far it seems to be on track and pretty much what we expected.
Norman Schwartz: Yes. Again it's really hard to break those down. All we can give you is kind of anecdotal information or people seem to the see it as a tool for increasing productivity. But I think the - kind of if you looked at the schedule of gains, it's probably still on the lower end of - it’s probably not our biggest gainer there.
Norman Schwartz: Probably. Yes. Obviously we've got, as always, two things that we're looking at, and I think our focus is on something that has sales and revenue. Net sales and profit.
