Christine A. Tsingos: I should have known to do that. I don't, and remember the tax rate was also lower than expected. So you can probably do the calculation yourselves. And on a regular basis, we look at 32% – 33% as the base tax rate. I think the lower than expected tax rate picked up about $0.07 for us in the quarter. But as far as the math on some of the one-timers or the more discrete items in SG&A, you can probably do that math.
Christine A. Tsingos: And I agree with John that it's difficult to know what the revenue impact may have been on the second quarter, Brandon. We did let many of our customers in the U.S. know that we were going to be going live the first week of July. And so if some of them may have placed orders in advance of that, that wouldn't surprise me, but it would be hard for us to decipher exactly how much that was.
Christine A. Tsingos: So one of the sizable ones, for example, was in Greece. So technically, that is Europe. Maybe I'm remiss to call it an emerging market. But that was certainly one of the countries where we increased our reserves given what's going on.
Christine A. Tsingos: So the part of Asia that's still a bit of a challenge for us on both sides of the business is Japan.
Christine A. Tsingos: Sure, so we went live with our second deployment in July, which is basically bringing in the rest of the U.S. for Diagnostics and also bringing in our Life Science group. And I think the implementation, the go-live went pretty smooth. We'll be going through our first close here pretty soon. So the team right now is focused on what they call hypercare, making sure people who are new to the system, we more than doubled the number of users on the system, know how to use it. They're using it properly, et cetera. If all continues to go well with that, shortly we'll be able to roll into beginning to do the design and blueprinting for Europe. And Europe, as we've talked about in the past, is extremely complex, with 40 entities and more than 10 systems, et cetera. And so they'll be spending the better part of all of 2016 really working on that design and implementation. And barring any bumps in the road, we're hoping to start to go through a series of deployments in 2017 in Europe.
Christine A. Tsingos: Good question, Jeff. I think overall it's probably even better. There are always challenges along the way. But you may remember that when we did our first deployment in April 2013, we created a shared service center for all the back office accounting transactions, AR, AP, things like that. And now with the second deployment, that team was ready to catch the ball, and that transition went well. And frankly, having it all in one location helps with the close process, it helps with the analysis process, it helps with the audit process, and so that's great. But frankly, I think the bigger benefit is to the business itself and the ability to operate more efficiently, to have that visibility in the supply chain and from planning and ordering right through logistics. And then that of course directly helps our customers in terms of our ability to service our customers. So I think a lot of good news all the way around.
Christine A. Tsingos: And so we're sticking to our 3% currency neutral growth for the year, and that's across the board. But I think that is what we're targeting for Diagnostics as well.
Christine A. Tsingos: I would imagine at least early in the first part of the quarter, it did continue to persist. The D-100 was launched for a good portion of the quarter, so that's probably going away, but the other part of the demand is on the blood typing side, and we just launched the IH-500. So a part of it probably persisted and probably contributed during the quarter and it's...
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay, great. Thank you, Nicholas, and thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join us today. Bye-bye.
John Hertia: So a couple things in there. The first thing to point out is that the IH-500 was launched outside of the U.S. So that's for...
John Hertia: ...our international markets. Later this year, we're hoping to introduce the IH-1000 in the U.S. along with our gel product line. We're hoping to get that in the fourth quarter, which is targeted towards particularly high volume laboratories. The IH-500 is targeted toward smaller to medium size hospital blood banks or small donation centers, and it's the largest part of the segment that we didn't (16:05) addressed before, and we're really looking at the opportunity for growth.
John Hertia: Maybe three things. First we introduced over the last six months an HIV antibody antigen test, a fifth-generation test, which was just FDA approved for use in the U.S. We approved a vitamin D test, and both of those are beginning to add to the panel. And we've seen a lot of growth in our MMRV test, which is for measles. And with the measles outbreak in the United States, that stimulated the interest in a lot of new systems.
John Hertia: So it's obviously I think an open question. Obviously, Theranos has a very interesting business model. There's some discussion about whether this opens up really a new category of patients that want to be diagnosed. It is more of a newer patient model. I think we've seen a number of things in the past several years leading towards more point-of-care and more of what I guess I would call patient-centric model, and I think this is just one piece of it. I think we'll see how this plays out over the coming years.
John Hertia: Sure, Kevin, this is John Hertia. I would say the pricing pressure has stayed pretty constant during the course of the year. We have some mature markets over there in diabetes and immuno-hematology, and that's where we're seeing the majority of the price compression. You're also seeing some lab consolidation in France, and that's adding to it. We're hoping with the introduction of two new systems in those areas where we're seeing price compression, the D-100 for diabetes and the IH-500 for immuno-hematology, we'll be able to reverse that trend. And so far, the recent indicators have been pretty good.
John Hertia: I think that as we've seen, especially in China, that they've backed off their budgets a little bit in China just in general. And it's still obviously growing at an above-average rate. I think the interesting part for us is that it seems that Europe is doing very well, and that's been a very pleasant surprise for us. I would say, by the way, that also you've got a resurgence of interest in funding in the NIH and some of these new initiatives, precision medicine funding. They're talking about continuing to ramp up NIH funding. So I would say that it seems that the outlook in the life science tool space is pretty decent.
