Christine A. Tsingos: I don't have the exact numbers with me, Brandon. I can tell you that the -- if where your question is headed is around how much of the project was expense during the quarter if that was originally intended to be capitalized. It's about $3 million of higher expense than we would have originally anticipated. Cash is the same out the door. And so let me see if I can track this down while we're doing the other questions in terms of the exact dollars of capital and expense in the third quarter.
Christine A. Tsingos: Sure. So I'm not sure when you talk about SG&A was better than you were expecting, I don't know what your expectations were. But I think -- we think SG&A came in, obviously, much higher than we'd originally anticipated, primarily driven by the $16 million accrual, but then also, some increased ERP-related spend during the quarter.
Christine A. Tsingos: No, I -- so I don't disagree with you because given the lack of air cover on the top line, the margins hung in there. As far as your question on clarification of what's going on in cost of goods sold and the gross margin, during the quarter, we recorded a $2.9 million one-time benefit, and this is basically to make a correction in the valuation of our finished goods inventory for the first half of the year, so through the 9-month period. If -- and that, of course, is a reduction of cost of goods and an improvement of the margin. If we were to take that out, today's gross margin was 55.7%, and that compares to a base gross margin in the third quarter of 2012 of 55.6%. I'm not sure, Justin, if that clarifies your question or if you needed something different.
Christine A. Tsingos: I think a lot of it has been in process when -- you're talking about when we talked about it in the first quarter of accruing for some changes in Europe. And that's -- that's ongoing and it's something we continue to look at.
Christine A. Tsingos: No, no, that's so -- it is true that we're in the midst now of starting to plan for the second deployment, which is the rest of the U.S., so that's kind of in the fall commentary from before. And as we start 2014, we will go in depth in terms of that blueprinting process and begin the implementation throughout the year, and then hopefully, go live very early of 2015.
Christine A. Tsingos: No, we're still in business and serving our customers. Obviously, there's always challenges of getting people to adopt to a new system, but I don't think there's anything different here than other companies would face. And I think we've been pleased with the results, so far.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes, I think I'd add, Sam, as you know our fourth quarter is generally our largest quarter of the year, and I think that the pipeline is indicating the same pattern to happen this year as well. In terms of overall growth, as Norman was talking about, we had a decent fourth quarter in the year-ago period. So the growth rates may still be in that 2% for the base business, 3% with the acquired sale range when all is said and done. But the pipeline is indicating that Q4 should have a similar pattern to what we've seen in prior years.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: That's a lot of questions there. In general items, we didn't see a lot in -- significant changes in competitiveness of the products. In fact, we have a pretty strong order pipeline. We did have some timing issues as we switched over from the QX100 to the QX200. Some of those sales, which we could have enjoyed in the third quarter will slip into the fourth quarter. In general, Europe is stabilizing for us. I think that we're pretty happy about that. U.S. continues to suffer from sequestration. We didn't see any impact of the government shutdown in the third quarter because that, obviously, happened after. But we really did see some changes in China, some shortfalls in China and really what we're doing is we're moving to a much more closer model to our customers -- large distributors to a more closer, smaller distributor model. And that certainly has had an impact. But that's all consistent with us putting in a better position in the future.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Well, certainly, it was down for the quarter. We expect this, over the next few quarters for it to rebound. And really, the most important thing for us is to be closer to our customers. And we find that, that's a lot easier to do with smaller more focused distributors versus larger distributors, and that was certainly the move we make. It's all consistent with us as we move to a more content-solution-based approach. What we need is a much closer relationship with our customers, and so that's why we've made these notes.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Actually, things are going quite well. We did launch in the QX200. As you're aware, there were a couple of new competitors that came on the market early in the year, and that kind of slowed things initially as people stopped to look at that, those products. But the trajectory of our business going forward is accelerating. We do have, again, a good visibility into the fourth quarter and we're doing quite well. This is a market that's now kind of hitting its stride. I think people are -- the applications that are being published, the number of papers have really expanded the use, as we've kind of predicted, far beyond our own imagination into some really exciting area. So we're really excited about this opportunity in the book -- in the future.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Yes, Japan is slow and we don't expect to see really, any -- I mean, obviously, their currency is a way off, but we don't expect really any paramount in Japan until the first quarter of 2014. I mean, a lot of businesses has been pushed off. So it continues to be slow and down for the quarter, and I think we're seeing that trend is going to continue.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Yes, it's government policy. What they did is they're sort of struggling how they're going to fund research, and what they did is they allowed the researchers to put off their spend. So we don't really have that kind of cliff that we usually see in the fourth quarter, our fourth quarter, and it's all being pushed into the first quarter, our first quarter, which would be their fourth quarter in their fiscal year.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: I think the idea of China being sort of a runaway growth engine is probably not the case going forward. I think there's a lot more critical thinking in how grants or -- and government funding is doled out. Certainly, you have a local pharma market that's coming up, and the CRO business is coming up as well. So in general, I think China is still a nice upside and -- but I would say, end of the school, that the growth is going to be probably more tempered as sort of a market growth around 10% to 12% versus maybe a 14% to 17%.
John Goetz: On the diagnostic side, our sales growth, primarily kind of coming from U.S. and China in the area of diabetes controls and autoimmune testing. Where we were challenged, or continue to be challenged is in Europe, and we've had some declines there.
John Goetz: Yes. We're still completing our clinical trials at this time, and we hope to submit to FDA soon. And then after that, it's a little bit about anybody's guess about how long that's going to take.
John Goetz: In Europe, our primary declines there are coming in the infectious disease blood virus testing area. It's a -- I would say that is masking largely where we're actually getting some growth. It's a big chunk of business for us there. And any slowness or declines there do affect the overall result.
John Goetz: It's -- most of this business is tender. And so as those tenders go, you either win big or you lose big. So it's an interesting dynamic that's happening there now as customers are extending their tenders beyond our usual 2-, 3-, 4-year tender. We're seeing tenders much longer than that now. It's driving a lot of heavy competition for tenders, and we're just not that interested in pursuing some of these at such low prices.
Norman D. Schwartz: No, I don't think there's any structural impediment. It's just a question of the process. It's kind of a long drawn-out process.
Norman D. Schwartz: No, no, no. I think this is really adjustments that we've wanted to make. As Brad said, it's just kind of shifting our distribution strategy a little bit and adjusting for that.
Norman D. Schwartz: No, not yet. We've -- we have pretty good luck with our first deployment. We're obviously doing a little cleanup from that and getting ready for the second deployment. Probably the next deployment will be some time late next year, something like that.
Norman D. Schwartz: I think we're thinking kind of more the same, kind of a similar pattern for the rest of the year as we've seen for the first 3 quarters. I don't see any major changes up or down. It's about where we are.
Norman D. Schwartz: We continue to look at acquisitions. We've got couple of interesting things we're looking at, at the moment. And as you know, you can never tell whether these things are going to come to fruition are not, but I think that certainly, the ones that we've done earlier, especially the Life Science acquisition, I think they're proving to be pretty good additions for us and we're rolling out those products. And so we feel pretty good about what we've done and again, we've got a few more things in the pipeline.
Norman D. Schwartz: So the first question. I think it's kind of hard to quantify kind of off the top of my head, what -- which has more impact. I think that in terms of which part of the business we'd expect to turn faster, probably the Life Science part. The Diagnostics part tends to be a kind of a more steady-state business. But again, it's very hard to quantify for you, which one has more impact. They both have some impact. We do continue to have an interest in Sartorius and do, from time to time, accumulate shares.
