Christine A. Tsingos: Sure. So in terms of pure cash out the door, Brandon, I don't know that things have changed in terms of our expectation. Basically, in the accounting world, while we're in the implementation phases of the project, both the designing and the actual implementation, the internal and external labor costs are capitalized. Right now where we are, we've gone live with our first deployment, which you remember was kind of a small segment of the U.S., our "keep it close to home" proof of concept kind of project, and we're in the process of supporting that. And then in the fall, we'll begin the designing and implementation of the next appointment, which will be a much larger deployment. And at that time, then the internal and external personnel costs will be capitalized per the accounting rules. So I think when we originally set the budget, while -- as I said, cash out the door probably doesn't change that much, we didn't anticipate that we would have this little break in between the first deployment and the second deployment where we would need to temporarily change our accounting treatment.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes. So probably, this change in accounting treatment to the P&L over these months where we're in between phases will be somewhere $5 million to $10 million range between what was booked in the second quarter and what we'll book in a good part of the third quarter. Again, we're looking to restart the next blueprint phase in the fall. So -- and it's flat from CapEx.
Christine A. Tsingos: So both of them, obviously, are a drag to operating profit. And probably combined between the two of them -- Brandon, it's probably $5 million or $7 million. But let me see if I can get that more. But you remember at the beginning of the year, we talked about that Serotec would be $7 million to $10 million drag on operating expense and we still expected QuantaLife to be $15 million, $20 million plus, depending on our level of investment there. And I don't think anything has changed.
Christine A. Tsingos: Well, a good question. Obviously, it's something that we're thinking about, and they do become callable in September. I don't know that we'll be calling them on that exact date. But given that it's 8% money and we took on that debt at a time when we weren't investment grade, we will be very seriously taking a look at this and we'll likely do something after the call date.
Christine A. Tsingos: Sure. So as I said, the first deployment was a smaller segment of our U.S. sales, probably represents 10% to 15% of the total company revenue. And I think for the most part, it's gone pretty well, especially when I hear some of the horror stories from other companies. We have a lot of people involved with it, a lot of process changed. But at the same time, we continue, didn't seem to miss a beat in terms of shipping product to our customers. Where we are now and part of this support mode that I'm talking about is really just adopting to all of the new processes and becoming efficient with those processes. And so, as I mentioned, cash from operations is lower than we've been running because receivables were up a little, our folks were focused on working on those new processes. But that's just a matter of timing. And with each month since we've gone live, we've seen that efficiency get better and better. So I think on the whole, we're feeling pretty positive about this. The lesson learned is it's hard. It is a lot of change, and part of our understanding of that is we've made the decision now for the next deployment to really focus on finishing the rest of the United States. Originally, we were thinking the second deployment, we could take our show on the road to Europe because Europe is where the greatest benefit return resides. But I think we also see benefit in staying in the U.S., and that's the deployment we'll start working on in the fall.
Christine A. Tsingos: Well, so good question, Dan. And the receivables is only a small part of it. I mean -- and if you look historically, our cash flow is pretty backend loaded. If you look at our historical results, because there's a lot of cash obligations at the beginning of the year and then, of course, last year we had that windfall from Spain. But so I think seeing improvement from here would be within our historical pattern. And again, I think the receivable growth is more transition and timing in nature and not indicative of some sort of change. And then, obviously, in the second half of the year, we're starting in the fall time frame when we are back into the designing and implementing of the second deployment of SAP, all of these internal and external personnel-related costs will be capitalized, which will affect the investing cash flow, but not the operational cash flow. And so that, obviously, will help as well.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay. So, Brian, on the operating margin, you're correct that at the beginning of the year, we talked about an 11% to 11.5% target on the margin. And given the margin on a reported basis, and all of this is good old GAAP reported margins, given where we were in the first quarter, we brought that down to be around 10%. And what changed a little bit since that and now we're saying, well, maybe 8% to 10% for the year is taking this time to do the support phase of ERP brings operating costs to the P&L that originally were assumed to be capitalized. And on top of that, we continue to be cautious in watching the top line. You know that our margin is impacted pretty significantly by whatever goes on, on the top line. So I think our caution for the remainder of the year, given that we're halfway through the year and we're still in single digits in terms of a GAAP reported operating margin and we know that we have a few more months of ERP as an operating expense rather than a capital expense, and our caution with what -- watching the top line has led us to have a range of thinking 8% to 10% for this year in terms of a full year GAAP operating margin. Now having said that, a lot of this is being driven by the fact that we continue to be in investment mode here at Bio-Rad. And systems is one investment, that's clearly a sizable investment. We're also investing in building our presence in some of these higher growth emerging markets where we're putting up pretty solid double-digit top line growth. But again, it's an operating expense that we're absorbing today for a benefit in the future. Our longer-term goal, when we get ERP behind us, of getting our operating margin back to that mid-teen, we were at about 14.8% before we turned on the investment spigot, that hasn't changed. And our goal to get back to that level we were, if not higher, the mid-teens to the higher teens is still there and still achievable. And, of course, it's just a matter of timing and a matter of getting through the ERP, which continues to be a multiple year project. And a good portion of the return, as I said earlier, sits in Europe. And we -- it will be a few more years before we do the European deployment, which stretches out the timing of getting to that mid- to high teens level. But the proposition and the underlying assumptions of what can be achieved has not changed.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay, Sam, good questions. In terms of the trajectory in the operating margin for the remainder of the year, you're right. We don't really give specific quarterly guidance. Again, our historical pattern is we do have a more attractive margin generally in our fourth quarter. And I fully anticipate by the fourth quarter, we will be back into full implementation on the ERP side, which should relieve that cost burden that we're bearing right now of the internal and external labor on the projects. So that ought to help the margin. Q3 is always a little more difficult margin quarter for us because of seasonality in Europe and things like that. But other than that, that's the most clarification I can give you in terms of this 8% to 10% range. Obviously, we'd like to be at the higher end, not the lower end of that range. Regarding the debt and the refinancing, I think you're right, and the things that we're looking at now are options. We recognize that we have a fair amount of cash on the balance sheet. For sure, we don't want to carry 8% money, especially in this interest rate environment and our credit quality. And the decision-making process that we're going to be going through now is looking at our options of taking the debt out or refinancing it all or part or, frankly, even more. And the balance that we're going to strike is looking at the investment opportunities that we see on the horizon, especially on the acquisition front, and balance that with the ability to lock in some relatively attractive long-term money. So we -- those are the -- you hit it on the head. I mean, I think we can argue it both ways, but we're going to sharpen our pencils and work through this and make some decisions here over the next couple of months.
Christine A. Tsingos: So the majority of our cash is actually here in the U.S. and very usable, as you say, but even our cash that's offshore, again as I mentioned, we are investing in many of these high-growth markets, and so finding use for the cash there in terms of investing for the future. So -- but 75% plus of our cash is held here in the U.S., and even of the 25% that's outside of the U.S., a lot of it is used for operating activities or acquisitions. We -- the Serotec acquisition, for example, that we acquired at the beginning of this year, we were able to use our foreign cash.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay. Thanks, Allison. Thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join us today for the earnings call, and we look forward to hopefully seeing you soon. Bye bye.
