Andrew Last: Thank you, Ilan. So I'd like to take a few minutes to review our current state of operations around the world. Before I begin, we would like to recognize our employees globally who have continued to work above and beyond to serve our customers during the pandemic. We truly appreciate the hard work and dedication across our organization.  As a reminder, we have 3 key areas of focus as we continue to manage through this challenging period: the ongoing safety of our employees, continuing manufacturing operations to ensure product supply and support of our customers, and making sure we make progress on our core strategies. We have now established routine practices around the world to improve employees' safety. We have adapted our policies and approaches to local conditions and requirements, and I'm very pleased with the productivity we have been able to achieve.  Work from home continues where required. And for those in our facilities, we are continuing to implement broad safety procedures, and we continue to experience minimized case numbers. In the U.S., we have now implemented a fast turnaround testing solution for suspected cases using a droplet digital PCR test and can rapidly deliver results back to an employee. This has enabled us to avoid significant work downtime, summing to over a full year productivity equivalent so far.  In manufacturing, our operations teams continue to be flexible in meeting the demand shift driven by the pandemic. We have flexed well to meet the high demand for our PCR products, which increased in Q3, and we have scaled back where needed, mainly for our diagnostics products. We are now past the majority of the initial scale-up issues we encountered with supply chain disruption early in the pandemic and believe we are well positioned to meet future needs. Lastly, we continued to work on our core initiatives and strategies, in particular, in R&D, where we now have all our labs operational.  Thank you. And now I'll pass it back to Ilan.
Andrew Last: Yes. I think certainly, Brandon, we -- this does give us an opportunity to rethink some of the way we operate. I think that -- I think we've all seen how successful we've been working in a remote environment, and it wouldn't surprise me if -- as we return to normal, there is somewhat less travel than we've experienced in the past. And I'm sure there's some other areas like that, that we can think about where we can continue to work on our SG&A.
Andrew Last: So this is Andy. I mean we're not typically commenting on the litigation situation with regard to 10x. And so I think we'll kind of continue to work through that litigation. And we'll obviously report when there's something that we feel we can disclose.
Andrew Last: So I mean Annette can certainly chime in as well on the back end of my comments. But as you probably know, the majority of our COVID-related sales are instrument placements since we don't have an established molecular diagnostics franchise. So our sales are more related to capacity building than they are test pull-through. So our point of view on Q4 is demand is there. We think it's going to be overall a bit softer than Q3.
Andrew Last: May I add an extra dimension to that? I think -- so obviously, the resurgence is something that we need to kind of keep our eye on extremely closely, though. I think we're also experiencing that many people have learned how to work now with COVID as the backdrop. And so unlike the first surge of the year, we think it's likely to be more moderated, but it's certainly not going to go without impact. And so it's much harder to gauge how much impact there might be from this current resurgence that's going on.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Thank you, Patrick. So first of all, $98 million was the incremental revenue that was associated with the COVID-19-related sales. The vast majority is associated with our core PCR and ddPCR, lesser extent, I mean, a very small number was associated with our serology test. And again, most of it were instruments. And that's the split. And when we think about Q4, we currently believe that it will be a lower number than the Q3 number.
Ilan Daskal: In Q2, if you recall, it was about $71 million overall with a similar kind of split between the core PCR, ddPCR and the serology in terms of the ratios. And so far, it's a little bit difficult to tell. It's going to be probably somewhere in between those two, but maybe slightly lower. But it's probably not going to be much less below the Q2 numbers. That's what we think about right now.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. So definitely, the COVID-related sales contributed both on the mix side as well as on the utilization, and these were the main components. There was some headwinds associated with freight, for example. But for the most part, it is the mix and the contribution of COVID-19-related products as well as for the utilization in some of the manufacturing footprint.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. So we plan to press release some financial measures. And stay tuned. But we'll follow-up with several calls as well.
Ilan Daskal: Thank you, Brandon. I'll start, and Andy will chime in. Generally speaking, we definitely continue to enjoy some of the lower discretionary expenses, although some of these expenses did start to come back, but they're definitely not at the level of pre-pandemic. So assuming that we'll get back to pre-pandemic level, SG&A will continue to be higher from the prior quarter. And some of it was associated also with employee-related expenses. So if you think about the mid-30s level that we were there, we continue with our cost-saving initiatives that we started before the pandemic, and we are very successful in terms of realizing savings there. With that said, we believe that currently, we run below our normalized level of SG&A. So I expected some more kind of in between.
Ilan Daskal: We need the EUA if labs choose to create their own LDT through components, put full insulin together. They're at full liberty to do that, and that's obviously why many are buying our system and then building their own assay.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. It's a good question. It's nothing that's evident to us. That's not to say that there may not have been a pocket of catch-up here and there, but nothing that we would say that we -- is evidenced whilst it's been material to Q3, the Q3 results.
Ilan Daskal: I don't -- I'll start to add on to my initial response, which is that, no, I think our quality control business, very broad-based across routine testing and COVID-related controls are really only a small component. So it's more indicative to us of sequential improvement in routine testing across the board.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. That's an interesting question. Certainly, we've spent a fair amount of time thinking about that, and it's an obvious opportunity for us. And as Annette said, we've got an EUA in the FDA now on the shorter term. But yes, we are thinking about longer term what more could we do.
Ilan Daskal: So I think that, that's pretty global. I don't see any one particular geography that's where we're more or less exposed. And again, it's an area that we're watching very closely to -- quite aware of the fact that this thing isn't going away.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. Thank you, Danny. It's a great question. I mean, basically, in the near term, we don't think it has any impact on our operations. And obviously, we are currently working on the resolution. So that's our thinking right now.
Ilan Daskal: All right. Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to connecting with you in the next quarter. Thank you.
Annette Tumolo: Okay. Thanks, Brandon. So the wastewater surveillance market is a brand-new opportunity for us for COVID. And we're doing some background work to try and understand the size of the market opportunity. But we think the need for surveillance to detect early community outbreak is likely to be a longer-term need, and we're very well positioned to support this with our ddPCR products.  Yes, there are other technologies that you can use, but looking for that needle in the haystack in an environment with a lot of inhibitors, as you might imagine, is a situation that ddPCR can really serve quite well. So we're pleased with the uptake we've taken so far, and we're really taking a harder look at what the longer-term opportunity is.  Second question -- oh, so non-COVID. Like the clinical diagnostics market, we're seeing some gradual return to normal. We're not quite there yet. But sequentially, we see the improvement of revenue coming in from our core products. And this means people are back at the lab doing experiments, western blooding, things like that. So we're optimistic. I think like our own R&D teams, I think research labs around the world are figuring out the right algorithm to have people come back in the lab and stay safe and get some work done. So I think we're starting to see that as part of the return to normal.
Annette Tumolo: No. Sorry, I was just going to add we're somewhat new to the molecular diagnostics market, but we have submitted a qPCR test to the FDA for an emergency use authorization. So stay tuned for that.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. So it's certainly early days with the technology, but we are seeing some traction in the market. We are investing in a new next-generation platform, and the work is progressing quite well. We're also developing a series of application-based kits for the single cell market. So we're very excited about the R&D that's going on in Ann Arbor. And like I said, supporting that with significant investments.
