Norman Schwartz: Okay. Thanks, Ilan. Just a few general comments, I think if you look – for me, if you look past all the viruses that are floating around, I think we are pleased with the underlying progress and we continue to make on the 2020 goals that we've been pursuing. That progress is for me a combination of good steady sales growth and expense discipline. On the sales side of the equation, the markets for our products continue to grow around the world and our outlook for 2020 is positive. I think for me that outlook is driven by the robust markets, but also by the planned introduction of new products and platforms across the business and the full year effect of products introduced in 2019, most notably probably the QX ONE Droplet Digital PCR System introduced late in the year. I think the outlook also factors in the effect of two acquisitions we completed in 2019 one in Life Science and one in Diagnostics. So as you see from the results we also continue to make progress on improving our operating income largely driven by a focus on SG&A expenses. But we also benefited from some of the supply chain improvements that, we've previously talked about. I guess, there's certainly more we can do to capture the benefits of the investments, we've made in systems and the organization and in the markets that we're pursuing. And I do look forward to another year of progress.
Norman Schwartz: We do source some -- obviously some electronic parts and those kinds of things from China. To date, we haven't seen big disruptions in that. Again we just have to wait and see.
Norman Schwartz: Okay. Yeah. So obviously considering the cash on our balance sheet and the lack of debt we have or the very little debt we have, and the earnings we've got. We got a fair amount of capacity we could do something fairly reasonably sized. Again for us, it's always been about the valuations and making sure that we get a good payback on it.
Ilan Daskal: Thank you, Brandon. I appreciate the question. So to your first question, the answer is yes. I mean, we plan to capture $5 million out of the $20 million. And the remaining $15 million, we currently don't anticipate or plan or kind of forecast to recover the $15 million from Q4. And when you think about the overall expenses and the impact on the operating expenses, it was broad-based overall. I mean you can think about to the disruption, to manufacturing, to operations, in general. And there was a tail, throughout the quarter. So it's very difficult to kind of carve it out from the ongoing results. And so, what we decided to do is just to, kind of announce what were the overall results. It's all baked into the results that we announced.
Ilan Daskal: Yeah. So, Sartorius usually, historically at least, tend to pay the dividend either in Q1 or Q2, and the first half of the year sometime. And the way we think about the EBITDA overall Brandon is a run rate of 20%, when you take into account the dividend from Sartorius. On a full year basis, it would be, in 2021.
Ilan Daskal: So Brandon, yeah, I mean, as Andy mentioned, the focus is to continue to extract leverage from -- mainly on the SG&A. And the focus is on the SG&A line for 2020. We do plan to have an Investor Day sometime in the second half of the year, which we will lay out kind of the follow-on strategy beyond 2020. And we'll communicate more then.
Ilan Daskal: And Brandon to your other question regarding the tax rate. So the change that was made this quarter was retroactive for 2018. So the overall rate was down to 24% on an ongoing basis, it's about 26% maybe we think with regarding long-term right now with our current tax structure somewhere in the mid-20s. That's the way we think about it right now.
Ilan Daskal: So to your first question Jack, the -- most of the revenue was with Life Science for the fourth quarter. And the guidance, yeah, everything is all-in and Q4 will be an easier comp, yes.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. I mean, we plan to repurpose some of it Jack obviously with the consolidation that Andy mentioned in Europe. I mean, the strategy is really to repurpose it to the growth areas and locations. So, it was in Europe and a few other locations as well the restructuring itself.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. Thank you, Patrick. I appreciate the question. So, there was an incremental cost mostly in Q4. There is some tail end going into Q1, but as you can see specifically when you look into the operating expenses, we have been investing a lot in terms of improving the -- and the focus on the SG&A. And with the incremental cost, I think the results is -- we are very satisfied with what we end up the Q4 results. And so it's all baked in the forecast for 2020 and the actual. And so, there is some small tail in -- tail end going into Q1 most of it was baked in Q4.
Ilan Daskal: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Brandon. So in Q4 inventory was down about $34 million. And most of it actually was associated with the cyber-attack that we had to deplete some of our safety stock. Overall, we had a target to reduce year-over-year inventory, which is part of the $34 million and so the way to think about it going into 2020, it will go up probably somewhat in the first half. And there is another target to take it back down towards the end of 2020.
Andy Last: Yeah. So, I mean these were small kind of early phase technology tuck-ins. So I mean, it's kind of -- and it's not -- it's a very small number. There'll be new products coming out from the work we've done on those tuck-ins. So it will contribute. We're looking forward to it, as well a focus on getting those established in the marketplace so we can build on that position in 2021 and beyond.
Andy Last: Yeah. I think first to reiterate your first comment it is tough to tell the full outlook on the impact in China. Our supply chain in China, I think is probably very similar to other major Life Science and Diagnostic companies. We do have manufacturing in Singapore and DCs around the region. So we're just -- we’re subject to the same let's call it reduced workforce challenges that exist in the warehouses and the channel support infrastructure in China. I think we're no better or no worse than anybody else at this point in time.
Andy Last: Yeah. This is Andy. So we took a broad-based restructuring charge in Europe in Q4. The channel was certainly a piece of that. As we looked at our let's call it channel structure across the Diagnostics business relative to lab consolidation for example. And so, we're really fine-tuning the channel and our infrastructure there to reflect the European performance and the consolidation that's gone on on the Diagnostic side.
Annette Tumolo: Okay. So, yes, we had a decision out of the International Trade Commission that we are found to directly infringe three of the 10X patents on our NGS sample prep products. This is completely unrelated to Droplet Digital PCR products. And although, we're really focused on developing new products and building our market presence in the single-cell area, the impact of that decision on current revenue isn't material at all. And we have a vibrant and active R&D program to develop new products in this area. We released one last year called the ATAC-Seq RNA sample prep product. So we're in this market for the long run. But this decision doesn't really have material impact on our revenues.
Annette Tumolo: And I guess, I'll add one more thing. It really won't impact our customers either because we took steps to have manufacturing domestic, manufacturing for all of those products.
Annette Tumolo: Yeah. I mean, we have certainly seen an uptick in demand across all of our PCR products both reagents and platforms. So yeah, I mean, I think we might get a little upside there.
