Christine A. Tsingos: Dan, as you probably know, EPS is not a number that we guide to. We haven't historically and we don't intend to. We try and give some margin help.
Christine A. Tsingos: No, I think product mix, which is typical of our fourth quarter. Oftentimes, it'll shift more heavily towards instruments, which do carry a lower gross margin. In this case, I think most of the pressure we felt was on the Diagnostics side of the business where the instrument placements in Q4 were pretty sizable. And then also the onetime expense associated with some consolidation of manufacturing sites.
Christine A. Tsingos: And the other thing, Dan, remember that last year we didn't have the med device tax, too, and that's a burden, $1.5 million to $2 million a quarter for us, as well.
Christine A. Tsingos: So our current expectation is that we will spend 2014 doing the design and blueprinting for what we call deployment 2, and deployment 2 brings in the rest of the U.S. You may remember that our first deployment was small portion of our U.S. business so we could run our test case on the global design, et cetera. This year, we will be working on the design for the rest of North America, for the most part, and hopefully we'll go live with that in 2015.
Christine A. Tsingos: A little bit, Brandon. And as I mentioned, I think the momentum for Life Science is picking up or even starting to see signs of life in Europe. So our expectation is that growth, organic growth, should accelerate as we move into 2014. Having said that, on the Diagnostic side, which represents 2/3 of our sales, the headwinds are pretty strong. Europe is a huge portion, almost a 1/3 of their total revenues and it's a tough market. We're actually anticipating that it will be down for us next year. And so I think the net of those 2 is what's keeping our current expectation to be very similar growth rate in 2014 as we saw in 2013.
Christine A. Tsingos: Brandon, I don't have that in front of me right this minute. So let me see if I can get that and then I'll come back a bit.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: This is Brad. I'll take this. Clearly, infectious disease is an area, general pathogen detection, but really, around oncology and rare event detection. I mean, what people are finding is that there's certain applications that can be done with Digital PCR that just couldn't be done before. And we're seeing a lot of traction in that area.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: This is Brad. I think, in general, we had a stronger fourth quarter in systems or hardware. But in general, there wasn't anything really that stands out between the third and fourth quarter for process chromatography.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Well, we're seeing something in the range of sort of 20% to 25% of the revenue coming from consumables. And one of the things that's very encouraging is we watch the placements of these instruments in the sense that this is fairly unique within a life science context of a closed platform. We have a pretty good measure of how these instruments are being used and they're being used quite heavily. So that's a very encouraging sign for our future.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: This is Brad, and we'll talk about Life Science. [Technical Difficulty] Are you still there? Okay. So actually we did see a turnaround in North America, certainly as we settled the government sequestration that appeared to be ending, and ultimately, that helped a little bit in the US. Europe was strong for us. And Europe has been kind of returning and coming back online as governments sort of rationalized their austerity measures. We saw particularly strong growth in the emerging markets, specifically in Russia. We've invested a lot there in building out a direct sales organization. We were still tempered a little bit as we've made this transition in China and kind of getting that behind us in the fourth quarter. And Japan did pretty good for the fourth quarter, again with pushes of major currency headwind there.
Norman D. Schwartz: Of course, as you know, we've got about $600 million in cash that we'd obviously like to deploy. We've been kind of pretty careful of not letting that burn a hole in our pocket in the meantime as we bid on assets in '13. I would say that it seems that there's not a tremendous amount in the pipeline at the moment. There are a few things out there that we were kind of taking a look at, but it's not -- the funnel is not as full as it has been in the past. Having said that, there are a couple of interesting things that we are looking at and hopeful that we can land something.
Norman D. Schwartz: Well, I think Brad alluded to the distributor changeover that we had. I think that we were a little bit surprised by the magnitude of the impact that, that had. And I would also say we're a little bit -- well, maybe we shouldn't have been surprised, but surprised by the government shutdown, which also took its toll on the Life Science business. Sequestration, we had a kind of a sense that was coming, but the shutdown later in the year was a big surprise for us.
Norman D. Schwartz: We're focused on -- I mean, certainly, the top line and in trying to grow the top line, especially in these emerging markets areas where we seem to have some pretty robust markets. And internally, also working on the cost side of the equation, looking at our whole kind of the product delivery, how we can more effectively and efficiently deliver the products to the customers. We call that internally our logistics kind of pipeline. And the kind of ringing costs out of the manufacturing organization. Those are some of the things that we're focused on.
Norman D. Schwartz: I think that, obviously, you get benefit out of the ERP. But I mean, there are lots of projects that we've got going on that are independent.
Norman D. Schwartz: I think the experience has actually been quite good. We managed to turn on the first phase and the place didn't collapse like seems to happen at a lot of these things. A few teething problems, I will admit, as we proceeded during the year. But by and large, it's gone pretty well. And so I think that gives us a lot of confidence in the program that we've got and the ability to get deployment 2 done.
John Goetz: This is John on the Diagnostics side. With respect to North America, our business there is growing and we're focusing a largely amount of our time in the controls and diabetes area as well as immunohematology. Is a transition over to Europe? That is really one where we are challenged. I think, as Christine mentioned, we have price pressures there as well as lab consolidations in the segments that we're in, blood virus being one of the ones that's really, I would say, the area that we're most challenged in. With respect to the emerging markets of Eastern Europe and then as you go into the Asia area, we're doing quite well in all of our segments, particularly diabetes. We're seeing those markets evolving in the area of quality control as more and more hospitals and laboratories are interested in implementing quality control in those markets as well as in immunohematology. We had some very nice placements in the fourth quarter and that did hurt our margins a bit, but we look forward to getting the reagent streams in the future.
John Goetz: Yes, we're continuing to broaden it in the autoimmune area. We simply released our celiac test in the United States. It's been on the market since early 2013 outside the U.S. And then we're continuing to work on developing the infectious disease or serology line on that platform.
John Goetz: No. Like I said, it's a development process and we're, like I said, we're working on it now. We have hopes that in the coming year we'll be able to have something available.
John Goetz: Yes, that is clearly in our plan to do that and we're working away at it now. We have a number of initiatives in that area. It is an area of investment for us and has been. I think one of the things that we're focusing on in Diagnostics is to deliver some of these chronic systems to the market that we had targeted. So we're working hard at that. Some of these things are hard to predict because they have a pretty high hurdle in the regulatory area, so I'm a little bit reluctant to try to predict exactly when that's going to happen.
