Patrick Donnelly: Hey guys. Thank you for taking the questions. Ilan maybe on the Life Science business, you have touched on it there at the end suggesting the year maybe comes in at the top end of that guide. And again the guide initially was certainly well above what we were expecting and a nice growth rate. Can you just talk about what you saw in the quarter there first of all to come in above expectations and then secondly, again, to give you the confidence to raise that? I know there's some supply chain things and things you guys are watching, but would love some color around the drivers of that business doing a little bit better.
Patrick Donnelly: Okay. And then Ilan maybe on the margin side obviously kind of reiterating that kind of up margin guide there. Can you just talk about how the quarter tracked relative to your guys' expectations? Again visibility into kind of hitting that number. I know the restructuring should start to help at the end of the year, but maybe just talk about the different levers you guys have to pull and what you saw in the quarter on the margin front. 
Patrick Donnelly: All right. And last one Ilan maybe for you just on the capital allocation side. You mentioned no shares repurchased in 1Q with the stock hovering at call it $500. You guys have been opportunistic in the past. What does the window look like here given the market volatility? Thank you.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Thank you, Patrick. Appreciate the question. I'll start maybe with the gross margin. There were several moving parts obviously starting the quarter. But as the quarter progressed, there were areas that we knew in advance for example the product mix with the COVID, kind of, subsiding which is a little bit of a headwind to margin. There were others that were some tailwind. Logistics is still a headwind. With elevated freight that's another component that was definitely out there. We saw some of the discretionary expenses that are starting to come back as well as service costs that we are -- kind of, within the customers' premises and servicing customers. And that's kind of -- when you think about it year-over-year, definitely, we see a difference there. And the last point that I'll call out here there was some headwind, specifically this quarter, which is associated with our ramp in our Singapore facility with some of the transitioning from our European kind of closure. And these are costs that we did expense and is part of the gross margin and so it's kind of a duplication of cost for this quarter that we saw.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. Thanks Patrick. Appreciate the question. There are a few aspects here. First, we obviously will continue to be opportunistic in the approach. And similar to the past, once we feel comfortable, we won't be shy to step in with larger amounts of the buyback. With that said, we continue to balance it with the other capital allocation kind of matrixes in terms of potential inorganic activities and we need to prioritize and to balance between all the other aspects. And that will continue to be kind of the driver for us in terms of determining the right timing to step in, in terms of the buyback.
Ilan Daskal: So, generally speaking, Asia is just over 20% for us. Overall, China is a material portion of the overall kind of Asia revenue. We historically did not kind of split between the two groups, but that's kind of, if I had to quantify it on a high level, Brandon.
Ilan Daskal: So it was on a GAAP that it was down. It was mainly the restructuring last year. On a non-GAAP, actually, it was slightly up from $184 million to $192 million. And so, these are employee-related and some insurance payment that we received last year. So these were many pretty minor changes. But, overall, the GAAP that you're alluding to is more on a GAAP basis, not on a non-GAAP basis.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. So, Jack, thanks for the question. We are guiding on a full year basis and that's where probably we'll remain kind of in terms of the overall guidance. What I can say as we mentioned during the call the supply chain constraints, we expect them to ease by midyear for Life Science. And that's part of the reason that we felt comfortable to up the midpoint of the guidance for Life Science to the higher end of the range of between 16% and 18%. For Diagnostics it will take probably through the end of the year and that's the reason that we a little bit lowered the guidance range over there. 
Ilan Daskal: Yes. Jack I mean we originally thought about most of the amount to be more on the first half of the year. We currently don't have a better visibility that we feel comfortable to change that number.
Ilan Daskal: So first of all, we baked it into our forecast already in the beginning of the year. We do not assume that it's going to go back to pre-pandemic level. That was not part of our guidance. But it's above the 50% level that it was during the pandemic. So it's 50% from the pre-pandemic and above the pandemic itself. 
