Annette Tumolo: Sure. This system was really designed primarily for BioPharma customers, and we know that we have current BioPharma customers who are interested in adopting the new system as well. But there are customers who have been waiting for this system because of the workflow and the multiplexing capability. I'm not sure if that answered all of your questions, Brandon.
Annette Tumolo: That's a great question. So we made sure that this platform was 100% compatible with our current platform and assays. So we have thousands of RUO assays that are available for people to buy today and they can buy them tomorrow for the QX ONE. In addition, we'll be rolling out 4 color versions of those assays, so they could increase their multiplexing in one well with validated assays. Over time, we will likely move this platform into the IVD market, and that's when we'll have regulated menu developed.
Annette Tumolo: Well, I can say that we have spoken with quite a few current customers who intend to continue to use their old platform and add this platform into their workflow, and we have also spoken to quite a few new customers as well who don't have our platform yet. This is a higher-end platform than the QX200. So you get a lot more flexibility and ease of use and workflow flexibility, and you'll have to pay a little bit more for the platform.
Annette Tumolo: What I can tell you is we have several active programs. We just launched a new product for epigenomics in single cell. It's our ATAC-Seq product that is generating a lot of interest with our customers, and our collaborators are generating a lot of really great data using that kit. And we're working on next-generation systems for a single-cell RNA-Seq as well.
Annette Tumolo: Well, I think we're seeing good demand in our flow analysis products. And with respect to the ZE5, we see a lot of traction in pharma and BioPharma due to the particular feature set and value proposition it offers those customers.
Brandon Couillard: Oh, I think so. Okay. And then maybe -- I'm not sure if Andy's here. Maybe Ilan, you could speak to -- now that you've sort of been in the business for about 6 months, where do you see some of the best opportunities for cost outs? And any specifics -- specific actions you would expect to take kind of over the next 12 months would be helpful.
Brandon Couillard: Maybe one for you, John. One of the other diagnostics players in the space alluded to some material change in the macro environment in China, specifically for diagnostics. Just curious if you've seen any changes in the landscape there.
Brandon Couillard: Right. Maybe one for Norman, just to round out here. Cash continues to build pretty substantially on the balance sheet. The buyback is relatively immaterial in the third quarter. Just give us a sense of perhaps why the buyback doesn't seem to be a higher priority? And kind of your current view on the M&A pipeline and whether or not you might be any closer to finding something attractive out there.
Andrew Last: I can certainly add. I mean SG&A -- I think Ilan called it out in the script. This is Andy, I'm sorry. SG&A continues to be a focus area for us, and we'll continue to work to reduce that as a percent of sales. Operating efficiencies broadly a gain though well -- we're not working to the release 2020 guidance yet or any expectations around that, but -- and SG&A is the primary focus for us.
Andrew Last: So with respect to China, more specifically, we've been encouraged by our year-to-date performance. We remain optimistic for Q4. I think like everybody else, we'd also put out the caveat that we're closely watching the geopolitical situation and impact of tariffs, which have been, so far, modest in our exposure. But we keep an eye on that for the long term and any changes. So we're cautiously optimistic as we look forward in China.
Andrew Last: Yes. I think we're optimistic about exiting 2020. And I've stated -- with our stated targets in hand, I think at this point to say we can't achieve that.
Ilan Daskal: So, Jack. Yes, thanks for the question. The answer -- the short answer is yes. I mean we still project the incremental growth to be this year. So obviously, most of the growth we projected in Q4.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. Great question. Thanks, Jack. There is, obviously, the mix with more consumables in this quarter relative to Q3 of 2018. That was definitely one major component there. And two other items that I would highlight will be the lower inventory reserves and the lower logistics cost. These are two items that we called out last year at the same time. And these are definitely items that in assay areas that we improved, and that contributed to the incremental gross margin this quarter.
Ilan Daskal: So, Jack. Yes, thank you. For this year, we project a 27% rate. Overall, it depends on the geographic mix. That's one main item that does impact the overall non-GAAP rate. And long term, we may get to the mid-20s, but I'm not -- I mean I'm not ready right now to kind of forecast 2020, and I'll provide an update on the next call. But for this year, it's still at the 27% level.
