Ron Hutton: Thank you, Jimmy. Before we begin the call, I would like to caution everyone that we will be making forward-looking statements about management's goals, plans and expectations, our future financial performance and other matters because our actual results may differ materially from our plans and expectations, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and I encourage you to review our filings with the SEC where we discuss in detail our risk factors in our business. The Company does not intend to update any forward-looking statements made during the call today. Our remarks today will also include references to non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted income per share which are financial measures that are not defined under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Investors should review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP results contained in our earnings release. With that I'd like to turn the call over to Ilan Daskal, EVP and CFO.
Ron Hutton: Well, I think in the in the earlier narrative, we talked a little bit about Asia and parts of Europe being a little bit weak Asia because of sort of the ordering lumpiness and there were certain parts of Europe, I'd say probably non-core Europe that were weaker. And we did see some growth in quality control and diabetes on a global level but we didn't highlight that because it wasn't as strong as both the BioPlex autoimmune business and blood typing.
Ron Hutton: Yes. We did actually see some growth in quarter one. I think we've mentioned over the last few calls, if you go back to couple of years, there was some consolidation in Europe and assets load growth and then we talked at our last earnings call about EMEA having worked through the D3 transition for SAP that seems to be continuing and they did show growth overall for this quarter, which was encouraging.
Ron Hutton: Yes. I'll start with the first question and Brandon overall guidance and confidence for us at both the group level and in Asia is fine we would stick with that. Blood typing continues to be strong, we don't really talk about competitive shares but we grew the business nicely in the first quarter. Adoption in the U.S. has been really good with the recent FDA approvals of the IH24 and then just last month IH500, we expect that to improve. We always start the medium volume market was the largest part of the market in the United States and IH500 is particularly well suited for that, so we continue to see good prospects for that business overall.
Ron Hutton: And Jack to your second question. So in Q1, I mean after we filed, we had a close window, so we were not able to since the beginning of the year to be in the market. Generally speaking we will continue to be opportunistic with the buyback and it depends on the timing and when we feel that it sees the right opportunity for us to step in.
Ron Hutton: Okay, thank you everyone for joining our call today and we appreciate your continued interest. Thank you.
Norman Schwartz: Sure. I think Ilan covered the quarter well. I just wanted to say that it's great to have both Ilan and Andy, Andy last on Board, both recently joined us and they both bring a wealth of experience and fresh perspectives to Bio-Rad. As you may know, Ilan's background is in accounting and finance and he has spent most of his career in the semiconductor industry mostly with global companies. Andy, is rooted in the biological sciences and over the years he has progressed through product and general management at some recognizable names like Applied Biosystems, BD and Affymetrix and bringing with him a wealth of industry and operational experience. I think they both joined us as we're off to a good start for the year. And the organization looks forward to their contributions. And with that, Jimmy, I think we'll open up the line to take your questions.
Norman Schwartz: And let me add to that also for Asia, specifically, we believe it's a timing issue and it's not kind of a sustained weakness that we see so far.
Norman Schwartz: So, one timers for example on the top-line on the process from, it's going to fluctuate as it does every year and that's the one that I can think about here right now.
Norman Schwartz: So generally, we don't break down the specific of each product line but the growth between blood typing is very nice and the pull through continues to be healthy and we are very pleased with the progress, I mean including the penetration into the U.S. market.
Annette Tumolo: Hi, this is Annette. So we saw good growth across all our geographies, we called the Americas out because they were particularly strong. So I don't have anything bad to say about growth in Europe and EMEA and Asia. They are growing across all of our key product areas.
Annette Tumolo: I can probably answer some of those questions, Brandon. So we continue to see really good adoption for liquid biopsy application. It's is growing across all geographies. So we are very happy about that and we see really strong sales into the biopharma segment, both in discovery and in the QC and manufacturing and as people are manufacturing some of these newer cell-based drugs. So those are 2 areas that continue to drive good growth for us. Tell me what your other question was? We don't really talk about our installed base, but to say it's growing, and we expect this year to really continue the consumable pull through on all of those products as well.
Annette Tumolo: We were happy that we had really strong growth across all of our core businesses and some of our newer businesses and good growth from process chromatography resins and that's one of those businesses where we can see fluctuations quarter-to-quarter in customer orders and we don't like to but we call that a lumpy business. So in the first quarter, we did have some pull through of orders that we expected to come in Q2, we got them in Q1. So I think that that moderates some of our expectations moving forward.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. So you may have heard that we achieved FDA clearance of the first Droplet Digital platform and test for use in liquid biopsy to monitor molecular response to chronic lukemia and we are going to launch that product in the second quarter by the end of the second quarter. So that was a really big development for us and we expect to see that help expand the adoption of lab developed tests on that platform, so these are all things that are helping expand our share in the liquid biopsy market. On the NGS sample prep single cell front, we have announced that we are launching in the next few weeks, a new application for interrogating the epigenomics of single cell, it's an attack seek kit for single cell NGS sample prep. So that's our next application coming out.
Annette Tumolo: I can answer the first part. We acquired a novel technology for genomic reagent application and right now we're kind of heads down, focused on getting the product transferred into our manufacturing plants, we plan to launch probably in the 4th quarter of this year and we'll have more to say about it closer to launch.
Brandon Couillard: All right, super and then maybe one for you, Ilan it's early but based on your first few weeks at the company, any reason to back off the 2020 targets? How would you just sort of describe your level of comfort with those that were established sort of by your predecessor? And any thoughts as to how you might be able to use the balance sheet more sensibly and do you think of carrying $400 million to $500 million of net cash is an optimal position for the balance sheet.
Brandon Couillard: Okay and then what are your net -- could you speak to in sort of the demand trends you're seeing in the ddPCR business any moderation in growth there at all? And what are some of the key drivers and applications that are driving adoption of that system and any chance you could share with us the update on where the global installed base stands now? Thank you.
Brandon Couillard: Okay. And then maybe last one for John, perhaps a little bit of a slower start arguably some timing dynamics in there in diagnostics in Asia but you still expect that business to grow 3% to 4% for the year and then specifically on the blood typing business, how do you think your growth stacks up relative to that level of the market? And could you sort of speak to perhaps your competitive win rate if you launch some of these newer platforms in the U.S.? Thank you.
