John Hertia: Sure. We don't actually disclose it's a growth by product line, but I would say that last year we did introduce two major platforms, both the D-100, the new diabetes instrument and the IH 500 for blood typing and Europe and both of those it had a really solid up-tick in systems. We've also seen some stabilization in the consolidation of labs, particularly in France. We don't know if that's as finalized, its shrinkage, but it seems to be lessening, and we're hoping that's a good indicator for the future.
John Hertia: Not too much new. We have turned in all the information to the FDA that they have requested. They had a couple of small follow up questions. Those were sent in. We think we have finalized all the information we need to send to them. At this point we are just waiting.
John Hertia: From a diagnostics perspective, probably the two dominating parts of Eastern Europe are Russia and the Middle East. And we did have some pretty good sales growth in Middle East, and we were able to work through some of the registration issues that have been affecting us in Russia, and we were able to ship out a little bit more than we had anticipated for both of those were a little better than we had expected.
Christine Tsingos: It’s about $2 million negative. I think year-to-date the headwinds on the revenue line are around $23 million and about $5 million on the operating income line. And that's really consistent with this kind of 20% to 25% of the top-line impact being felt on the operating line.
Christine Tsingos: I would characterize them more as one time rather than recurring. I mean, obviously, we always have certain legal things that can come and go from time to time. But these are specific to various matters.
Christine Tsingos: Well, good question. I think a lot of it Jeff is just kind of the way the business cycle works. In terms of typical patterns could that you would see in our first quarter or second quarter. I will say that I think the first quarter of this year was probably higher for those metrics than typical, and that's related a little bit to how the operating cycle works in the first quarter, but also as you point out, to stabilization and adoption of the system. And I think as time goes on, we continue to smooth it out and are more efficient on invoicing customers which then helps us be more efficient collecting from customers and so on. But our CSIs and CSOs are kind of business cycle driven through the year depending on typical quarterly patterns. The caution about the short term is, we will typically build inventory for a sizable sales projection that comes late in the year, and then as we move into next year, our goal is to go live with the European SAP system the first early April time frame and so it wouldn't surprise me if there was a little bit of inventory build in anticipation of that transition. But certainly, our long-term goal is significant improvement in TSI.
Christine Tsingos: So I think, I'll take the easy part of that answer and some of it is comparison from last year which last year at this time was a fairly tough quarter for both Life Science and Diagnostics. But not to the gate what is real growth going on over there. So I guess John Hertia I am not sure if you have anything specific to add about growth in Eastern Europe? For either of the groups.
Christine Tsingos: Okay sure. So I think taking the second half of your question, the Road project probably doesn't have a lot of savings for us going forward. These are Road was expensed all along, and we will just turn our focus to other opportunities within the diagnostics segment. So I don't anticipate that giving too much savings in the shorter term. And tell me again on the restructuring Brandon your question.
Christine Tsingos: Well, primarily because to do a restructuring in Europe is a long process. There is a notification period etc. and we don't anticipate a lot of changes in the structure or employees until after we have gone live with the system. And so a lot of that will happen throughout '17 if you well, and perhaps even somewhat into '18 all that I think the majority of it is '17. Because of the long notification period, we had the appropriate accounting to take the restructuring charge at this time, but the process of doing that will occur over the next 12 to 15 months.
Christine Tsingos: Sure, absolutely. We haven't really disclosed dollars or percentages specifically by category. But I can tell you that moving from 7% or 8% to 15% or even better starts at the cost of goods line and improving gross profit, and that through not only not better inventory management as I mentioned earlier, but having a smaller more appropriate footprint within our distribution channel and our savings there and some of that relates to this restructuring having regional European wide regional purchasing power it’s not global purchasing power on many of the direct and indirect materials that we buy. Those are just some of the areas where we can have savings in the gross margin. And then, as we look at SG&A, a lot of that is about people. You've heard us talk about over the last many years that in Europe we have a pretty significant opportunity to restructure and run the business more efficiently. It's a region where we've grown up centrally over time with a lot of our own locations and then we've layered on numerous acquisitions, and the result of that has been a fair amount of redundancy, especially in the back office. And so with a single system, we will be able to run the region much more efficiently, run it as a region rather than individual operations. And they are you will see the savings and certainly in employee related costs, but also hopefully we will gain efficiencies in the commercial organization by having more shared service operations for order entry and obviously in the finance organization by being able to take advantage of the single system, and again create shared sources for transactional accounting. So those are some of the broad categories where we will see the savings. In addition to that, they are spending today on very complex IT environment. We know when we started this journey we started with 39 ERP systems around the world, and as we move more towards a global SAP system and trying to get that 39 number down to hopefully something under 10, then we'll eliminate the costs associated with running all of those systems all over the world. So lots of different areas Brandon for us to achieve savings and return to the profitability levels we were at a few years ago if not even better profitability.
Christine Tsingos: I think it is very much related to the ERP planning, and again, the ERP will give us a foundation to run our business much more efficiently. It is as I mentioned a long process in many countries in Europe to do something like this, and you really can't started to see in. And we are meeting the continue to run the business until we are able to transition to a new operating footprint if you will. And a lot of focus frankly that we're going to have over the next several months is making sure that while we are transitioning through this period that we don't lose sight of running the day-to-day business today. But the timing is somewhat tied to an anticipation of going live next spring, but also being very cognizant of the process requirements in Europe.
Christine Tsingos: We did try to be very thoughtful and think about the long-term. I'm not going to say there won't be any charges for anything in the future. But we really did try and think about our future footprint and structure right down to the position, and that's related to this $11.7 million charge. If there are other infrastructure changes that we make, footprint reductions that we make, they may or may not have a charge associated with them. It’s not something I can estimate at this time. But certainly I hope we have been able to the bulk of the employee related charge.
Christine Tsingos: Okay. Great. Thanks, Dominion. Thank you everyone for taking the time to join us today, and hopefully we'll be seeing you soon. Bye-bye.
Brandon Couillard: Thanks. Christine to buy question for you. First, you quantified I think the cost savings you expect from the restructuring which you beginning the second half of '18. Are there any near term cost benefits from the terminating the R&D project that you spiked out? And then, I got a follow up on the ERP after that.
Brandon Couillard: And then one more for you while we're on the topic, with respect to the ERP program, you talked about getting back to mid-teens, 50% type margin was the system is fully go live globally. Can you just help us think through the bridge, the mechanics, spots in the P&L areas of the business that get is really from where we are this year in terms of 7%, 8% GAAP operating margin to that 50% level pretty soon after it is done.
Brandon Couillard: Extremely helpful, thank you. I haven't heard from Norman on the call. Just curious if what you're seeing in the M&A pipeline if there's anything interesting out there and sort of your appetite is for perhaps a larger deal as you sort of start going down the ERP effort in Europe? Thank you.
