Andrew Last: Thank you, Ilan. So I'd like to take a few minutes to review our current state of operations around the world. Overall Bio-Rad has adapted well to the working constraints that COVID has imposed upon us and we find ourselves able to respond and react well to everyday operational changes and demands. We continue to make solid progress on our core strategies support of our customers in the safety of our employees. With improvement in our end markets after significant downturn a year ago, we are responding well to increased demand, but as with other manufacturers in Life Sciences we are having to work hard to procure raw materials in some challenged areas such as plastics and electronic components as well as dealing with increased pressure on raw material costs. We also continue to experience higher than typical logistics costs as indicated in our Q1 call. With emergence of the COVID 19 Delta variant, we are maintaining our work from home policies for the near term as we work on return to the workplace plans targeted for later this quarter and we continue to monitor the global pandemic situation carefully. Given the fluidity, the delta variance has created. Employee safety remains a principal focus and we are pleased with our safety record and the growing vaccination status of our organization. As we enter Q3, we expect the emergence of the delta variant will continue to create some challenges and we are maintaining vigilance and flexibility as a result. Overall, we expect to see continued improvement in our end markets through the second half of the year as our customers continue to adapt. However, the new delta variant clearly introduces an element of uncertainty as we move forward. Thank you for your attention, and I'll pass it back to Ilan.
Andrew Last: Well, I mean I don't think we're breaking it out but we are certainly experiencing and absorbing the some higher costs coming through from logistics and the rest is really some modest raw material increases and then you know just challenges in procurement.
Andrew Last: Sure, so I think the uptick that we are forecasting Brandon is fairly broad-based. Clearly, the core business is coming back on both academic and in the institutional side as well as the industrial side, which has been more robust in the background. Anyhow clinical is coming back nicely across all the regions, maybe with the exception of elective surgeries, which still seem to be lagging a little bit behind the more routine testing and that's broad-based as well. So as we look to the second half, it's really across all of our product lines in both market segments in all regions. So I think that's the summary version of our second half.
Ilan Daskal: Hey good afternoon Patrick thanks for the question. Yes when you think about the margin and let's start with the gross margin. We do see already, a lot of benefit from the various initiatives that we had pretty around the efficiencies and productivity and that was definitely part of the results for this quarter and will continue to be part of, you know the guidance in the second half of the year. There were some headwinds – associated with our FX et cetera. But for the most part the benefit is associated with the ongoing initiatives around productivity and initiative. Similarly, we continue to see follow through not only from the higher guidance on the top line, and obviously you know improved utilization in the second half, but continued also benefit from those efficiencies and productivity.
Ilan Daskal: Sorry and then, then you have the mix impact for the COVID versus first half versus second half obviously the drop-off of the COVID-related sales to about $40 million to $50 million in the second half, does create kind of some level of headwind to the overall margins.
Ilan Daskal: Yes Brandon, I will add also that also when we compare it to the 2019 kind of results on a two-year stack overall for Bio-Rad it represent over 10% for the two years stack growth.
Ilan Daskal: Yes, obviously as you mentioned, Brandon the fourth quarter seasonally usually is higher, but this year is a little bit, kind of unpredictable the first half was a very, very good first half. Generally speaking, there is some benefit always from the fall through to the utilization and the gross margin, when you have a higher top line. So it's a gradual improvement on the bottom line as well as the gross margin, but again it will depend how the top-line will shape up.
Ilan Daskal: So Dan, we cannot comment today on the 2022 number generally speaking, I mean, let's say we can’t guide for that.
Ilan Daskal: So no, I'm not sure that I'm going to non-GAAP, but it was not included in our guidance that I provided.
Ilan Daskal: Thank you for joining today's call. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to connecting soon. Bye-bye.
Annette Tumolo: Sure, so we are – we acquired Cell C and their technology was pretty early stage, and I will admit that we were slowed down a little bit by COVID and getting all the staff on board for the investment we want to make in R&D. That said, we're making really good progress and we expect product to start rolling out in early 2022.
Annette Tumolo: Sure, we are seeing really strong demand in pharma and biopharma for the QX ONE System, because it was really frankly developed for that market segment. So really strong growth it's adding a lot of incremental growth to the business in the QX ONE. But we also have strong demand for our QX 200 systems. The wastewater surveillance market is evolving and we're now seeing more up-take in EMEA it started in the U.S., we don't expect that to slowdown. And we still sell an awful lot of QX 200 systems into pharma and biopharma as well. So really strong and our academic market has always been strong and it's a good mix across all three segments of platforms and the consumables that go along with it.
Annette Tumolo: Sure, sure we're definitely seeing strong recovery. So that's part of what's behind it like you're right our growth. If you look at growth over 2019 pre-COVID is really strong. It's a strong funding environment, one of the benefits may be of the pandemic is that government certainly in the U.S. and to some extent the EU have really scored a lot of funding into translational medicine, infectious disease, vaccine development, and we have a broad product portfolio that speaks to customer need across all of that. So we think that's really driving a lot of the growth and we're optimistic about the environment moving forward.
Norman Schwartz: Yes I mean, I guess I would say we continue to evaluate a robust number of what I call, both tuck-in and technology opportunities and candidly to look for something more transformational. So we continue to work on all of that.
Norman Schwartz: So there is the potential for wastewater to be more durable again that very much depends on the funding environment. But as you know the majority of our revenues were driven by instrumentation and we do view that market is becoming very saturated in terms of capacity right now. We do have some test revenue, but it's very small in relation to the instruments and to our peer set. So we currently see COVID tailing off to a relatively small number by the end of this year and then we'll see what 2022 brings in our guidance for next year, when we get there.
Norman Schwartz: I think it's more a general funding trend and it's kind of a staple in labs. So we view it as labs are getting up and running and just kind of doing the routine kind of characterization work that they typically do and they dry up during COVID now the labs are coming back and it's broad based, broad based return.
