Bradford J. Crutchfield: This is Brad, I'll take this question. I think, the situation in China in general is slower than it has been. I think it was particularly slow for Bio-Rad in the second quarter. As Christine pointed out, that was particularly more timing issues. I think, overall, I do see it improving in the second half for the year. And but certainly, I think, we're all seeing a much slower China than we've seen in the past.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Okay. So, yes, I think in general we're seeing a lot more saner practice in the marketplace. I can certainly attest to that. And as Christine pointed out, some of the more traditional products around electrophoresis and Thermal Cyclers and even qPCR has been somewhat impacted. But it's important to note that we do -- a lot of our business in China is around our gene expression product line, and it's because we've had some slowness on timing in China, or there was some slowdown as a result of timing in China, it really had a disproportionate impact on these types of products.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Well, I think you'll definitely see some more -- we'll see some impact in the quarter, and then the rest of the year. I mean, we're launching products around our imaging business, we have some have a new cell biology product. We have an extension into our Droplet Digital PCR system and a lot of assays. So it's -- these are things that tend to have a pretty good pent-up demand, so we're encouraged.
Christine A. Tsingos: Brandon, we don't usually talk about things in that detail, but it was enough for it to have a negative impact to their growth during the quarter.
Christine A. Tsingos: So we're probably not going to try and guess what the rate was. I mean, the European business, as we talked about in the past is generally about 1/3 of the Diagnostic overall sales, and it was down year-over-year. So you can't help but feel that. I think on the Life Science -- on the U.S. Diagnostics business, I think it was maybe up slightly, but still also feeling some competitive pressures. And that's probably another 1/3 of Diagnostics and so when you have 60%, it affects your overall growth rate. If both of those were growing in the low single digits, then we would've seen a very different result.
Christine A. Tsingos: And I think there's opportunity in both manufacturing costs and logistics, Brandon. We've talked about trying to consolidate some of our manufacturing, especially on the Diagnostics side, especially in Europe where we've taken on a lot of the acquisitions over the years. And again, it just -- it takes time, when you're dealing with those larger locations and people. On the logistics side, it's something that we pulled together on a global basis now to really look at it globally. And I think that the benefit to doing it that way is the ability to find some real savings. But it's going to take time for this -- for the group to really come together, and in our current IT environment, it's not as easy to do as it will be in the future state with a single ERP, but both have upside.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay. All right, everyone. Well, thank you very much for taking the time to join us today. We appreciate your support. Bye.
