Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. I think the difference is when I estimate, I really am looking at non-recurring as opposed to including non-cash. So I think the difference in the press release, you probably included the ongoing amortization of acquired intangible, and I did not, because that is more recurring in nature. But either way, I think we get to the same.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Well, certainly, if you look at the categories that we list in the press release and you look at the categories on this chart, many of them would fit the definition of non-GAAP that we've identified.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Well, I think under non-GAAP, that this is going to be mostly items that we're probably not aware of yet that are more non-recurring in nature, the one item that's on the list that is more known is amortization, and you can see what the number is in Q4 and use that as a baseline. But other than that, these are not items that we could predict.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: No. So, good question, Dan. When we talk about currency-neutral, we were actually looking at our plan as it would unfold in 2018, and then comparing that to the rate that 2017 unfolded, if you know what I mean. So there's kind of a Q1 way to two, three (00:30:21), it actually goes monthly. To make it a true currency-neutral, if we think about it using December 31 rate that it changed quite dramatically, then we would have the benefit of both higher growth and perhaps a little better margin expansion on a reported basis.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Well, certainly, it is a new level for us. Majority of that benefit is coming from the European structure. We do have to make some benefit from U.S. tax reform. But remember that historically the majority of our profits have been outside the United States. Having said that and directly to your question, as the business grows over time, so should the benefit. And so, while we look to 26% to 27% in 2018, depending on business performance, that could improve in 2019, 2020 and beyond.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. No, good question. And you're right, we don't give quarterly guidance, but it is important to kind of know some of the unusual patterns of 2017. As you pointed out, the second quarter of 2017 was a very difficult quarter for us with the go-live in Europe. And so as such, as we look at the second quarter of 2018, it's probably a relatively easier compare than others. And perhaps in Q3, maybe some of the reverse of that is true because in 2017, we made up so much in Q3. In the first quarter, I think especially when we look at the compare, Diagnostics had a very big quarter in Q1 of 2017. So that's a bigger hill for them. And now we've just reported a very impressive fourth quarter of 2017. So I'm not sure what that means for Q4 of 2018, but that's a big one to beat.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. I think that's fair. I mean, you're right, the multiples are fairly high. There are certain assets we would love to acquire, but we remain pretty disciplined with our model as Norman says, and we run a discounted cash flow model and are very much looking at that cash-to-cash payback. And with that being said, some of the businesses out there carry high multiples deservedly so, and others don't, so we're going to keep looking at this on a deal-by-deal basis.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So, for Life Science and the process media business in the fourth quarter, that was up about $7 million year-over-year. Infectious disease across the board for Diagnostics, this is probably the fourth or fifth year in a row that that business has declined, and for the full year, it's 15-or-so-plus million dollars. And part of being able to accelerate growth next year is hopefully not seeing that same level of decline.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So, we certainly haven't quantified every bucket. We have talked about the GnuBIO savings of about $15 million a year, ERP savings of about $15 million a year, obviously improvement in the gross margins. I think one of the many benefits to move into non-GAAP reporting is that we'll be able to have all of this on the same page in terms of how we're looking at the base operations of the business. And what I mean by that goes back to that earlier question about – that Tim had and viewing the margins with or without purchase accounting as we've made adjustments in our little table over the years and called it out on our script, it really was focused on the atypical or unusual non-recurring things, and as we move to non-GAAP, then we would also include amortization in that. So I think that'll get us all in a level...
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: ...Brandon, is that on a reported basis, with the weakening of the dollar now compared to where it's been over the past year, that not only will on a reported basis accelerate our top line growth rate, but could also help with some margin expansion beyond the 10% target.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Sure. Yeah. So, certainly, as we move through the year, we're going to see improvement. Our experience in the past has been it's generally taken us at least a year for things to more normalize and then little bit longer than that to really start to reap the benefits, and we don't anniversary that one year since go-live until the second quarter. But a lot of this will be driven by continued top line growth in generation, as well as process improvement in stabilization. So I think it builds through the year.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Tsingos. Thank you, Victor. All right, everyone, thank you very much for taking the time to be with us today. As always, we appreciate your interest in Bio-Rad and look forward to seeing you soon. Bye-bye.
John Goetz - Bio: So obviously, this is a kind of a – what I think of is a kind of a heavy operational role, obviously somebody with a kind of good overall general management experience in a larger environment like the one we're in, we have and we'll look at both internal and external candidates and that process is ongoing.
John Goetz - Bio: No, I don't think there is any fundamental change in the way we think about acquisitions. I think that we look for kind of payback on these on kind of a cash-to-cash basis. And there continue to be opportunities that we're looking at, and we'll see what happens throughout the year.
John Goetz - Bio: Well, Brandon, I sat down and asked myself, how many good years do I still have left. And that's a pretty sobering question to ask. And there are personal priorities that start to change. I'm very much looking forward to spending time with my grandkids. I've done a lot of traveling for the company, and I kind of like my wife to be able to actually see one or two of these very interesting places I've been to. I also want to do a lot more in terms of volunteering. I'd like to kind of give back a little bit, so I got some good plans there. So I got a small vineyard at the back of my property. I'd like to try my hand at making some wine, and I'm a big college football fan. So I'd like to take in a couple of home games in Pullman, Washington, and aside from that, my wife Linda (00:46:44) has got quite a list of things for me to do. So, I'm certainly not going to be looking for anything to do. Why now? I think I feel really good about where the company is today in terms of its seriousness, planning towards improving its top and bottom lines. We've done some really good planning over the course of the last couple of years and it's kind of culminated this year with a very specific idea of cascading of goals from the top of the company throughout the whole organization. I feel really good about it, I feel very proud about it. And handing this off to the next guy or gal, I think we've really set the stage for success in my opinion. So for me, it's a pretty good time to take a step back, and a lot of my personal wealth is tied to Bio-Rad stock, so I'm going to be watching that pretty carefully as I read the newspapers and watch my cellphone stock quotes.
