Andy Last: Thank you, Ilan. So I'd like to take a few minutes to update you on our current state of operations around the world. To closely monitor and keep closed all of our sites, we've established the COVID-19 oversight team to manage and respond to the pandemic situation. As we manage through the challenging period, we're focused on three key areas; the ongoing safety of our employees; continuing manufacturing operations to ensure product supply and support of our customers; and making sure we continue to make progress on our core strategies. In the area of employee safety, we have implemented work from home globally for all employees who are not essential to maintaining ongoing production and safe use of our facilities. Travel is limited only to essential customer visits for our field base personnel. For all employees who are at work, we have implemented safety procedures in line with CDC recommendations and/or local authorities when required. In China and other Asian region countries where stay at home has been lifted, we have our teams back in the office where we are adopting shifts, monitoring temperatures and still maintaining social distancing and cleaning routines in accordance with applicable local guidelines. We'll continue to follow this phased return to work approach as other reasons begin lifting shelter in place restrictions. Overall, we're very pleased with the positive response of our employees. Our manufacturing operations teams have responded extremely well to the situation. And to-date, we've been overall able to maintain continuous production in most of our sites and have been working closely with our customers to ensure product supply continuity. As part of our response efforts, we've been able to mitigate many of the changes in customer demand both up and down by balancing production and resources across our sites and in a few instances we have temporarily suspended production. In particular, we saw in the first quarter high demand for our PCR and Droplet Digital PCR products and similar to other companies, have experienced some challenges in procurement and scaling production. These challenges have generally been due to all suppliers being impacted by shelter in place requirements, as well as their inability to meet increased demands. With the recent launch of our SARS-CoV-2 serology test, we're also now scaling manufacturing both the U.S. and in Europe to meet the expected demand. As we look forward, we continue to monitor demand across our portfolio to optimally manage this situation, adjust capacity in our supply chain and ensure continuity of high quality product to our customers. And lastly, while much time and energy has been recently focused on managing through the impact of the global pandemic, we continue to work on our core initiatives and strategies. Thank you. And I'll pass it back to Ilan.
Andy Last: Your question was to Ilan, I'm sure hell add on at the end. On the supply chain side, clearly makes an overhead absorption, critical factors when looking at margin. And we'll be watching that closely as we go, as we go through the quarter. Some areas of mitigation for us are closely monitoring demand versus supply, so that we can reduce our capacity quickly and also be in a position to respond again, so if demand picks up we had a pace and expectation. So that’s how we’re looking at our supply chain situation and its impact on margin.
Andy Last: So the supply chain side, I think is increasingly becoming more and more solvable. When COVID hit, there was this crazy rush for demand and it was surge demand that the industry hadn't expected. So I think broadly everyone stuck with the same problems. And to a large degree, I would say that at the moment, we've been able to sell pretty much everything we can produce. And we've been working hard to expand capacity at a couple of sites that we manufacture, both co-PCR and Droplet Digital PCR platforms, and consumables and reagents. There is a little competition out there for some core components but largely, we've been able to secure our fair share with that.
Ilan Daskal: There are several components that obviously we have to consider when we think about the potential Q2 revenue. Generally speaking, the return to work and if you think about Asia or China, it's a gradual return to work. And we have to wait to see kind of how it evolves in the other regions. And obviously, we do see continued demand for the core PCR instruments. So, that will continue to be kind of a driving driver for the Q2 revenue. And then we had to continue to monitor in terms of the elective surgeries and return to kind of the to the clinics, and how they kind of impact the diagnostics group. So, so far, we've seen different scenarios and that's how we came up with a range for Q2, and we'll have to wait and see how Q2 is going to evolve.
Ilan Daskal: And I would add to that, Patrick, also that overall, we continue to be very disciplined. And so the discretionary expenses, whether its travel, whether its disciplined hiring, and we’ll react to any change in the marketplace.
Ilan Daskal: The 20%, generally, yes. And we'll have to see how the second half of the year will shape up, and this 20% EBITDA.
Ilan Daskal: It was part of the approach that we took and we have been communicating this approach for a while. And currently, we have about $70 million left in the pool. But with that said, we have to see how the market evolves and what does it mean, and what type of clarity we get and visibility we get to the rest of the year. And generally speaking, we'll continue to be opportunistic.
