Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Okay. Well, in terms of what's impacting the gross margin between the various categories that I talked about, I'd say about half of the impact relates to mix if you will and the other half is really just added costs for either continuing to transition the European operations or cost associated with the upfront investment in these reagent rental placements. And then as far as FX is concerned in terms of impact, it is true that it is becoming more and more of a negative impact and we do have nine months behind us and so that's part of the headwind that we face. I don't have a specific breakout, Brandon, as to how much is of the change in outlook is related to FX. But let me see, if I can find it while we continue with the call.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. No, I think that's a great question, Brandon. And we're in the process right now of doing a very tight bottoms-up of our 2019 forecast. And we always do the out years as well. I really don't think that there is anything that we're seeing today that changes our target of hitting our 20% goal by the end of 2020. I think clearly being shy of where we wanted the first year of that progression to be, puts a little more pressure on mining the benefits and the margin expansion in 2019 and 2020. But even with that being said, as John Hertia just pointed out, the pace that we're placing these instruments in the U.S. is higher than we'd anticipated, but – that means the cost that we're bearing today is higher than we would have anticipated. But at the same time it bodes well for good margin business, higher margin business down the road. The other factors that are part of our 2020 vision, the specific projects that we're working on and actions that we're taking beyond what's going on with the topline, those are still in place and those are still being worked on and we are starting to see the benefit of many of those and I guess you can see that more in cash flow than you can right now in our operating results. But that's a long winded way for me to say, I think we're still targeting our 20%. I think we believe strongly in that goal. The trajectory is a little bit different in terms of how it rolls out than we would have originally anticipated, but everything, nonetheless, is still identified.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah, Patrick, if I kind of pick up on John Hertia's comments from a moment ago much of the drag is related to feeding the U.S. blood typing market and that's bringing with it additional costs and the labs need to not only go through installation, but they have several validation and crossover studies that they need to complete. And as John just said that can take 90 days, it can take up to six months. So while we do expect some recovery of the gross margin in Q4, I don't think that's really reflective yet of the cumulative impact of higher reagent revenue. We're not prepared to talk about 2019 specifically but if we think about spending the full year of 2018 placing instruments in the U.S. and beginning to get those, help their labs with the validation and start that reagent stream, then as we move through 2019, I would expect that we would, on a corporate level, start to see the benefits of that. So we'll have more specific insight on the fourth quarter call when we give our 2019 outlook.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: That's all right, Twanda. We can go on to the next question and then Patrick can get back in the queue if he has more – if he needs clarification.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. So Jack, the only thing that would – to use your words one-time and maybe and I'll call it more situational, if you will, is we continue to kind of right size and optimize the inventory in Europe. And there was as such probably another couple million dollars that we took a charge for in the third quarter and we had an even larger charge that we talked about on the Q2 call. It's not something that I'd be willing to non-GAAP out because it is part of running our business but it also though is a pretty specific identifiable event, if you will.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So it's a good question. I think process media was up about $8 million year-over-year. As we move into the fourth quarter, I think we expect it to be down year-over-year because that will be their first kind of tough compare. It was Q4 last year when it came roaring back and that's a little bit of the reason why despite another good quarter of topline growth we're keeping with that 4%, 4.5% outlook. The other thing I'd remind you of though is if we exclude the process media sales I think that Life Science still grew about 6.5%. And really we shouldn't exclude all $8 million because we did, through the shutdown of our RainDance operation, see a year-over-year decrease of sales of about $4 million and that kind of offset some of that $8 million year-over-year.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So before John jumps in on that, I mean obviously we're not ready to talk about 2019 yet. But even with that, Dan, this is just one part of our business. We have several sizable businesses within Diagnostics, certainly within Life Science. And no single one of them is some big overwhelming needle mover if you will, everything is a contributor. Certainly in terms of year-over-year growth, I think blood typing in the U.S. should be able to outpace the industry averages and the company averages and help move the needle. But it's just one of many opportunities that we have going forward. So I don't know, Dan, if that answers your question or what – if you're looking for something different.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah, no, thanks for asking. We did Southern Europe and the Nordics, went live at the beginning of July and it was a much less complicated implementation than the past because it was primarily commercial operations not the more complex manufacturing. I think so far so good. The team was pretty well prepared not just with the deployment but those that were catching the ball. It is always does take time for people to get used to new processes and screens and systems and charts and you name it. And so we'll continue to improve those, but I think we're pretty pleased at how well they were able to catch the ball and come right into the SAP world. A lot of lessons learned from the prior European deployments that we took advantage of.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Sure. So as you probably know almost since the day we announced it we've kind of been in a blackout period. So we didn't buy any during the quarter. Though with that being said, I think we anticipate next week the trading window will open and it's not lost on us. The movement in the share price and the value that's there, so we're discussing the buyback internally now, vis-à-vis potential execution.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Okay. Great. Well, thank you everyone for taking the time to join us today. We appreciate your interest in Bio-Rad, we appreciate your thoughtful questions and we look forward hopefully to seeing you soon. Bye-bye.
