Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So, I think it's correct to assume that there's much lower growth in the second half of the year on a currency neutral basis. I wouldn't say no, but certainly very, very different than what we've experienced in the first half of the year.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So, it's a good question. I mean, as we looked at our targets at the end of Q1, we saw that we still had a bit of a benefit. I think now, as we look to the second half the year, we're getting to a more neutralized currency impact on the operating margin. And you may recall, Dan, that in the Q1 call, when we took our 10% GAAP goal – operating margin GAAP goal and moved it to 11.5% on a non-GAAP basis, that was really incorporating some positive currency impact and some of that's gone away. And that's why we're now looking at 11% to 11.5%.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah, so great question. And as I mentioned, it was a record number of placements for us in the quarter. Some are reagent rental, but there's also a sizable amount that are also sold. And you may recall that last year, our model in China for instruments changed and we no longer do the reagent rental program in China per some of the government regulations that they have there, and a high number of the placements this quarter were in China. And typically, as you're pricing these long-term contracts, the recovery of the gross margin is more on the reagent, the sustainable reagent flow not the instrument itself.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. It's a great question and I had that same question for the person who runs our entire region there. And he does not believe that that's the case. That it is, in fact, the demand for the product itself and customer accounts that we've been working on for some time.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: No, Brandon, I think quite a bit of it was just related to actions in this second quarter. And that's why I wanted to call it out. We didn't non-GAAP it out because it really is part of our ongoing business operations, but it was very outsized for the quarter itself. So, we wanted to kind of, quote, normalize that in. There may be a little bit more that continues in the third quarter, but I don't think it continues late in the year and certainly not into next year. Part of what we're doing is transitioning along our plan of a more optimized supply chain and we're moving more warehouses, for example, into our two main warehouses that we've established in Europe, and bringing that model along. And as such, sometimes you have inventory adjustments that go with that, and part of it relates to looking in more countries into our global ERP system.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. I'm glad you asked that question, Brandon. From our visibility that we have right now, I think that we're looking for more of the improvement in the fourth quarter. When you think about the instruments that we've placed in the second quarter, and generally it takes 60 to 90 days to complete installation and customer acceptance and really start to see that reagent revenue flow, which could make for some challenge to continue on the gross margin in the third quarter. But we hope by the fourth quarter, that higher margin reagent revenue is starting to flow through the top line. So some improvement in Q3, but more of it in Q4.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. So, Brandon, one of the interesting ones for me to always look at is our more traditional thermal cycling, real-time PCR business. Even in the face of continued strong demand and growth for Digital PCR, our more traditional gene expression business is growing very, very well. And then, some of the western blotting and continuing in food. So, as you point out, really, kind of hitting on all cylinders.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So I would hope that we would see continued improvement. Obviously, first and foremost, it starts with the operating profits of the company. And so, having the top line growth and margin expansion, as we expect, will help drive that. At the same time, we'll continue to whittle away on those improvements. I don't know that'll be as dramatic as we've seen in the first half of the year, but I would hope that we will continue to grow the cash flow and reduce the working capital.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: It was actually about 1 point of growth. And that relates to – in early July, we hooked in the rest of Western Europe into our global ERP system, and our practice has been always in the past, we offer our customers with standing orders, the opportunity to bring those forward in advance of our go-live. And I think the small pull forward is in $5 million to $6 million range.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Okay, great. Well, everyone thank you so much for your time today. As always, we appreciate your continued interest in Bio-Rad, and we look forward to the next time we speak. Bye-bye.
Norman D. Schwartz - Bio: So, Annette is not with us, but I think you're absolutely right that even the classic lines, product lines seem to be pretty strong. And I think that part of that comes from strong regional performance around the entire world, and then various of those product lines seem to be doing pretty well.
Norman D. Schwartz - Bio: Yeah. There hasn't been a press release. We've continued to look. The idea is to find, obviously, the right person for the role and that's a continuing process.
Norman D. Schwartz - Bio: I think just across the board, it's pretty broad in terms of the – where the orders are coming from. Obviously, the process chromatography was fairly strong in the quarter and that business tends to be concentrated in fewer larger customers. But otherwise, yeah, it's pretty broad.
Norman D. Schwartz - Bio: So we continue to have opportunities both across Life Science and Diagnostics and we're continuing to pursue those things.
