Christine Tsingos: So thanks for your question, Brandon. So, I’ll start with the latter. Yes, I think you did hear that right. And with each year, we start to get a cumulative impact of progress we’ve made on the logistics front in terms of these warehouses. But also, looking more efficiently in our shipping methods and things like that, we gain more leverage on our procurement side. And then over time, probably beyond the 2020-time frame, we’ll continue to look at our manufacturing footprint, and that could add to more savings there as well.  And then to the other question, yes, I think some of the transition woes that have translated into cost for us during 2017 and certainly during 2018 as well, I believe those are mostly behind us now and don’t anticipate those following us into 2019, at least certainly not to the extent that we’ve been experiencing over the last 18-plus months. And finally, the – as we look to the margin expansion going forward, you asked about mix, that’s the one thing where you can’t really say it’s ahead of us or behind us. What happens with mix and pricing in any given quarter really is harder to predict in the short term and can be up or down in any particular quarter. Over the long term, we continue to launch new products, which help the margins. We continue to push for a higher consumable mix, which would help the margins. But I can’t really say oh, it’s something that’s behind us or in front of us. It’s just kind of the fact of doing business.
Christine Tsingos: Sure. So, I think as you are referring to some of the headwinds that we faced, particularly with bringing the blood Typing IH-1000 into the U.S, we have had higher placements than we originally anticipated. But it’s not like those placements happened several quarters ago and now it’s just all consumable. We continue to have really good placements of new instruments. And so, what will happen, Patrick, over time, all of those instruments will be producing a consumable stream and that’ll build to a sizable enough bullets of revenue, if you will, to absorb what is always kind of start-up cost when you’re placing new instruments. These costs are a little higher with bringing this to the U.S. and we’ve experienced with other products in other geographies. So, I think, for us, it’s really about – the next few quarters, I think, we’ll continue to feel a little bit of it. Although, with each passing quarter it becomes less of an impact. And that’s why we mentioned the margins kind of building toward the end of the year. In terms of the overall mix between instruments and consumables, we have a very high consumable mix today and we continue to try and drive that higher each year. But quarter-to-quarter, it’s always difficult to predict.
Christine Tsingos: Sure. So, I think, given our balance sheet profile, our cash flow profile and our anticipated – and even increasing that further, we continue to believe that we have the capability to have capital allocation along multiple lines. Our number one preference continues to be acquisition, both on the tuck-in side and always looking for something more transformational. But with that being said, I think our capital capacity will allow us to continue the buyback program as well, while we are continuing to pursue acquisitions.
Christine Tsingos: Yes. That’s a pretty good question. I think overall, the answer is probably not much change in our thoughts. It is not as accessible as maybe we thought it was initially, but still very doable. And when you think back to our investor day presentation, Patrick, you probably remember the chart when we outlined the $600 million – 600 basis point improvement, if you will, and about 150 of that was expected to come from the gross margin and another 75 to 100 down the R&D side and really the vast majority was in SG&A. And I think we’ll still kind of see that balance that in SG&A is where we can gain quite a bit of traction. And we continue to be focused on that. And that has proved very beneficial in 2018 while the gross margin came under pressure. But I still think we stand behind that 150-basis point opportunity in the gross margin as well.
Christine Tsingos: Yes, great question. I share a little of your frustration. We still anticipate the tax rate coming down over time to the mid-20s. And who knows where we might be able to take it longer term from there. In the short run, Dan, when you think about our profile in Europe, where we’ve had all of these challenges, both in terms of the additional expenses and other charges, the restructuring we’re doing, et cetera, all of that, obviously, has led to dampening the profitability in Europe and, therefore, we’re not gaining that benefit from our new European headquarter structures as we’d hoped. But I think that’s more situational than systemic. And maybe our benefit of moving the tax rate down to the mid-20s is delayed a little. But I think the opportunity for us still exist. And as we look to 27% to 28% for 2019, and we’ll continue to work to improve that, not just through the European profile, but also through other tax planning measures that we’re evaluating.
Christine Tsingos: Yes, I think the other big change is the dynamics of the U.S. market over that time period in the pricing. Back when we acquired DiaMed, the pricing in the U.S. market was almost double that of Europe and now we’ve seen it pretty much come down and equalize throughout the world.
Christine Tsingos: Okay. So, I think we’ve talked a little bit about our next-generation platform where we’re integrating the full workflow inside of one instrument, and we are on track to get that product released and available for sales by the fourth quarter of this year. We’re all looking forward to that. We are working on next-generation single-cell products. We are about to launch a new application in single cell called ATAC-Seq. And so, we’ve got a couple of new products coming out in 2019, one in the first half of the year and hopefully one toward the end of the year or early in 2020. So, we have an intense focus in that area as well. And I think I mentioned that with the CE-IVD-marked platform and now the FDA cleared platform for BCR-ABL, we’re looking to expand our oncology menu as well for solid tumor via liquid biopsy.
Christine Tsingos: So, I’m just going to say, I’m going to channel my inner General Counsel here. We can’t really talk about ongoing litigation. So, I can’t really say much except what you’ve seen in press releases.
Christine Tsingos: So, I think – yes, I think we’re anticipating some incremental working capital improvement. I don’t know that we get the big step function, as we did this year. But certainly, continued improvement there. And as Norman mentioned, there is a very sizable focus on inventory this year.
Christine Tsingos: Okay. All right. Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today on the call. And we really appreciate your interest and support as we close 2018 and look forward to 2019. And hopefully, we’ll be seeing you soon. Thanks. Bye-bye.
John Hertia: A combination of things. I think Christine mentioned some of the transition woes. I think diagnostics was particularly hit hard in 2017 and 2018 with some of the ERP transition, we do believe that’s behind us. There was some softness in the market and I think that’s been improving. And there was some lumpiness with distributors that I think are behind us too. I think that, in combination with, again, U.S. traction for the blood typing products has been incredibly strong. We got IH-24 FDA approved. We submitted in Q4 for IH-500 approval to the FDA and we’re anticipating that in 2019. I think a combination of those two bodes well for 2019.
John Hertia: Yes, I mean, we’ve seen – I mean, our customers have seen some impact. We’ve had some residual trickled down, but not so much in 2018. And I think our forecast in 2019 reflects sort of the reality of the reimbursement rates in the U.S.
John Hertia: Well, let’s see, the Asia part of it, I’d say, our performance in Asia has gone very well. The price pressure that came with maybe a conversion of a largely manual and semi-automated market to highly automated market, affected the gross margins for us. And I would say, pretty much everybody, industry, that didn’t exist in 2007 and 2008, that’s gone through a transformation since then. And probably, the largest part of it has just been the reality of some slowness and the realities of the European market. I think it’s been – DiaMed was largely a European-based company, it’s largest to expansion. Potential was both in North America and in Asia and it took us for a lot of technical and intellectual property reasons while to get there. We are now making good progress in both. But I think that reality of the distance between where we started in 2007 and how fast we thought we could get to the U.S. market and make penetration in Asia was a large part of it, and then there’s conversion from largely a sort of a manual semi-automated market to a very highly automated market, similar to clinical chemistry and immunochemistry, I think, affected the business overall.
John Hertia: And it’s – Jack, this is John. It’s largely a function of the BioPlex business. So, I’d say systems placement in that business has been very strong. 2018 was another record year for system placements. The growth this year has come a lot from autoimmune, but also from some of our recent tests in syphilis and HIV and Vitamin D. So we’re seeing good growth year. We are planning some new assay introductions in 2019, we filed them with the FDA, and we’re not in a position to announce which ones they’re at this point. But I think you’ll see some menu expansion in the first and second quarter of 2019. And I’d say, the outlook overall for that business, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. is strong.
John Hertia: It’s still declining. It’s not at the trajectory. It was just declining in 2017, it was pretty steep then, it slowed. Some of the business is just historical microplate and that’s an older product later in its life cycle. We’re looking at a lot of new areas in microbiology. It’s an area that is sort of right for transition. Those won’t hit in 2019, but I think as we start getting into 2020 and 2021, you’ll begin to see a little bit of a trajectory change.
