Annette Tumolo: This is Annette. Yes, well, we're seeing good growth across all of our core product lines, and that's really encouraging to us. But in particular, genomics lines and Digital PCR is really leading the way there. We are getting really good traction in the BioPharma segment for sure, and we're moving -- we have a lot of our customers adopting and validating our platform for lab-developed tests, so we're moving into the clinics along with some of our cleared products. And we're just starting. So we really see the traction in those segments. And we are very optimistic moving forward.
Annette Tumolo: This is Annette again. I'll take that. We generally don't like to talk a lot about ongoing matters in litigation but there is -- there's been some public announcements there. The Delaware court recently confirmed the jury verdict that the 10X's products infringed the patents that we asserted and awarded us damages. At the judge follows that with a ruling issuing an injunction. The way it works though is the court has to finalize that order and that's what's happening now. And we imagine, in the next days to weeks, we'll get the final issuance from the court on what exactly the details of that injunction are.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. We are launching our next-generation integrated system with 4 colors probably in the fourth quarter of 2019.
Annette Tumolo: Okay. So we are seeing really strong uptick in the BioPharma segment of our Cell Biology products, in particular, our ZE5 flow cytometer, flow analyzer. So we continue to invest. We think it is a perfect time to develop new tools for our customers in this era of Cell Biology. So we're optimistic about the future of the products we have. And we're looking to expand our market share in that area. With regard to process chromatography, we think the second half of the year, we're going to see incremental and year-over-year growth. And we think that will end the year with growth over 2018. We've said this before, quarter-to-quarter, it can be little bit lumpy. So it's hard to compare quarter-over-quarter results sometimes.
Annette Tumolo: Well, I can say that our platform and our optimized assays, which we have thousands of, have already enabled a lot of breakthrough research. And given clinicians, new options in liquid biopsy and Precision Medicine, and we've got thousands, as Ilan mentioned, of peer-reviewed publications that support the scientific utility of the Droplet system and clinical utility of the Droplet platform that we developed. So I think that our focus moving forward is to make sure that we're developing new platforms in that area that will both expand the applications and the relevance to new market segments for Digital PCR and build on the already-compelling value proposition that we have. Droplets are a really good test tube for this assay and they are very, very scalable. And given our success in this market that we created, it doesn't surprise us that people want to join in with us, but we think that we're in a position to just continue to build on the really strong lead that we have.
Norman Schwartz: Yes, definitely. It does include the headwind from RainDance. And usually, what we disclose is kind of the double-digit growth as we mentioned.
Norman Schwartz: And Brandon, I'll add to that for process chrom. I mean, in the first half, it was about flat relative to last year. And we do anticipate most of the incremental revenue to come in, in the second half, as Annette mentioned.
Norman Schwartz: Yes. Yes, I think we've certainly got some possibilities out there and are encouraged by what we're seeing and the progress we're making on a couple of fronts. So hopefully, we can put more of that capital use in the near term.
John Hertia: This is John Hertia, I'll take that. Our Blood Typing business did grow year-over-year. It just wasn't at highlight level. But we continue to see strong placements of both the IH-1000 and IH-500 around the world and strong reagent pull-through.
John Hertia: Okay. Let's take autoimmune first. It's kind of a fragmented market. We have the only fully automated, integrated multiplex system for autoimmune testing. We're seeing an evolution of manual IFA slide testing through automated systems. And that's the heart of our BioPlex business, which is doing quite well year-over-year.
John Hertia: On Lyme, we just introduced -- we just got FDA approval for the Lyme test. It's a large and growing market. There's a lot of dissatisfaction in Lyme right now. There's multiple court cases going around the world because of the lack of sensitivity and specificity in the market. It's a hard disease to diagnose and it takes a long time. We have a very novel assay design that gives us better sensitivity and better specificity than anything else on the market. And it's a fully automated solution.
