Andrew Last: Thank you, Ilan, and I'd like to take just a few minutes to review our current state of operations around the world. As expected, COVID continues to have an impact on our operations, but as previously communicated, we have now adapted well to this environment, and our employees around the world continue to perform to the highest standards. We continue our focus on the 3 areas previously communicated, the ongoing safety of our employees; continuing manufacturing operations to ensure product supply and support of our customers; and making sure we continue to make progress on our core strategies. Overall, we continue to be very pleased with our employee safety despite the increases in COVID in some areas of the world.  Our internal COVID transmission rates remain extremely low, and we are starting to benefit from the vaccination programs. In Q1, we have maintained the work from home policies we adopted in 2020 and are continuing to monitor the pandemic closely as we assess the right timing for a more general return to the workplace. As we enter Q2, we expect to continue to experience the impact of the pandemic for at least the coming quarter, but are confident in our ability to meet customer demand while progressing our core strategies and new product development objectives.  And as the global economy trends towards recovery, we're also paying close attention to our supply chain as accelerated demand for raw materials has the potential to cause constraints and prolong higher-than-typical logistics costs. Provided there is positive global progress on controlling COVID, we anticipate operations starting to return to more normal operating practice in the second half of the year.  So thank you, and I'll pass it back to Ilan.
Andrew Last: So Brandon, maybe I can make it quick, it's Andy speaking. We had a strong Q1. We had a strong start last year, and that included some of the carryover from the COVID -- the cyber ninth attack in December of '19. Actually, we were pretty pleased with the recovery of the diagnostics business in Q1 and it's fairly broad-based, but I would say more so in Asia Pac as that was the first region that started to show a negative impact in 2020. So I'd say it's meeting -- it's really meeting our expectations for our guidance for the year.
Andrew Last: Yes, sure. This is Andy. Essentially, [indiscernible] is progressing as we had planned. We've got a lot of changes going on and multiple functions, predominantly in Europe, as we communicated in our press release. So all of those plans are proceeding. They take time to work through. I think we've communicated before that the majority of the kind of net benefit won't be until 2023. That's still the case. So at this point in time, it's still early in our restructuring efforts, but we're pleased with the progress.
Andrew Last: Yes. I'd say that our comment really is, so this was an appeals court that upheld the earlier findings by the International Trade Commission and so today's federal circuit decision was not unexpected at all and it really doesn't impact our business. And so I think that's probably the only comments that we would make around the litigation at this point.
Andrew Last: I mean we're not a major player, I think, as you probably know, in this segment, particularly. All -- we're getting some COVID vaccine effect, but nothing like you would expect if you were one of the majors selling into that segment.
Ilan Daskal: Yes, that's fair. I would highlight on that, Brandon, that seasonally, usually, Q4 is a strong quarter for us, and the first quarter is usually kind of not as strong as Q4. So actually, having a flat quarter is to us an excellent result.
Ilan Daskal: Sure, Brandon. So there are a few probably components to highlight here. First, we have the $5 million reimbursement, the insurance reimbursement regarding the cyber-attack claim. And so that needs to be probably kind of, if you normalize for that, so from a normal run rate, it's higher by $5 million. Then the other aspect that I would highlight is, still kind of lower discretionary expenses associated with the COVID-related environment. And those, we believe, will come back later in the year. That's our assumption. And some of it is also planned hiring that we still have for the remainder of the year. So these are probably the main components that I would highlight there.
Ilan Daskal: So I can say that the vast majority is the qPCR instruments, that's definitely the vast majority. Everything else is way, way, way smaller. So it's still the same as we have experienced in the prior quarter in terms of the ratio of the qPCR instruments.
Ilan Daskal: So generally speaking, Dan, I'm not sure how did you run your math, but I can tell you that the way we think about it -- most of the incremental kind of portion of the guidance is associated with the first quarter COVID-related sales, some of it is also -- some assumptions associated with later in the year, but most of it is the incremental benefit that we have experienced in the first quarter. When you think about it from a full year perspective, Diagnostics is still kind of -- we assume, a low double-digit kind of growth there. And we said last time about flat for Life Science, now maybe it's about 2% or so. So definitely, it's an updated guidance upwards from the last quarter.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. So on a high level, Dan, it's about volume and mix. If we think about the full year guidance of COVID-related sales of between $170 million to $180 million, of which about $94 million was in the first quarter, and COVID-related sales are above the company average, that definitely is a strong quarter for us, and that was the driver associated with higher utilization in the manufacturing footprint. So when you blend it with the remainder of the year kind of guidance, probably gross margin is going to be lower in the upcoming quarters. With that said, you can get for the full year, our updated guidance of 56.5% to 57%.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Thanks, Patrick. So when you think about the restructuring, generally speaking, this year, we do not think that there would be much benefit out of the restructuring. We will start, and we expect to see some benefit to start sometime next year, and to fully realize it in 2023, and that's part of our kind of long-term strategy, and that's part of what we have been communicating since December. But again, for this year, we do not anticipate to gain much benefit out of the restructuring. The gross margin in general and the operating margin, it's -- and specifically, you alluded to the gross margin, it's a volume and mix kind of benefit that we are experiencing right now.
Ilan Daskal: So thanks for the question. And let me share with you, first of all, we usually -- and we do not guide by quarter, but generally speaking, if you recall in our guidance from last quarter, we did indicate and we emphasized it today that most of the COVID-related sales will be in the first half of the year. And we experienced obviously stronger-than-expected first quarter COVID-related sales. And that's most of the incremental guidance that we have alluded to, right? I mean, so generally speaking, we are operating under the assumption that in the second half of the year, the business mix is going to normalize. So I think we are pretty consistent there.
Ilan Daskal: Oh, okay. So yes, it is a double digit. But you got the -- what we provided was the growth overall for Life Science, ex-Process Media. So you can kind of probably figure out, reverse engineer kind of the number there. But it was very strong.
Ilan Daskal: Thank you all for joining today's call. We appreciate your interest, and we look forward to connecting soon.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. It's a brand-new market, and it is developing rapidly. I mean, I think we could imagine over time, that this could develop into a $100 million or $200 million opportunity, but it's early days. That said, the Droplet Digital PCR platform was almost made for this application. When you think about what you're trying to do, you're searching for a needle in a haystack, essentially, which is the strength of the product that we have. So we're getting good pickup in government university labs, now service labs are picking up. At first, this really was a U.S. opportunity and it's spread across Europe now and other geographies as well. So I think we're optimistic about it, and we've worked on putting variant assays online for people to buy, and we're working on a specific wastewater kit that interrogates for all the variants as well.
Annette Tumolo: No, I was just going to add, we were really pleased with that. The strength of the recovery across all the businesses, probably fueled by return to the lab and some pent-up demand for some of the core products that we have as people are back at the lab bench.
Annette Tumolo: Okay. So it's just in -- yes, sorry, I wasn't sure which program you were referring to. Look, we occasionally put those kind of incentives in for our customers. And I think that the general answer to your question is, we wouldn't be doing it if we didn't expect some return on the program. I think that it's certainly not at the center of what's driving all of our growth, but it's one of the typical kinds of promotions that our global commercial organization runs from time to time.
