Brad Crutchfield: Hi Jon, this is Brad. We’re just in the process of rolling this product out to the U.S. in sort of the greater release at the end of the year for the rest of the world. Right now we’re just trying to make that assessment, so I really couldn’t give you anything specific but needless to say we’re working really hard to maximize this technology.
Brad Crutchfield: This is Brad. I’ll take that. We’ve launched a number of new products in our electrophoresis and imaging including blotting product lines that have been really well received in the marketplace as we’ve had a strong position but over the last couple of years we’ve refreshed those product line and again we’ve been very happy with how the customers will receive them.
Brad Crutchfield: Well I think in general the – I think you’re correct that sequencing has moved a lot in the area of protein expression analysis as people are starting to validate gene expression data. So certainly the new product lines and new workflows we have that shrinks the amount of time that takes and improve the information that we give our customers put us on a relative position on both fronts.
Brad Crutchfield: On the academic side, certainly if you take Europe and North America, things are tight, I mean certainly – we certainly work susceptible to some of the big ticket aspects of the – from the increase the funding that occurred last year and early this year but in general the business has been fairly stable for us but that being said its still relatively low single-digit growth rates.
Christine Tsingos: So Jon, certainly in our expectation for the full year, we’ve included the impact of QuantaLife and as you rightfully pointed out, it isn’t an operating drag as well as once we layer on top amortization of intangibles, it will be a bigger negative impact but we’re only just now started the valuation and when we get to our next earnings call, we’ll have a greater detailed understanding of what that impact will be.Jon Wood – Jefferies & Co., Inc: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Christine Tsingos: We typically do not give out our growth rate by region especially not to level of detail on a quarterly basis. But as you can imagine they continue to be higher than company averages in terms of growth.
Christine Tsingos: Okay. Thank you everyone for your time today and joining us and we look forward to seeing you soon. Bye.
