Christine Tsingos: Sure. So, this isn’t an income tax. This is more of a transaction tax, similar to a VAT kind of thing, which would normally occur in the cost of goods line, and so that is where we booked it for the quarter. And this is cumulative over a five-year period, but of course what it is covering [ph] we are going to take it all through this quarter.
Christine Tsingos: Sure. So I think we have said all along that we expect it to ramp during the year, but Brad is probably in a better position to comment on the pipeline than I am.
Christine Tsingos: Not anything that would lower it. Obviously, when currency lowers the top line a little bit, it does lower expenses a little bit, and so there was probably $2 million of FX impact on the expense line. But remember as we talked about the ERP, incremental spend this year; we had $25 million in Opex, or $15 million of Opex incremental and $25 million of Capex incremental. So that spending will roll out through the year.
Christine Tsingos: Well, I think we’re still thinking in that kind of low single digit as we have talked about, when we laid out our expectation on the year end call, we talked about reported growth of 3.5 to 4.5, and with the addition of QuantaLife is about a point. So, organic growth would make that 2.5 to 3.5, and despite a bit of a slower start, I think we are still feeling those goals are achievable.
Christine Tsingos: Yes, that is a good question Paul. I think obviously this year we are anticipating the margins to be down, and it wouldn’t surprise me if they were down next year as well as we look at the ERP project, and where the bulk of the spending is, it is this year and next year where we have our most significant rollout. Expenses next year being a focus of the European market, where we have many, many systems that would need to be converted and brought into the single global ERP that we are building. But I think we’re a couple of years away on the expense side from seeing margin expansion. Having said that, you know, we’re constantly looking at ways to improve our gross margins, and redesign our products to manufacture at lower costs and hopefully we will have little things here and there that will help offset some of that spending. But ultimately, it is an investment year for us.
Christine Tsingos: Well, I think higher than where we were before we started down this path of investment. It is obviously our goal, and that is mid-teens plus.
Christine Tsingos: Okay, great. Thank you so much everyone for joining us, and we look forward hopefully to seeing you soon. Bye-bye.
Brad Crutchfield: Yes. This is Brad. Our pipeline and the initial customer acceptance strictly leads us to believe to still support that forecast. There is just the natural sales cycle, which is sort of 6 to 9 months, and we are working through that.
Brad Crutchfield: This is Brad. I will take that. Pretty much additional customer base, maybe skewed a little bit more towards the pharmaceutical companies, mainly because they probably have a shorter cycle in terms of budgeting. But we are seeing it pretty broadly and almost exclusively in the US and slightly in Europe as we rolled it out so far.
Brad Crutchfield: This is Brad. I will take that. You know, it was slower in sort of a year-over-year comparison. But we still feel that it will be in the low single digit, like everything in the academic way the budgets roll out, typically it is stronger in the second and third quarter. So overall for the year about the same, but it did start a little slower than we would have expected.
Jeffrey Matthews – Ram Partners: It was a privilege to have met your father and have the opportunity to speak with him over the last decade or so.
Jeffrey Matthews – Ram Partners: I like -- first, the Digital PCR sales, where are they going customer wise, is it in customer base, or…
Jeffrey Matthews – Ram Partners: All right, good. Well, I appreciate it, and again I appreciate the last 10 years, and I look forward to the next 10.
Norman Schwartz: Okay. So, you know, I haven’t had the time or the energy really to track down the ultimate source of these rumors. But I can only tell you that they are obviously misguided and these people are extremely misinformed. You know, we intend to continue.
Norman Schwartz: You know, I wouldn’t say that there is anything different from what we have seen. There are things that are bubbling along, but I don’t think it is -- there has been a big change in opportunities that we’re seeing.
Norman Schwartz: You know, as time goes on, I think it is a good point, as time goes on and things are, if they remain slow in Europe, there could be more opportunity.
Norman Schwartz: I think there are opportunities to do that. And you know, as you know those opportunities are few and far between. But I don’t think it is unreasonable to expect that we might be able to do one of those.
