Christine A. Tsingos: Sure. So I think a lot of this, Brandon, is just people getting used to how to use a brand new system. And we know from the first deployment that it takes six months to nine months for people to really get good at doing their jobs again with new processes, new screens, et cetera. I think what we're facing here different in deployment two than deployment one, as John said, it really brings in our entire Life Science group, and much of their manufacturing is here and they ship to many places around the world, so it can ripple to a lot of locations around the world. And people need to, as they get used to the processes, then things start flowing more quickly. So part of the caution on how long it'll take is a little bit based on what we experienced with the first one, but also knowing that the complexity of this second deployment and the complexity of our Life Science business is even that much greater and could take more time to normalize. And part of it, frankly, is that demand has been quite strong and so there was a lot hitting on the system at the same time people were getting used to these new processes.
Christine A. Tsingos: Sure. And Shannon Hall, our President of Life Science, is here. So I'm going to let her talk about that as well in terms of the process media, a tough compare year-over-year.
Christine A. Tsingos: So, historically we really haven't disclosed exactly what we own in preferred shares. We do talk about what's on the books versus – the carrying value versus the estimated market value. And as a reminder, the voting shares we are holding at cost, the preferred shares we mark-to-market and I think certainly they continue to do well and so the unrealized gain on our investment continues to increase as well.
Christine A. Tsingos: I think, remember, Jeff, we had a very strong market share position in France compared to some of our competitors. So as that market has consolidated in terms of the number of labs, we've probably felt a disproportional impact compared to other IBD providers in France because we had such a strong market share position there. And I think some of the economic woes of the region are bleeding into Eastern Europe and that may be more than we would have anticipated at the beginning of the year. And you know regulatory changes continue throughout much of the emerging market world, both in Eastern Europe and Asia-Pacific.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yeah, we've been continuing to talk about going live in Europe during 2017 and we'll spend much of 2016 doing the design. With each deployment, the complexity increases as we take it to more complex pieces of our business. And without question, the life science business model is much more complex than a diagnostic business model and the number of products is at least three times. And so the second deployment was a big implementation for us. That'll actually help us a little as we go to Europe, because most of the products will be in the system already. So hopefully we'll be able to stay on the projected timeline of going live in a series of deployments during 2017 as we roll through Europe.
Christine A. Tsingos: So, Dan, as you know, we don't give out details of our revenue by our various product lines. We believe it continues to do very well, both in terms of revenue and the instrument placements all over the world and another encouraging sign is how our customers are using the product itself and the papers that continue to be published which then has a kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy of generating even more demand for that product. But it's not something we've given out specific information on in terms of the size of that business.
Christine A. Tsingos: Scott, I would also add that a lot of this is instrument-related and there it's not so much the day-to-day I need more consumables for my experiments that I really need that instrument. And for us, the larger instruments need to not only be delivered but also accepted by the customers, et cetera. And so as the timeline gets pushed out, it can push sales from one period to the next.
Christine A. Tsingos: Some level could persist. Since this quarter-end, we have been tracking it in great detail every single week and see with each passing week it's getting better and better. But there's a fair amount of demand. I guess that's the good news in it.
Norman D. Schwartz: I think those are the two big ones. I think that the continued softness in Europe, I think that probably when we went into the year we were a little more optimistic about maybe being farther through the cycle, especially in France, with this lab consolidation, but it appears that we've got a ways to go with that.
Norman D. Schwartz: Not much is new and different, I would say. Japan continues to hobble along at a slow pace for both Life Science and Diagnostics. China, it's kind of running about the same as it has been. Certainly I think some of the slowdown that we have experienced in China this quarter has been related to the ERP implementation and being able to ship products and recognize the revenue in the quarter, but I think the underlying market is still about the same.
Norman D. Schwartz: Yeah. I would say it's largely a learning curve. The system is running. I think it's running pretty well. It's just our adapting to the way it works and changing our mindset around the discipline of this system is probably the biggest challenge.
Norman D. Schwartz: No, I think we're still enthusiastic about it. I think the people who are using it see the benefits of it. It's just a matter of getting used to it and learning to use it as a tool. It's kind of like when you pick up a hammer or a saw for the first time, it takes a while to get acclimated to it and to learn how to use it. I think it's the same thing with this system.
Norman D. Schwartz: I don't know. It's really hard to say. I guess I would put this down to maybe growing pains. And it seems like any young company goes through a few of these things. I think there's certainly some value in what they're trying to do and the audience that they're trying to reach and so we'll have to see how they navigate it.
Norman D. Schwartz: Okay. Well, certainly that continues to be under development. They're making good progress. I don't have an exact schedule for you, but it's still a little ways off.
