Andrew Last: Thank you, Ilan. So good afternoon, everybody. To start with, I'd like to take a moment to thank Annette Tumolo, our President of the Life Science Group for nearly 33 years of service at Bio-Rad as she plans to retire at the end of this year. Annette's efforts and leadership have contributed to significant growth for the Life Science Group and Bio-Rad and the company has started a search for a successor and we will provide an update in the coming months. Now, I'd like to take a few minutes to review our current state of operations around the world. We're now entering the seventh consecutive quarter of operating within the COVID pandemic and so I shall make my comments brief as we have now established an operating cadence with embedded employee safety practices. Our end markets continued to show improvement during Q3, with demand pickup in both life science and diagnostic markets in all regions. The supply chain constraints highlighted in our Q2 call, however, have persisted in particular, for supply and cost of plastic raw materials, electronic components and higher logistics costs. To date, we have been able to balance supply and demand through careful management. However, we see this supply constraint trends continuing through year-end and into 2022 and thus increasing the challenge of adequately meeting customer demand. As a result of the COVID-19 Delta variant, we recently pushed out our return to the workplace date for the U.S. into early November. During Q3, we introduced a mandatory vaccination requirement for all employees in the U.S. and are extremely pleased with the results of this decision. We are believing -- we believe we are maintaining our commitment to a safe workplace for all our employees. As we enter Q4, we expect COVID-related demand for our products to be sequentially lower. And overall, we believe the majority of our end markets are approaching close to normal operations, although we recognize that COVID will continue to create dynamic market challenges. So at this point, I'll turn it back to Ilan. Thank you.
Andrew Last: Yes. Dan, it's Andy here. So to parse the question first, progress is going very well. I would say we're on track with our expectations. So thinking of contributions to operating performance, it really is a delayed effect. The majority of that performance enhancement coming in 2023. Some will materialize in '22 more to the latter half of the year. But everything is on track against our expectations right now.
Andrew Last: Yes, Patrick, this is Andy. So look, it's fairly broad and the challenge, we sell complex products. So you only need one component to be missing in the supply chain to impact you. So I don't think we're experiencing anything that's different to the rest of the industry or even beyond our sector just globally. And it is very hard to determine when this will tail off. So prudently, we're expecting it to transition into 2022 as well. But it can be as simple as an on-off switch to full integrated boards and plastics various products. So that's the issue we're facing. What are we doing? We are working extremely hard. The team on supply chain and procurement is really working our supply partners. And to date, we've been doing very well. But there are constraints and I think we view it as prudent to call them out because at some point, they start to impact your ability to meet customers in a timely way.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. So we did indicate slightly higher operating expenses in terms of the fourth quarter sequentially. And that's seasonality, some of the discretionary expenses that are back and some of employee-related expenses that are also sequentially higher. That's correct, then yes.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. Thank you, Patrick. I mean there are components and some areas that we do see pockets of price increase. Obviously, we baked in everything into the guidance. We'll have to continue and see kind of how long does it last and what does it mean, obviously, moving forward. But so far, we were able also kind of to balance it off with some of our productivity initiatives that we have internally. So yes, we did bake some of it into our guidance.
Ilan Daskal: Yes, we usually, Brandon, don't break down that level of details within each of the business groups.
Ilan Daskal: Yes, it's a great question, Brandon. Obviously, generally, at this point, we are not yet prepared for -- to comment on the full 2022. But if you think about kind of -- regarding our initial thinking, we do believe that for us, COVID-related sales will continue to go down. And if you think about the guidance this quarter, it implies already in the fourth quarter, a range of about $20 million to $25 million for the COVID-related sales and we believe it will continue to go down. We'll have to balance the different inputs, the supply chain constraints, the longevity and what is it going to and how is it going to impact in our thinking about 2022. The material cost, there are different aspects that we still need to kind of compile and see what does it mean for the overall guidance. In terms of the core top line, we continue to believe that we have really good kind of base to think about kind of the next level in terms of the 2022. We -- if you think about it, we continue to be in the path to achieve our 2023 target model that we communicated back in December. That's our current thinking.
Ilan Daskal: Thank you, Lydia. Thank you, everyone, for joining today's call. We appreciate your interest and we look forward to connecting soon. Thank you.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. Thanks, Patrick. Well, we have maintained the strong double-digit growth that we were seeing before the pandemic, throughout it. And we continue to believe that there is a sustainability to the level of growth that we're seeing in our entire Droplet Digital PCR portfolio. We certainly have penetrated the biopharma market across from discovery into QC and manufacturing with all of our platforms, the QX ONE playing out more strongly in the QC in the manufacturing segment. And we have a really strong demand and great pipeline moving forward. So we're very, very optimistic across the entire product line.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. Well, we've seen really good recovery in our base business and even when we compare it to 2019. Throughout the course of the year, we've seen really strong performance from our protein quantitation business. Certainly, process is driving a lot of the growth there as well but digital PCR continues to be a very important growth driver for the Life Science group. And I'm not sure if I answered...
Annette Tumolo: Sure. Sure. Well, we have essentially closed systems. So we get really, really good pull-through on all the systems that we sell. And I think last I looked, it was almost 50-50. So really good balance between the consumable pull-through and the platform sales. We're certainly aware of new entrants into the market. We know that Thermo recently launched a new low throughput digital PCR system. And we occasionally see these new products in the field. But frankly, we continue to win sales based on our differentiated value proposition and superior performance. And I think we feel pretty confident in our strategy and the current product offering that we have. I think, if anything, the new competition just really validates the utility of this digital PCR application in the bigger PCR market. So we're feeling pretty good about where we are.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. the QX ONE was really developed for the biopharma market, where high throughput and automation was really -- and very high performance were really the key drivers. I think when we want to address a broader saving qPCR markets with digital products, we certainly were looking for integrated workflows and that's something that we have with the Dropworks platform and the design and -- of this platform is well suited for cost-sensitive segments, the low end of the digital PCR market. And certainly, we think we can disrupt some of the higher end of the qPCR market with this product as well.
