Brad Crutchfield: This is Brad. I’ll answer that. Dan, the issue really and I think it was alluded to a little bit. Our market share is quite strong, but what we’re seeing is a shift to lower price models and obviously, that puts pressure on the top line. So, yes, we were fortunate that we had responded with good designs in these ranges, but certainly it's impacting the top line.
Brad Crutchfield: I think the thing there is that it is the (inaudible) product, I think it's the product that's been on the market through other Luminex partners. We took that on and just launched it in the last few weeks really. As far as moving the needle on the overall business, I wouldn't probably say that, but I do see it as being an important part of placements and our ability to put a very sizeable menu that we have for this product. So, I think its part of our overall multiplex immunoassay strategy is solid, but I don't think it's being something significant enough to move the needle significantly for the Life Science business.
Brad Crutchfield: No. This is Brad. I'll just take it; I think Christine covered it well. We see a commercial success of this product, we see an interest, it's certainly taking a little bit longer given the financial situation or the budget situation but with more of a lag in sales, but overall fundamentally, these products are being accepted, papers are being published and there is things that people are doing what they could never do before. So, we are quite happy.
Brad Crutchfield: I think that Asia in general continues to be good, but I think that Japan has after a number of years of being fairly flat has started to come alive a little more.
Brad Crutchfield: I’m not sure if its earthquake related, so there's I guess we had a little bit of an earthquake affect last year for a while. I think it’s just general spending and it’s also I think in our Diagnostics business we’re getting some traction with some of the products there.
Brad Crutchfield: I think in general there has been a resurgence of Japanese government investment in their basic research and we’ve been able to enjoy that certainly within the product areas that we are strong in, certainly in the protein expression and gene expression validation.
Christine Tsingos: Really that's hard to answer Dan, because I want to say no. And the reason is that every quarter we’re going to need to review the contingent consideration on the QuantaLife’s valuation and certainly if sales start to ramp rapidly that could go the other way, and it could end up being an expense that we would add rather than a reduction in expense. And as we look to the second half of the year, if sales continue to ramp so will our investment in both of this new digital PCR business as well as our ERP project and some other important projects that we have going on and that could temper the margins. So overall, I think we’re going to stick to the 11 to 12%.
Christine Tsingos: I think couple of the trends that we’ve talked about, we’ve talked about the pricing pressure that are going on and what’s going on with some of the tender business and in terms of those tenders become longer term and more competitive on a price basis and now it's true in Q2 and I think it seem to be true for the remainder of this year borrowing any significant turnaround.
Christine Tsingos: So, I think you're right, the core gross margins are holding up pretty well and I think the capacity utilization, the product mix, all of that is in our favor. From a currency standpoint, currency doesn't have as much impact on our gross margin line as it does so on our operating margin line because many of the cost of goods are pretty well balanced with where the sales are and so it's hard for me to get to a currency neutral gross margin, but what we do analyze seems to be minimal effect.
Christine Tsingos: Well, as you know we stopped our practice of giving out units on a quarterly basis, but certainly the placement continue to grow worldwide and the install-base is growing. And the average kind of revenue per instrument, annual revenue per instrument is remaining in that $200,000 range, so we are very pleased about that. More importantly, the profitability of that business unit continues to improve quarter-to-quarter as we are able to continue to lower cost of goods, as well as the associated selling cost that go with the instrument. Now, we are continuing to develop panels and hoping to get those through the FDA to help drive future placements, but that's a longer term process.
Christine Tsingos: Yes. I think from a business standpoint, and Brad is a better person to answer this than I’m, obviously he can cut me off here, but I think from a business standpoint, we still feel very, very good about the business. The sales ramp is a little slower than originally anticipated and part of that is it's a new technology, part of it is the budget dollars required and so it's a longer sales cycle, but…
Christine Tsingos: Yes. As far as the accounting goes, Jeff, it's kind of a complicated valuation exercise. The earn-out is you tied a specific goal over eight individual quarters, but each time we have to look at the entire earn-out, or the entire life of the earn-out, not just that specific quarter and kind of do the valuation. So, that's why I say depending on the ramp of the sales the impact to the P&L in any given quarter could go either way.
Christine Tsingos: So, I think that the spending for the entire program is pretty much in line with what we had budgeted and what we had expected both on the expense side and the capital side. Where we are in the overall project is we are finalizing our first deployment, meaning we’re kind of locking and loading the design and we are starting to do our integrated testing and as you may recall our first deployment, which is scheduled for early next year is a portion of our U.S. business. We wanted to keep the first deployment kind of close to home, so that we could really test this concept and make sure it’s going to perform well, and then we will start rolling that out on a more global basis. So, knock on wood here so far so good and we are proceeding down the path and have our best people working on it.
Christine Tsingos: Well, I think that the business for us was fairly strong throughout the entire quarter and I think some of that is a bit specific to us. For example, we’ve talked about in the past our IH-1000, our new blood typing high throughput instrument has done very well in Japan and continue to do well both with new instrument placements as well as the reagent stream that goes with it. And as Norman talked about we are seeing some very good strength in Japan in our Life Science markets, and I don't know Brad if you have anything to add to that.
Christine Tsingos: Ben, thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you everyone for joining us today and hopefully we will be seeing you soon. Bye.
