Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. Brandon, I'll echo a lot of that. I think that all the preparation that went into this, our buddy (17:27) system on the ground, when we went live and trying to take advantage of lessons learned from the first two deployments served us well. And as we now go through the process of running the day-to-day business and soon we'll be going through the close process, et cetera, productivity just naturally slows down from the very beginning of making product all the way through collecting. But you may remember with the second deployment in the summer of 2015, while it did slowdown in that first quarter and we ended up with more backlog, we were able to make it up fairly quickly in the following quarter. So, hopefully that would be the cases as well. But the pull forward in this deployment was more sizable than in the second deployment. And coupling that with the natural slowdown in productivity, that's what kind of leads to our near-term caution. But we did reiterate our outlook for the full year fully expecting to make that up.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Oh, good question. So, it's more than just ERP, when you think about that $6 million to $8 million. I mean a chunk of it is the project and project related but then also right now we're running some duplicate costs as we spin-up our new warehouse in Europe and we spin-up shared services at our regional headquarters. All of that contributes to incremental spend without the relief of kind of letting go of the old model, which obviously had to run the business in the first quarter and will continue to be a support through the second quarter. So, that – I would expect that increment would continue in the near-term. But our plan is that as we get to towards the end of 2017 and exit 2017, a lot of that duplication of head count, of warehouses, et cetera, really starts to go away and sets us up for incremental improvement in 2018.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So, good question, Brandon. And I think it's more than just leverage. We're looking at the overall capital allocation framework. And, as you know, we have a new board of directors that was elected a few weeks ago and – or a week ago. And so one of the first things we'll be doing is working with them to get their input, advice and ideas on capital allocation framework. And, obviously, first, we have to get them up to speed on Bio-Rad and the business, our goals and objectives. So, what we're targeting is late this year having an Analyst Day and sharing more information at that time, after we've spent some time with our board of directors.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Well, I think that we're still targeting the 4% top-line growth that we talked about in late February when we had our earnings call. And then, obviously, the addition of RainDance could add up to a point of that growth. What's been going on since then, one day, there is no NIH budget, the next day there is a budget and it's going up a little. So I think that, we'll keep watching. There is some encouraging things, Dan. Obviously, if the NIH budget is growing, that's good for us, because the majority of our Life Science sales are still into the academic research world, government and academic research world. It's nice to see pretty good signs of growth in Europe, even without this pull forward, that was primarily a European event, still very good base growth for both Life Science and Diagnostics. Granted it's an easy compare, in some cases, because we've struggled in Europe for some time, but that's also very encouraging for the future. In some of the emerging markets, we'll have to wait and see. Hopefully, the economies hold up. China continues to be a good, strong market for us. So, I think, it's too early to change our expectation, but we're off to a good start.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Because the charge in cost of goods was pretty much an offset to what went on in contingent considerations, they kind of neutralized each other out and kept us for the base business at around that 7%. I think going forward because this was kind of a large one-time event for contingent consideration and I'm not anticipating anything quite that sizable going forward.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Sure. So, very exciting to have the new board and had a good opportunity to spend time with them last week. When we were looking at where we're headed as a company in terms of continuing to expand globally, we're getting to the end of – or certainly far along in our ERP deployment. It was important to have board members who were really well-suited to help us for – with our next level of growth and opportunity. And that is extracting the benefit from these very sizable investments that we've been making, not only in terms of systems, but how we run the business in a more efficient way. And many of the new board members come from backgrounds where they've gone through this ERP type of implementation and extracting benefit. I think, having their experience on the capital allocation side, as we move forward and see a little light at the end of the tunnel to start to expand our margins, our cash flow will expand, and it becomes even more important for us to focus on the appropriate framework and use of that. So those are a couple of the reasons. Having somebody with good governance and regulatory background – we're in a highly regulated market, as you know, all over the world. And Arnie Pinkston brings tremendous amount of experience in that area, having spent his career at Allergan and Beckman and Lilly. So all of that's very valuable, as we continue to expand and grow globally. Those are a few of thoughts off top of my head, very exciting.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. So, well, too really to know about Q2 and it's hard to say in Q1 how people may have behaved if there was uncertainty around the budget, were they hanging on to their money, just in case. That's hard to peel back the onion and know for sure. What we can do is we can look at our specific business. And especially in North America, there was a very large year-over-year decline in process media. And, again, it's just a lumpy business. Our outlook remains very strong for that. But it certainly was enough to move the needle. At the same time, you look in North America for some of our very core products, amplifications and cell biology, as well as the new imager in western blotting and all of that and there is real growth going on there. So, hopefully, the combination of a good product lineup and more certainty around the funding environment will bode well for North America going forward.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: I think it's always still on the table. I think acquisitions are an important way for us to bring new technology to the company and expand our product portfolios in the markets that we serve. Having said that, there are – some are opportunistic, some are more targeted, but they're not quite as frequent as even we would like them to be. But they're certainly on the table and we'll continue to look at opportunities in both Life Science and Diagnostics. In terms of the more certain capital investments that we're making there, we'll continue to move forward investing in systems and the build out in Europe as we expand our new process footprint, if you will. So more of the same of that, but certainly we'll continue to look for opportunities in acquired technologies products businesses.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: When you ask about ERP dragging on, are you referring to the project continuing or are you referring to the business slowing down, while people adopt to the systems.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So I'll start with the business slowing down as they adopt to the new system. Again, we've seen this in our prior deployment, so wouldn't be unexpected or unusual for it to happen now. It just takes time for people to learn something new and get very proficient at it. When we went live in North America, we ended up that first quarter of go-live with an $8 million to $10 million backlog and we made it up in the following quarter. My only caution here would be, while it could put a fair amount of pressure on our second quarter, then we move into the third quarter, which is a seasonally slow quarter in Europe – do they really make it up right then? I don't' know. That's to be seen. And I have no reason to believe one way or another, but as I'm thinking about the seasonality of that business versus North America, there is that one element. As far as spending on the project, I mean the project will continue and we will continue to implement around the world and bring our commercial businesses into this single instance of SAP. The change though in spending is what we really have in front of us now, our commercial operations, I don't want to say they're easy, because nothing about this is easy, but they are certainly less complex than the manufacturing operation. So our plan is to move forward in kind of very deliberate byte size system-by-system approach with the implementation and that will probably go on for the next two years or three years as we look at these commercial operations. And then we're going to look at them individually and judge the ROI. More importantly, though, I think we are hoping that that much of this implementation we're going to be able to do with the knowledge that we have now built internally having gone through three very sizable deployments. And using our own people should allow us to finish off these implementations at a lower cost. So, this year, a fair amount of spend. I'm always wanting to remind people that once we go live, all of the labor is expensed, whereas when you're going through your deployment, it's capitalized. So we have that in front of us right now. But then as we move to 2018 and beyond, we'd like to be able to incorporate both the project and the cost as part of our ongoing business over the next few years.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Great. Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join us today. Stay tuned for more information about our upcoming Analyst Day. Bye-bye.
