Norman Schwartz: Thanks, Roop. Just to close it out, I'd like to reiterate that in spite of all that's going on around us, our strategy and our focus for the future growth of the company is intact. In our Clinical Diagnostics business, we have these leading market positions globally for our core platforms, and we continue to invest in supporting the growth and building a position in, for example, a new Molecular Diagnostics segment through the development of PCR-1 an acquisition we made some time ago and leveraging our Droplet Digital PCR platform into high-value niches. In Life Science, we continue to maintain a focus on Biopharma, especially for Digital PCR, our Process Chromatography products and new products in development, say, particularly around cell biology. We do believe the long-term opportunity for sustained growth in this Biopharma market segment is solid. And certainly, we also continue to invest to enhance our leadership in Digital PCR and other leading platform positions in the academic markets that we serve.  Overall, between Life Science and Diagnostics, we do believe we're well positioned to drive long-term growth as we move through this dynamic period. 
Norman Schwartz: Yes. I think we're getting pretty close on the diagnostics hire. I think we'll have something to announce pretty soon. And we've got a really good pool of candidates on the COO side. That will probably take a little longer, but we're pretty encouraged. 
Norman Schwartz: No, there hasn't. I mean, obviously, in a company of our size and actually any size, you have a certain amount of turnover that's natural every year in the kind of the 5% to 10% range. But -- but no, these departures have not precipitated anything else. 
Andrew Last: Patrick, it's Andy. So let me take that question. So first on Process Chromatography in the quarter, I mean, big -- a tough compare to 2023 for sure, I think the Core Life Science business kind of really met the expectations. So we did call out that I think for us, Process Chromatography is softer than we anticipated. And that kind of drove the delta for us. As we look forward to the rest of the year, at this point in time, we're considering the Process Chrome is going to be softer than originally anticipated. I just want to reiterate because it's a valid question. We're not seeing that we're losing customers. We're maintaining share. In fact, we still believe we are winning share as we called out in the script.  On Life Science, it's just a higher level of uncertainty, I think, is where we sit right now. And most of the -- if not virtually all of the delta in Life Sciences instrument. The consumables and reagents are actually performing pretty consistently, sequentially and year-over-year. So it's just kind of -- it's the spend on -- capital spend on equipment, which is the major delta for us right now. 
Andrew Last: Yes. So I think the core Life Sciences with the caveats that I just mentioned, I think we're -- it's in the line. There's some strength in clinical diagnostics that looks good to us right now. which kind of keeps us within our guide range overall. 
Andrew Last: Yes. So interestingly, relative to core Life Science, which was down mid-teens, the Digital PCR franchise was down single digit percentage. And it was all concentrated in the instruments. The consumable reagent pull-through was pretty good. And as we look forward, we view the franchise recovering in line with market recovery as we go through the remaining quarters in the year. Competitively, we're not seeing any change to our win-loss ratio. And of course, our major competition is calling out some improvement in their year-over-year performance. It's not lost on us, but we just want to reiterate that they're in a segment which we've not yet entered which we'll be entering later this year. 
Andrew Last: Yes. So thank you for the question. It's Andy again. So I think where we sit right now are really encouraged by the influx of capital into Biotech, Biopharma. That really is a prerequisite to second half [ x ] growth. It's not showed up in our order books as yet. And [ no ] the funnel is we're starting to have more positive sentiment and conversations within that segment. But it's not showed up yet a hard and fast orders. 
Andrew Last: Yes. I think I kind of answered that question as a carry on from my previous answer as it relates to biotech, biopharma. And I do think that we need to see the kind of encouraging signs turn into orders for the second half, which obviously will generate the ramp. Process Chromatography, we do view as being really a more challenging year overall due to destocking. But we see some good growth in our Clinical Diagnostics business. And we envisage that continuing throughout the year. So I think really just a reconfirmation of the comments that we made in the script and my earlier answer. 
Andrew Last: Yes. Yes. Thanks, Conor. This is Andy. So there's a slightly different profile for each of these announcements. Allegheny is much more focused on the real clinical insight around minimal residual disease and how best to deploy our technology to be more effective in that area. So that's really a value creation through insight learning, clinical information. The Oncocyte is more tangible in that this is to generate longer-term systems placements and test sales for Oncocyte in particular, and then we'll have some beneficial effect from that. But that's kind of a long-term strategy. It will have no material impact in the very near term. And then Geneoscopy, we are the platform they chose to develop on. And as they succeed and with that platform moving forward, they will create a consumable and reagent stream for us. And if there's an opportunity, which we believe there is to take that solution beyond the U.S. and into other markets, that creates spoke test revenue and consumable revenue and the system revenue opportunities. None of this is what I would call immediate near-term impact, but it's really solid long-term strategy. 
