Christine A. Tsingos: So, Eastern Europe is smaller than some of the other segments. And obviously on a currency neutral basis, backing it out would increase their growth rate. But Western Europe is probably one of the largest regions, if not and I guess, the U.S. is probably larger now than Europe with what's been going on in Europe. So, I don't have a specific growth rate. But I think that it'd be safe that it would be a couple of points.
Christine A. Tsingos: Well, I mean, it all depends on where the currencies go from here. So I think we will stick with the originally anticipated – that kind of $50 million to $75 million. We had $20 million of it on the top line in the first quarter. I still think that as we get to the second half of the year then we don't have the same headwinds, but a lot of that Brandon is just going to depend on what happens to the rate.
Christine A. Tsingos: I think the Life Science growth, it's a combination of really good ongoing strength in some of the base business and the Droplet Digital PCR technology. We did have a good quarter for the process media, which can be a lumpy business as customers will buy in bulk. And so, in any given quarter there could be $3 million to $5 million of an extra order in there, but even that business is starting to smooth out a little now that we have such a broad reach of customers.
Christine A. Tsingos: China Life Science spending trends continues to be pretty robust. I guess that's the way, I would describe it.
Christine A. Tsingos: Well, I think you know, we guided to 30% to 32%, and now we've just kind of banked a 39% in terms of the effective tax rate. Obviously, as the year moves on, some of the discrete items get spread on an annualized basis. So I think for a base rate of being in that 30% to 32% is where we'll probably trend for the year because of the Q1 39%, you know I think the math is going to point more to that, that higher end at 32%, with the caveat of, you know every quarter there could be discrete items that move the rate either up or down.
Christine A. Tsingos: Some of it relates to ERP. Some relates to legal costs. But I think for the ERP, we've talked about spending operating expenses in that $30 million, low $30 million number and I think that's probably still the right number to use. Remember, a lot of the professional fees with the project are actually capitalized labor, but then there is a lot of kind of side projects, if you will, other systems that are impacted by this that require some professional services as well.
Christine A. Tsingos: Well, so no, Jeff, it's a good point and we have seen, since December 31, some weakening in the dollar even against some of our major currencies. But we also have exposure to the Russian ruble and Brazil and some currencies that are still a bit volatile. So, it's kind of a mixed bag for us. Obviously, if we keep trending this way, then the currency headwinds for the full year should come in lower than what we anticipated at the beginning of the year.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay. Great. Well, thank you as always for your interest in Bio-Rad and taking the time to join us today. Bye-bye.
John Hertia: We were pretty strong across almost all segments in the U.S. line. We did introduce, I think we'd reported in the last conference call we did get FDA approval for a new diabetes instrument, the D-100 and got approval for a new blood typing instrument, the infinity and those are both contributing. And as Christine mentioned, BioPlex is doing very well around the world and that certainly is contributing to the U.S. too, especially in the areas of autoimmune, mumps testing and in the expansion of HIV and Vitamin D.
John Hertia: The new Bio project continues, continue to make progress and we're anticipating something in the near future.
John Hertia: So, I guess, it came about, this whole area of single cell analysis is something that's of more and more interest to customers and Illumina was looking for a kind of a complete solution for the customers, and I guess they probably approached us. I don't know who made the first move, but got together and looked at what we could do together with that. And so that's, I guess that's the way it basically came about. The two groups are working pretty closely together and anticipate something coming out around the end of the year.
John Hertia: Yes. There's certainly, I mean the word sequestration has seemed to have dropped out of everybody's vocabulary and I think that's certainly a big help. In addition to that, I think there is certainly an increased focus. The government has kind of I would say gotten back on track with the importance and value of this basic science and investing in science in the NIH. And so, I think that's a good trend.
John Hertia: Yeah. We are optimistic. As you know, it's always hard to say when something might actually happen or what competition for it might be, but we continue to kind of work along that path and I'm certainly hoping that we can do something this year.
John Hertia: But I think the point is that it continues to grow, and I think the other point is being spec'd in those drugs is a good indicator of a repeatable or continuous business.
