Andrew Last: Right. Thank you very much, Ilan. So as the world continued its must recovery from the pandemic, we experienced strong demand for both our Life Science and Clinical Diagnostic products, and our organization is broadly back to normal operations. We also had modestly higher-than-expected demand for COVID-related products, particularly in Asia Pacific.  However, improvement in product supply in the quarter was slower to materialize than we expected which negatively impacted sales across several product lines, particularly early in the quarter, and we continue to carry a significant order backlog.  As previously mentioned, the areas of challenge have been primarily electronic components for instruments. We did experience improved product supply as the quarter progressed, and we now see a positive improvement trend for product supply as we enter the fourth quarter.  In addition, during the quarter, we experienced significantly elevated logistics costs and ongoing higher cost in raw materials. Inventory levels increased quarter-to-quarter, reflecting strength in demand and the order backlog as we focus on procuring the remaining key components.  During the quarter, we launched our next-generation Droplet Digital PCR system QX600, which brings advanced 6 color-based multiplexing and application flexibility, especially in oncology and reproductive health to our customers. We are extremely pleased with the market response and have quickly built a strong order book.  Also in Q3, we completed the acquisition of Curiosity Diagnostics and their PCR-1 system. This system provides a sample to answer, high multiplex and rapid diagnostic PCR system to facilitate our entry into the molecular disease testing market with a differentiated platform.  Integration of this Warsaw, Poland-based company is progressing very smoothly. While relatively small, our business operations in Russia continued to be challenging as a result of increased sanctions and employee concerns over the military draft mandate.  We expect sanctions to continue to impact operations for the near to medium term. Overall, we are very pleased with our performance in China, although the protracted Zero COVID policy had some extended effect on our Clinical and Life Science businesses in Q3, and we see the recovery to normal taking a little longer.  In closing, as we enter Q4, our organization continues to focus on resolving the supply chain challenges, which importantly have already begun to ease reducing our backlog and meeting the high levels of demand we are experiencing from our customers. Thank you.  And I’ll now pass you back to Ilan.
Andrew Last: Yes. Patrick, it's Andy. So yes, I think we mentioned in the script that we're already seeing it easing. We were more constrained at the beginning of the quarter than as we came out of the quarter and now entering into Q4, we see our production improving.  So I think that's our expectation right now is we will meaningfully work down a significant piece of our backlog as we get to the end of the year. We still expect to have some backlog as we move into the first quarter of next year. But -- we do expect improvement, and we do have the visibility on the production at this point in time.
Andrew Last: Yes, this is Andy. So we have a modest price realization through year-to-date, but clearly not sufficient to overcome all of the inflationary costs here especially since we have quite a backlog and below that backlog is being carried for a while now. So kind of pre price increases.  And so as our backlog unwinds, we do expect to capture more of what we've put into our price increases. And so we're hopeful that Q4 will see some improvement as we roll in through the quarter.
Andrew Last: I think we would say that we're mostly absorbing this in backlog, it's hard to claim that there's not a few months here and there. I think there are, inevitably, especially on the more commoditized product areas.  But the size of our backlog has built through the year, and now we're working it down. So we've been very supported by basically customer loyalty to our product offerings. And so that's contributes a little bit to our elevated logistics costs in Q3 as we were really expediting shipments to them so a lot more in Q3 if this product did come off the production line. So yes, that's essentially, I think, how we see it right now.
Andrew Last: Yes, it's a tough one to answer. It's predominantly interim platforms, as we've indicated, electronic components and in some cases, an average is really meaningless in this regard because there's a very broad range of time associated with some of those backlogs and for particular customers.  So it can be 6 weeks, it can be a few -- several months. And as the years progress that, that has built and we've built inventory, as you can see, reflective of our demand waiting on those final components, which procurement is spending a lot of time on chasing.  And I don't think it's probably appropriate to put forth what Q3 might have been because that's probably not the right kind of metric to be focused on because we're rolling into Q4 at this point in time.
Andrew Last: Yes. I mean we have a team focused on deciphering and executing against this myriad of sanctions that come at us. More of the business in Russia for us is Clinical and Life Science.  It's between 1% to 2% of sales. It fluctuates a bit on a typical year, and it is down a bit this year, as you might expect, more so on the Life Science side than on the Clinical side. And we literally have a team that's focused on just interpreting every single sanction and whether it impacts us or not and can we load this truck as expected or not. And it's not getting better, and it's difficult to know what it really will look like by the end of this year and moving into next year.
Norman Schwartz: Yes. So I don't think the landscape has changed markedly in the last several months, it's still about the same. As we've always said, they're few and far between. And -- but we do consider -- we do continue to look at what might be possible.  Certainly, when we think of all of that, we still see Sartorius as very strategic -- and as you know, there's still 5 or 6 years left on the trust. So we've got a little bit of time to wait on that.
Norman Schwartz: Well, I think it certainly depends on what the opportunity is, and I think we have to look at it holistically. We've got obviously, three elements that we can think about. We've got cash on the balance sheet. We've got debt capacity. And then I would say we are comfortable with some economic dilution using equity. But obviously, we're going to be careful and prudent with all of that.
Norman Schwartz: Yes. Well, okay. So first, I think I've still got a few more years in me. So that's the #1. We do work on succession planning internally and have, I think, some good ideas around that.  I think that in terms of structuring something, I think it really depends largely on what it is. And we have to kind of evaluate how it fits, how it needs to be managed over the last several years. Of course, we've evolved into this kind of more what would I call it, a more functional organization. And that's allowed us to do a number of things and make a lot of progress. And again, I think it's time and situation dependent. Would we stay with that organization? Would we move to another kind of organization? Again, I think it's really all facts and circumstances.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Thank you, Patrick. I appreciate the question. Yes, so when we look at the third quarter, definitely logistics was a headwind and with our normalized kind of level of spend, but it was kind of interrelated somewhat also to the supply chain constraints.  So there were still constraints in terms of specifically electronic components, as Andy mentioned in the prepared remarks. And there was also some mix within kind of the revenue itself. On a positive note, our manufacturing cost in terms of the FX was a little bit of a tailwind in terms of the overall cost there.  As Andy mentioned earlier, we see an improvement, and we -- our guidance also bakes in a nice improvement in terms of the overall supply chain. And we do see an increased volume that is being manufactured constantly and incrementally. So that also will benefit the logistics cost overall. And we are very encouraged because the overall order backlog is still nice, although it's going down, but customers are still holding up.  Logistics cost part of it, for example, was expedited shipments because customers do come first for us. So obviously, when it comes to the fourth quarter, we can see that the order backlog is still a nice size, although it's going down with the higher volume that we are able to manufacture.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Logistics was by far the highest kind of headwind. And the offset was somewhat the foreign exchange benefit throughout the global manufacturing footprint costs. And mix was probably the third kind of thing. But in terms of order of logistics was first.
Ilan Daskal: Thanks for the question. So we have never perceived ourselves as an investment company. So -- and this is still the case. And this is not any showstopper for any potential acquisition or any target or any aspect of the capital allocation, whether it's our debt or issuance of capital or equity that is blocking us from pursuing any opportunity.
Ilan Daskal: We are trying to be as much as we can opportunistic coupled with the overall capital allocation thinking. And as you can see, the market is not growing maybe in the right direction, but definitely, we have still about $300 million debt on the plan and we'll continue to pursue the same kind of approach.  And historically, if you recall, we had similar situations that market was down, and we were not in the market. And usually, when we step in, we step in with large larger chunks and in specific quarters. So -- we will just continue to pursue the same opportunistic approach that we adopted in the past.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. And Jack, what I can say, I can confirm that it was definitely much higher than the order backlog that rolled over from last year to this year, so at the end of last year.  Another indication that you can look at is the higher inventory level that's now we carry in the balance sheet. And the incremental, a lot of it is in raw materials. So when it translates into revenue, so you get kind of an order of magnitude there of the kind of the opportunity, you can call it.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Thank you, Brandon. Obviously, when we raised the last the bond with probably a great timing. Today, the [indiscernible] treasury is above the coupon that we pay. It takes time to catch up. Specifically, if you think about the bonds, it was about $11 million of an expense for the quarter, and this specific quarter was about $8 million of interest income, but it continues to catch up as we will continue to roll the investments. So it should get within the next 1 to 2 quarters, assuming that these interest rates will continue to be out there, at least into kind of parity between the 2 could also be kind of moving into a gain there.
Dara Wright: Sure. Thanks, Brandon. This is Dara. So the platform is pre-commercial, so it's a technology acquisition. So there's still quite a bit of work to do to complete the assay development pipeline and clinical trials. It will be going into regulated markets.  So we don't anticipate any contribute material contribution next year. I think it will be sort of beyond the 2023 time line as we roll through that development investment. So at a high level, it's a rapid multiples sample-to-answer PCR platform and we'll be targeting initially syndromic infectious disease applications.  There are quite a number of features inherent in their approach that are differentiated versus other offerings. And we also think it will help us extend into additional market segments not currently served by the existing syndromic test platforms today. So look forward about -- looking forward to sharing more about that as time marches on in 2023.
Dara Wright: Yes. The main sort of headwinds there were just supply chain-related instrument placements. Those are both closed systems, consumables across the board continue to post good growth. It was really our impact of inability to fulfill instruments.
Dara Wright: Sure. Very similar to sort of the conversation that we had last quarter in that there are 2 dynamics. The most material one is the larger supply constraint dynamic given the inability to fulfill instrumentation into China. And then the second was the periodic lockdowns, which have an impact on routine testing as well as an impact on logistics flow, just getting materials into the region. At a high level, though, demand remains strong. And if we look at sort of the core clinical testing growth, it is demand is very much in line with pre-pandemic levels.  The challenges really are these sort of circuit breaker events that just make the flow less than smooth over the last few quarters as well as the supply constrained headwinds that we're working through.
Jack Meehan: Got it. And then on the business, Ilan or Andy, can you talk about like when you look at the backlog, just median time to deliver versus a normal period? Or is there a way to quantify how much larger sales would have been in the quarter if the supply chain issues didn't persist.  I just look at the inventory, and we're talking about tens of millions of dollars bill,just any level of context would be helpful.
Jack Meehan: So a couple of more business questions. Process media, I'm not sure if I missed in the script, but just can you give a magnitude of the growth in the quarter and on top of discussion this earnings season has been stocking dynamics with customers. Just are you seeing any of that? Just any color on inventory trends of customers would be helpful.
Jack Meehan: Got it. And then last one is on the China region in Diagnostics. I know it sounds like in the past, you've managed through the lockdown recently, but just talk about how the region performed any impact.
