Andy Last: All right. Many thanks, Ilan. Good afternoon, everybody. So the second quarter of the year continued with a similar profile to the first quarter. Overall demand for both Life Science and Clinical Diagnostics continued to be strong and localized surges of COVID continued. China in particular drove higher-than-expected PCR instrument demand. However, the stringent lockdown policies in China and the extended nature of the lockdown did have a negative impact on local sales on both sides of the business during the quarter. With the relaxation of the lockdown, we are now seeing improved conditions for the second half of the year. The lockdown also had some further negative effect on the ongoing supply chain challenges we have all been experiencing. Our organization and operations continued to work efficiently during the second quarter. And despite sporadic localized upticks in COVID, our offices have remained open. The expected level of improvement in supply chain constraints in Q2 did not fully materialize and the quarter was again challenging for supply of instruments against the backdrop of strong demand. As a result, our order backlog continued to build along with our inventory levels of raw materials and work-in-progress instruments. With that said, we have found our orders to be sticky and our customers are being patient. During the quarter, we also experienced a continuation of elevated logistics and raw material costs. Overall, we are putting significant effort into procuring required materials and remain optimistic around improvement in supply chain constraints towards the back half of this year. With the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine and imposition of further sanctions on Russia, we did experience a modest decline in our Life Science business sales to Russia during the quarter, while sales of our Clinical Diagnostics products were largely unaffected. And we expect this dynamic to continue through at least the remainder of the year. As a final comment, despite the challenges of COVID its impact in China in particular and the Russian war on Ukraine, our organization has continued to excel in managing the supply chain challenges and supporting the needs of our customers. And we're very encouraged by the strong and consistent improvement in demand across our Life Science and Clinical Diagnostics businesses. So with that, I'll say thank you and pass it back to Ilan.
Andy Last: Sure. No absolutely. We do expect it to ease in the second half relative to the first half, which has been challenging obviously. You did note that we mentioned we increased inventory during Q2, a lot of work in progress just sitting waiting on some instruments; sitting waiting on a small handful of components. So when they come in we're staged to improve our sales pacing in the second half. We don't anticipate supply constraints going away completely by the end of the year but we certainly do expect them to ease as we move forward. And in terms of actions we're taking, I mean, we continue to put a lot of emphasis internally on the procurement side of the organization and being flexible on manufacturing lines as components become available and we expect to continue to do that through the second half.
Andy Last: Yeah. I mean, I think that the profile is the same. A lot of work in progress waiting on sometimes just one component, our inventory levels increased about $50 million quarter-over-quarter so Q2 over Q1 and we had a lift in Q1 too versus Q4. So you can see that we're really staged as we get relief by procuring the right component to ship. So our shipping profiles during the quarters are quite different as well as you might expect. I think that will just continue, but with improvement in the second half versus the first half.
Andy Last: Yeah. And just to add on the order backlog and I'm sure it's kind of common across a number of players in the industry right now. It's very sticky. We feel really good about our customer relationships. We do not see a lot of attrition against our orders. So we've got pretty good sense about what's going on there.
Andy Last: Yes we're not going as far as to actually put the numbers out there at this point I'm afraid Jack. But yes, you are right, we had a backlog at the end of Q4. We didn't anticipate we would recapture all of that backlog in the following quarter. But since then our backlog has increased reflecting the supply constraints. You could look at it as a healthy backlog and strong order pipeline is another way to consider it. But we're selling based on supply chain constraints right now.
Andy Last: No it's mostly electronic components. And it can be as simple as one chip here and there as you get some [indiscernible] a bearing or -- some unanticipated component. But it is mostly electronic components and chips are the biggest--
Andy Last: Yes all instruments. It's across our instrument lines whether they're clinical or life science. And we have a fairly broad portfolio of instrumentation as you know. So we see it across a large number of different product areas. And our ability to supply those just fluctuates based on getting that -- those components in.
Andy Last: I think we have Dara on the line and I know she's probably got a few comments, she can make around that.
Andy Last: Yes, very good question. And yes, we have. We did roll out price increases averaging 4% to 5% mostly across the Life Science business in the first half. We've started to see some realization of those price increases now. It is largely offsetting the inflation, with the cost inflation we're experiencing on logistics and raw materials. We're assessing further price increases before the end of the year. We would like to try and take a bit more price in the second half, if we feel we can. And -- but overall, we are looking to offset the inflationary costs that are coming at us.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. So I'll start with the first part. We generally maintain the overall guidance for both of the business groups similar to what we provided earlier in the year. Specifically in the second quarter, we saw some softness in the diagnostics business specifically in China. But again generally we are maintaining the guidance for each of the business groups for the full year. I don't know Andy if you want to add…
Ilan Daskal: Yeah. It's still generally speaking the right range. Obviously on a quarterly basis, the geographical mix of earnings does weigh in. We did get. And we'll continue probably later in the year get some benefit from the export sales which does benefit a little bit the rates. But overall, yes, we are maintaining it.
Ilan Daskal: Obviously, Andy mentioned earlier, that the order level is healthy and continues to grow. And the elevated inventory level actually will be fulfilled once we are able to procure a few more components. So generally, we are encouraged. We don't see any risk to that inventory. And actually we are really encouraged by the order backlog that we see out there.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Yes, thanks Patrick for the question. So, first I'll start with the restructuring itself and the activities associated with the restructuring are all on track in terms of the activities both in Europe as well as in Asia. And we're starting to ramp some of that activity already in Asia. And in addition even if you look already in this quarter's results part of the gross margin, improvement year-over-year is associated with improved efficiency and productivity that we are seeing. Another piece there was obviously benefiting from foreign exchange ratio. And there were some elevated -- on the other hand elevated logistics cost. But definitely the efficiency and productivity did contribute to some of that benefit year-over-year on the gross margin. So again everything is in line and is baked into our full year guidance and no delays there.
