Christine Tsingos: Sure. So, I think the biggest component was SG&A was up year over year, and some of that was currency. In the prepared remarks I highlighted about $15 million of the increase year over year. And $10 million it is probably related to currency; the other $5 million is kind of split between our ERP spend and a decision that we made to increase some of the reserves on receivables for parts of Europe where the economies – I mean, you guys read about them in the newspaper every day – where some of the economies are really slowing down.Paul Knight – Credit Agricole Securities Inc.: And so that – the reserves would be in that SG&A line, Christine...
Christine Tsingos: Not even sure how to answer that. It’s a good question. I don’t disagree with you that many companies, when you look at them going through these programs, they’re costly. They can be disruptive. I think we’re trying to be very diligent and deliver it in how we manage this project, which is partially why we’ve chosen to do it over a number of years rather than very quickly, big bang, where you increase the opportunity for a disruption. Having said that, I think there are always blips in the road. Our goal is to try and not have it be a significant financial blip or impact on our business. In the short term, we’re putting some of our best folks on the project, and those positions need to be backfilled. And that always takes a little bit of time. But while we can’t guarantee no blips along the way, we’re going to be as diligent and prescriptive as possible in running a successful project.Junaid Husain – Ticonderoga Securities, LLC: All right. Good enough. Thanks, guys. That’s all I’ve got.
Christine Tsingos: No, I think we probably continue to step up through this year, as we build the team and go through our global design process. And then it should start to be a little more consistent on the expense side. And of course over time the capital side will continue to rise.Jon Wood – Jefferies & Co., Inc.: Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Christine Tsingos: Okay. Great. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and look forward to speaking with you soon. Bye-bye.
