Norman D. Schwartz - Bio: Thank you, Christine. So I just wanted to say, while the results for the quarter were obviously somewhat disappointing, I would emphasize that given the massive amount of change that we initiated in the second quarter, I think we have not done too badly. We not only turned on our new global ERP system across major parts of Europe, we reorganized our legal entity structure in Europe, our European product distribution opened up a brand new distribution center here and moved to a shared service model. I think all allowing us to consolidate significant resources throughout the region. As anticipated, we did experience some slowdown in fulfilling customer orders. However, from day one, we have been able to make product, take orders and ship to customers. And I do feel the team has done a remarkable job, and I'm confident that we will work through the challenges of this transition over the next few quarters. I guess I would also say with this final major deployment behind us, we have almost 100% of our manufacturing and more than 65% of our sales on a single system. And as the dust settles, I think we certainly can begin to look to the benefits of the changes that we've made. So, Sherry, now I think we're happy to open it up for questions.
Norman D. Schwartz - Bio: Yeah. Just to amplify that a little bit. I mean, you can imagine when you turn on a new program for the first time, or go through some kind of an upgrade personally, it takes time to learn the system. And if you've got thousands of transactions you're trying to accomplish every day, it just – things go slower. And it's a bit like the old show in I Love Lucy where she's on the candy line and the candy keeps coming down the line. You have a little bit of that going on all around the organization. You've got a lot of new people in place with these shared service centers not only learning the system but learning the customers, learning the products. And so it just takes a little time to work through it.
Norman D. Schwartz - Bio: Yeah. Well, in most of the business, especially in Europe, these are diagnostic customers with these technologies embedded in their labs. I mean, we did try to work with them closely. As you remember, we had a fair amount of pull-forward of orders and we've, obviously, we just try to stay very close to those customers. You can never say that you're going to retain all of those customers. You've probably got the odd customer who gets fed up and the salesman walks in from a competitor, and you lose that business. And certainly, the same is true when other companies have disruptions or problems, and we try to be Johnny-on-the-spot, as well. So it goes back and forth. But we have tried to stay very close to the customers and hold their hands throughout this entire process. And I was at the AACC the last few days and talking with some customers who – especially one large customer who had some issues, and we worked through that with them and they're certainly very happy now. So we can only try.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Sure. So, gosh, Brandon. It's probably a little bit of everything. When you transition – this is an SAP system that helps you manage the business in a full end-to-end process. I think, for us, transitioning to a new system in production just naturally slows things down, and then the same in the warehouse itself in terms of fulfilling orders. I don't think we hit any glitches in terms of how the system operates. But from the person on the phone taking the order to the person on the manufacturing plant floor making the product to then our new warehouses picking and packing and shipping, all in the face of pretty strong demand, just was a lot to get through in the quarter.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah. It's a good question. Because we can see that we've already made progress in catching up on some of the backorders or the shipping. But at the same time there's a lot of new things coming out on the demand side and the new order side. So that's why I don't think we're going to be able to make it all up in one quarter the way we did when we went live in North America. You may remember that the backorder we made up the following quarter after go-live. I think for us this is really going to take us through the fourth quarter. Our goal is to get to that normalized state so that we can enter 2018 kind of firing on all cylinders.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: That is the case. So in terms of what we're carrying this year, you just mentioned about $10 million of operating loss in RainDance and we did on top of that $10 million there was some charge in Q1. But to the first part of your question in terms of the ERP spend or what we call ERP-related, meaning the folks working on the project as well as some of the backfill that we have throughout the organization so that our folks can focus on the project, for the full year of 2017 that's probably running in the $35 million to $40 million of expense for us. And as we move into 2018, we expect that to go down. Same is true for – I think when you asked about duplicate costs and that in the year, I think you're referring to some of this duplicate head count that we have because we were spinning up shared services, we're spinning up a new warehouse, but we're not able to, at least in the first half of the year, shut down that. For 2017, that's probably $6 million of expense. A lot of that is front-end loaded, but again, hoping to shed that as we move into 2018.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: In terms of visibility, I mean, and this is a testament to the SAP system, we're able to see line-by-line what's going on in the business, both in terms of the impact as well as where we are in terms of the catch-up. So I think that we'll continue to monitor that and, as I said, we're making progress every day. And demand in the market seems to be hanging in there around the world too. So all of that kind of contributes to our reiterating our original top line outlook of 4% organic growth rate.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So the answer to the first part of your question is, no, I don't think we had a financial outlook for the magnitude of the disruption. We certainly knew there would be disruption and we talked about it on the Q1 call in May. Because this is now our third major deployment, so we've experienced this before. I think that the magnitude of the disruption is larger than we may have anticipated. But, as Norman said, we've been operating the business from day one and it really is just about keeping up pace of where we were before we went live and getting back to that level.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Well, this is a business that is very traditionally lumpy. This is a supply chain provision into the drug development market, and customers are very often buying for their own purposes as they decide to shore up safety stocks or run down stocks. So it's very hard for us to know exactly where things are going to land. But this is really par for the course. We have a pretty long history with this business, and we're not terribly surprised by the ups and downs. We are sometimes surprised by the magnitudes.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So I'm not saying that it forecasts a negative outlook for the business going forward, either. Perhaps that's worth saying too.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Sure. So, Sara, I think you have the – you're identifying some of the correct budgets – or buckets of spend as we move forward. In terms of where does improvement come from, it is related to spend on the project. It is related to some of these technology investments that we've been making for cell biology, for Droplet Digital PCR, et cetera, that those get up-righted as time goes on. And it's about the sales top line increasing and contributing to the bottom line. And it's about really extracting benefits of a more efficient model. So with all of that as my setup, we are all very much looking forward to our Investor Day, which we will hold in New York the morning of November 28. And part of our goal at that meeting is to help give more color and detail around our bridge to our 2020 financial goal.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: I think the other thing, Dan, to remember is most of the disruption was on the Diagnostics side of the business and related to large instruments that are already placed. These tend to be closed instruments. And while Norman says we are hand-holding, making sure all of our customers are happy, they're sticky customers.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Probably up a little more than that on a year-over-year basis. Probably $7 million, $7.5 million, something like that.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for your interest and your participation today. And hopefully, we will see you in New York on November 28 for our Investor Day. Bye-bye.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Gotcha. One more for Christine. In the second quarter could you quantify the dollar impact from the process media business? The decline.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And as far as the full year outlook goes, number one, could you give us a sense of what's embedded in guidance for the total costs that you're absorbing both from the ERP project as well as the other duplicative costs, number one? And then number two, in terms of the operating margin guidance, I believe your prior outlook for about 7% excluded RainDance, which I think is about a 50 basis point drag nut now it includes. I just want to make sure that's the case.
Brandon Couillard - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Christine, could you break out the year-over-year impact on, I guess, on the SG&A line from ERP expenses? You said it was up $6 million sequentially, but curious if you have the year-over-year number.
