Christine A. Tsingos: I think the negative EPS impact in the quarter was probably around $1 million. We didn't own it for the whole quarter, and we're just now ramping it up. So I think we anticipate that the quarterly drag will be a little more than that going forward and probably around $10 million for the year.
Christine A. Tsingos: Well -- so I think I just talked about kind of the increase in the legal-related accruals was about $4 million. I think that obsolescence was about $2.5 million.
Christine A. Tsingos: So what hit in cost of goods was the additional legal accruals, the additional amortization margin pressure that came from pricing pressure.
Christine A. Tsingos: So we really didn't talk about every single region. I think in -- what we can say is that many of the emerging markets, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Asia Pacific, continue to be growers for us and the mix changes between Life Science and Diagnostics from country to country. But in general, they turn -- in turn, are growers for us. But the U.S. and Europe remain slow to down, and that's a big portion of our sales.
Christine A. Tsingos: No, I think that $20 million to $25 million is still the best estimate. It's uncertain to us how the business unfolds throughout the year. I think that's still the right estimate.
Christine A. Tsingos: So we're not -- we don't disclose those sales anymore that -- I'll let Brad give some colored commentary on the business, but the business was up year-over-year double-digits. But now that we've rounded the corner and considered organic, we're not going to disclose the specific numbers.
Christine A. Tsingos: And Brandon, the $15 million to $20 billion, I assume you were talking about the incremental spend on those -- the projects this year versus last year, not the total spend.
Christine A. Tsingos: So let me go over them again because the $8 million is total amortization that hits COGS. The incremental piece is $1.2 million. And so that -- the $8 million, most of that has been hanging around for some time. I think in terms of this quarter, we did talk about...
Christine A. Tsingos: Well, the med device tax was about $1.2 million, $1.5 million, around there. The increase in legal contingency reserves was over $4 million. There was a $3 million noncash charges related to our bad debt allowance, as well as some severance for some rightsizing we're doing in Europe.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes. That one was SG&A. The rest of these are primarily cost of goods. And then when we talked about -- about $5 million is kind of what we can identify related to product mix and pricing pressure changes during the quarter. So $5 million headwind to cost of goods or gross margin related to product mix and pricing pressure. $4 million related to some legal contingency reserve increases, $1.2 million purchase accounting in cost of goods. The obsolescence of about $2.5 million and the med device tax of $1.2 million. Those are kind of the categories we called out for headwinds to the gross margin. And then on the operating margin side, the $3 million onetime expense related to the bad debt allowance and a reduction in force is one of the biggest items. And then, of course, we have incremental spend related to ERP and IT of about $4 million, but I wouldn't call that onetime.
Christine A. Tsingos: Right. And so that -- so in SG&A -- no, that's total. So the incremental was a few hundred thousand.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay. So I think you're probably right. I mean, hopefully, the $10 million to $12 million of unusual items but I can't predict it in terms of what the future holds. But there's just a lot of little things that kind of all came together on that. In terms of the changing of the European organization, it is something that we've contemplated from the beginning of the year, knowing that Europe was a bit of a headwind for us and a challenge. I think that the market has become even more challenging in the first quarter and the timing has become more compelling.
Christine A. Tsingos: So I think there's always a number of legal issues that we're looking at, and hoping they resolve. And I think we thought it was appropriate for us to put some reserves relating to specific events and issues on the books right now. And I guess they could increase until final resolution, but these situations are very fluid.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes. Now a good question, and it's something that -- this is something you look at every quarter based on your business. In this particular case, it relates to a change in a distribution model that we've undertaken. And again, I think it's the appropriate thing for us to do on -- from an accounting standpoint.
Christine A. Tsingos: It certainly is a headwind to the top line and impacted their growth. On the expenditure side, it actually can be a benefit. So from the standpoint of sourcing products in Japan, it didn't hurt.
Christine A. Tsingos: Sure. So our -- obviously, this quarterly result operating margin is a confluence of what happens on the top line and the gross margin and several of these onetime expenses that we've talked about. But even with this quarter notwithstanding, we have moved our operating margins from the 14% -- the 15% range, now down to the 10%, 11% range really as part of our targeted investment in new systems, primarily a new ERP system, but we're also investing in other technologies for the business. In addition to that, we've taken on several acquisitions, which are pretty significantly dilutive in the short term, both from the business operation standpoint and from the amortization of intangible standpoint. So if you look over the last 2 or 3 years, the combination of these targeted acquisitions and these targeted internal investments have moved the operating margin down to this 10%, 11% range. Obviously, these investments are done with the future in mind. And as we do our acquisitions, it's very much on a cash flow basis and we look for that return. And the same is true as we invest in new systems. And our goal is as we put these investments kind of behind us, we'll be able to move our operating margin back up at least to the mid-teens, if not something better. And I guess, David, the last thing I would say to your comment of comparing it to our peers, I'd ask that you keep in mind that we are still GAAP reporters. And so our margin come fully loaded with everything and the kitchen sink. And sometimes, when you make that comparison, people are using adjusted numbers. And so I would encourage you to kind of go to a GAAP to GAAP analysis as well.
Christine A. Tsingos: So great question. I think our ERP project is a pretty lengthy one, again with a very deliberate investment and a deliberate global rollout. Best guess that I can give you right now in terms of us seeing -- a good improvement from that investment is probably not until the 2016 time frame. In the meantime, we hope that the business and some of these acquisitions that we just spoke of on the QuantaLife side, on the Serotec side, continuing growth in blood typing, all of those will begin to contribute even more or at all to profitability certainly before that 2016 time frame. And for now, it's a matter of top line scale versus the investments that's required to launch into the markets around the world.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: This is Brad. I'll take this from the Life Science perspective. Certainly, the first quarter, we saw most grants put on hold until they could decide how to deal with that. We have seen in April that the grants are being released, and we're seeing that in terms of customer spending. So that is somewhat optimistic. But nobody believes that this is going to be a short-term thing. This is something that we'll probably go through 2014 as far as somewhat across the board, 6% to 8% cut. But at least now the money is flowing back into the system.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Yes. Just the prospects. Certainly, as Christine said, they were -- there was growth, obviously, in the first quarter, certainly impacted overall by the slowness in some of the grants being released. But the demand and the acceptance of this technology is still very, very strong and is a big part of our future plans in both growing and where we invest in the business.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Yes. Well, Serotec is -- again, it's a great opportunity for us in terms of accessing the content specifically. And we -- the other acquisition was the Propel or the cell sorter, and that was a product line that we acquired that was essentially in a final prototype. Since acquisition, we've actually brought that into our manufacturing facility and released it effectively right at the end of the quarter. We basically had one placement. But we have obviously now to look forward to begin to place that. So the combination of the content that we can place on the cell sorting instrument, the content that can go on our own platform, that's what AbD Serotec really brings to us. And our experience early on is some really nice content, including a very nice technology to make rapid -- antibodies very rapidly for difficult targets. And so we're -- this so-called HuCAL technologies, that's proving to be very interesting for us.
