Andy Last: All right. Thank you, Ilan. I just like to take a few minutes to review our current state of operations around the world. As an opening comment, I would like to recognize the tremendous contributions and flexibility of our employees around the world during 2020, and their response to the shifting needs of operating in a pandemic have been truly exemplary. So at the onset of the pandemic, we set ourselves three key areas of focus to manage through this challenging period, which we continue with into 2021. As a quick reminder, these are the ongoing safety of our employees, continuing manufacturing operations to ensure product supply and support of our customers, and making sure we continue to make progress on our core strategies. As we closed out 2020 and entered into 2021, we’ve now achieved a steady state for operating in the pandemic reflecting employee safety, work from home, and adoption of company and local policy and practices. Overall, we have experienced minimal internal transmission of COVID across the company, and where we have suspected cases have found the internal testing of employees in the U.S. using our Droplet Digital PCR platform to be very valuable in maximizing productivity. As we enter 2021, we are well positioned to meet market and customer demands driven by the pandemic and our manufacturing sites and R&D is operating effectively. In addition, our commercial organization has deployed digital tools where appropriate to minimize onsite visits to only the essentials required to keep customers up and running on our platform. So with that brief overview, I will pass it back to Ilan. Thank you.
Andy Last: I don't have anything material to add to that. I mean, we're working on other things as well, of course, continually, but it is a major and material restructuring.
Andy Last: Yes. I think you should be roughly in that range. As I said, our upside was driven predominantly by the instrument placements. And so, we would be recognized, we went into molecular diagnostics segment, this is coming late and we've got well-reasoned aspiration on those products.
Andy Last: I mean, it's predominantly still life science based. If there's any pick up on, we've got the serology test on the diagnostic side is very, very small. We've got some antigen based sales, but they'll get reported in clinical if they become material contributors.
Norman Schwartz: Okay, great. Thanks, Ilan. I don't really have a lot to add. I do think companies would say that that 2020 is certainly one for the history books. As I think back on the year and I think as Andy alluded to in the beginning, it was certainly an all out effort this last year to manage a myriad of challenges and not to lose sight of where we're headed in the longer term. I think as well, as Ilan, pointed out, the COVID-related revenues are expected to moderate in 2021. But I do feel that there is still a big question of when the pandemic will come under control. So in the meantime, we'll continue to work on our core initiatives to allow us to make progress over the next few years and certainly we appreciate your continued interest in Bio-Rad. So thank you.
Norman Schwartz: Yes, Brandon, I'll try and put a bit more color around that. So yes, obviously, a big step back on the COVID sales anticipated as we indicated, but core clinical diagnostics continuing the recovery trend that Dara talked about, but not until second half after we get back to full normal consumption in our view. The first half has still got some COVID effects, we're guided to roughly half of last year for COVID sales, and we expect the majority of that to be in the first half of the year. Below that, recovery in the core research, life science research products, and on a good recovery in the clinical diagnostics franchise as the year progresses.
Norman Schwartz: Thanks Annette. And I'd say, Brandon thinking about the numbers, we've baked in a modest contribution within our COVID-related sales, since we now relate. Our strategy is generally second source to the installed base. And so, it's a modest contribution as we look at our year.
Norman Schwartz: So, we certainly haven't at the Board level, talked about a tax-free spin. As we said in the past, we continued to see that as a long-term investment, and I think we've got seven or eight years to go on the trust. Obviously, they continue to do very well. And so, that's kind of where we are today. As you know, we've always considered to be a strategic investment. But obviously, if something more strategic comes along, there is the possibility to liquidate that position.
Norman Schwartz: Yes. So I think like many of our peers, we do continue to look for those products and technologies to add to our portfolio. I think as you know and we've said more recently, we're especially interested in the idea of doing something larger and maybe even transformational. But of course, as these larger transformational opportunities are few and far between, but we continue to pursue the opportunities that come our way.
Ilan Daskal: I will start and Andy probably will chime in, Dan, thanks for the question. Generally speaking, Dan, it's part of our three years trajectory that we have communicated back in December. This restructuring will go through the end of next year, so it's a two years initiative to complete it. And basically, everything is kind of baked in, in all the three years kind of projections that we provided in order to achieve our 2023 goals. It's not necessarily a one big bang. I mean, there are different phases to this plan. And, again, it would take throughout the next two years. Andy, I don't know, if you have…
Ilan Daskal: And Brandon, regarding the question about the investment, we continue to work to resolve it, and as we mentioned in the last quarter, it probably will take a few more quarters for us to resolve this item.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Thank you, Patrick. Generally speaking, you're right. I mean, we took into account or what we project and what we believe that the second half of the year will kind of normalize. And we will see the gradual improvement in diagnostics and the tailwind from, the COVID related sales will start to tail-off. So, the way that if you think about kind of calendarizing, the first half in our projection, we would benefit way more from the COVID-related to the second half that's the way we think about it. And we'll have to see how everything will shape up. But hopefully, the vaccines et cetera, the second half will normalize.
Ilan Daskal: Yes, you're absolutely right. So we don't anticipate to book anything additional, so long the litigation is still on.
Ilan Daskal: Yes, it's a great question, Brandon. It was probably about 2% for 2020, so when you think about 2021, I mean, with the projection that the dollar will continue to weaken. So obviously, it does contribute to the top line. There is, obviously some, negative impact on the operating expenses, as well as on the manufacturing. I mean net-net, there is still some fall through but, I don't have here kind of specific number to call out. But for sure, on the top-line, it is a contributor.
Ilan Daskal: We do plan to host it sometime later this year. Yes, and we have to kind of find the right timing. I mean, hopefully, again, with vaccines everything will normalize, so that would be a great opportunity.
Ilan Daskal: Thank you. Okay. So we appreciate you joining the call today and your interest in Bio-Rad and we look forward to connecting soon. Thank you, everyone.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. We spent a lot of the year scaling manufacturers to meet demand both for our platforms in other reagents and consumables. And I think we're in a pretty good place right now to meet customer demand across all of our PCR products, so that's good news for us and our customers. We have been selling qPCR products for well over a decade, and there are thousands and thousands and thousands of products out there and we certainly sold an awful lot this year, Brandon. So, we're going to be as you might imagine, making sure we approach those customers with our new test options, certainly as they may need to scale or have a need for reliable second sources.
Annette Tumolo: That's a great question. So you probably know that we talked about strong double-digit growth pretty much at every earnings release from that product area, and we continue to anticipate that in the future. The research market is still growing strongly. The biopharma, discovery, and production markets are growing strongly, and we certainly, you can imagine that, are investing quite significantly, I think in moving into diagnostics with our partitioning platforms. So, I think, stay tuned for what's to come there.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. This is brand new market, obviously, and kind of rapidly developing and emerging. I think that our best estimates are probably somewhere up to $200 million, over the next several years -- four to five years. We're looking closely at it right now, most of the demand is North American U.S.-based, but we are certainly working outside the U.S. to try and get attention to the utility of that kind of surveillance. We're about to launch an application kit that will support the surveillance and we'll add variants to that as we can. So, we're taking a good run at making sure that we can supply the market with products that will help.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. Well, certainly, all of the vaccine developers are already our customers in this area. We this is a business that whilst there are some fluctuations quarter-over-quarter overall has been delivering strong double-digit growth. And primarily, it's because of the markets that we address with these products, the biologic drug development and now, vaccine development and production. So, I can't say that that the result was primarily because of uptake from vaccine manufacturers, although we're there in all those accounts. The business is strong and growing.
Annette Tumolo: I was just going to say, we really, we still have open litigation and we don't really discuss that in advance, but perhaps Ilan has something to add about how we're going to treat it.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. It's still early, we haven't even had a year yet post acquisition. And certainly, it was an unusual time to acquire a startup. We are investing, I think significantly in that area in our Celsee acquisition. And our goal is to put compelling tools for single cell analysis that really provide best-in-class biological insights. And we think, towards the latter part of this year, you're going to start seeing some of those products, roll out the door.
Annette Tumolo: Brandon most of it was associated with our qPCR products. Certainly, there was some upside from wastewater in Q4, but mostly we were getting kind of organic growth out of the Droplet Digital PCR business. And by the fourth quarter, we had really completed scale up of all of our manufacturing for the platforms, so that helps a lot.
