Andy Last: Okay. Thank you very much, Ilan. And I'd like to start by taking a few minutes to review our current state of operations around the world. Before I begin, I'd like to recognize our employees around the world who continue to make extraordinary efforts to serve our customers under the current circumstances. So thank you to all of our employees for your dedication and continued commitment to the company. Your efforts are truly appreciated. So since the beginning of the pandemic, we have been focused on three key areas to manage through this challenging period: the ongoing safety of our employees; continuing manufacturing operations to ensure product supply and support of our customers; and making sure we continue to make progress on our core strategies. On employee safety, we have worked hard to put measures in place to guard the well-being and safety of our employees. Early on, we implemented work-from-home globally for all employees who are not essential to maintaining ongoing production and core R&D. And we continue to have this policy in place in the US. In Asia, return back to the workplace resumed relatively faster than the rest of our regions, and we are now starting to see resumption in Europe as well. We have requirements in place for social distancing, wearing of masks, temperature checks, contact tracing and, of course, remote working from home depending on the region. All of these measures have served to minimize the number of cases we have experienced throughout Bio-Rad. Our manufacturing operations team have also responded extremely well. Early on in the pandemic, we experienced some supply chain disruptions as we ramped up production to meet the increased demand of mainly our PCR instruments, but reagents, too. Today, we are in a more appropriately scaled position to meet demand, and we have room to continue expanding production should the need arise. Lastly, with much time and energy were spent initially to manage through the impacts of the global pandemic, we have adjusted extremely well to the new working environments and believe that we have executed well given the situation. We continue to work on our core initiatives and strategies and look forward to sharing more details later this year. So with that overview, I'd like to pass it back to Ilan. Thank you.
Andy Last: Yes. So we've got a ddPCR EUA that was approved. And I'll allow Annette – I'll pass to Annette to answer the question on the qPCR question.
Andy Last: Sure. I can take that. So we expect to continue to see a gradual increase in opening as we go through Q3. We're not expecting any sudden changes in pace, to be fair. We saw a gradual opening through Q2, picking up in the second half a bit. And we're thinking the same as we go through Q3.
Andy Last: Hi, Jack. Yeah. This is Andy. The majority came through the Life Science PCR and Digital PCR side of the business. Contribution from serology was very modest. We launched our product late in the quarter, and so it was a very modest contribution.
Andy Last: Yes. I think when we look at that question, I think we feel our business is kind of down in line with the majority of the other reported – reports for Q2 in the kind of high-teens percentage. We don't see our core Life Science being down over 20%.
Andy Last: Yeah. I didn't – I think we felt quite comfortable with where we were given the market conditions as we netted it out, so nothing new.
Dan Leonard: Thank you. So a question on the COVID surge demand in the quarter. How much of that 71 million was equipment-related versus consumables? And do you have any efforts to perhaps be more directly involved in testing? So there must be 100 qPCR tests out there, but I don't think Bio-Rad has one yet and so curious for your thoughts on that.
Dan Leonard: Yeah. The second part was, do you have any aspirations to be more directly involved in the testing effort? I mean I noticed you don't have your own qPCR test, and I'm uncertain if you have plans to develop one or otherwise.
Dan Leonard: Okay, thank you. And my follow-up question, what are your expectations on the pace of academic, government and market demand into Q3? It seems you're over-indexed there in Life Sciences, and it seems like that's an important variable in the Q3 outlook. Thank you.
Annette Tumolo: Okay. Thanks, Andy. Yeah, as Andy said, we have quite a large footprint in instruments, but we did see dramatic increase in demand for our reagents and our plastic consumables that go along with it. We chose to put a Droplet Digital PCR COVID test kit out first, and we are always evaluating whether putting a qPCR test out would make sense for us. I mean, it may, and that's something that we could always choose to do.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. I think the general answer that – to your question is, yes, that's likely what's happening. We've been experiencing good growth with this platform for quite a long time, and we continue to see it. We had not focused the technology on infectious disease. And I think what has emerged is how it can be quite useful in this area in virology, in particular. So I think we'll have kind of a lasting effect there. And certainly, we've already been present in wastewater monitoring for wastewater that's being reused, they monitor for pathogens. They're using the platform because it's highly sensitive and very precise. It's being used by governmental agencies for environmental monitoring, public safety, for swimming areas. So I think we're seeing an uptick there, people getting in – monitoring for those reasons are now saying, gee, maybe we should be looking to monitor for SARS. So I think we're going to get some lasting kind of customers in that area as well.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. I can take that. So at the beginning of this pandemic, we experienced, as did many others, a real upswing in demand, and we spent several months in the end of the first quarter and into the second quarter, scaling our manufacturer to meet demand across our platform, our reagent and our plastics consumables lines. I think we're in a good place now to meet demand and to scale further if we have to. We do have to watch out for supply chain constraints as our – other life science companies do as well. But I think moving into the third quarter and through the end of the year, we've gotten ourselves into a good position to meet demand.
Annette Tumolo: Sure. Well, fortunately, it's proceeding quite well. And the primary segment where we focused this product was biopharma and to a large extent in the QC and manufacturing parts in the cell and gene therapy markets. And we have many customers who adopted our QX200 for that application, and we see some of those customers adding QX ONE to their repertoire. We see some of those customers looking towards, gee, I like the QX ONE, maybe I'll convert to QX ONEs. But we're pleased with the progress that the product introduction has made.
Ilan Daskal: Yeah. Thank you, Patrick. I appreciate the question. So yes, this quarter, we had, obviously, a better gross margin due to the better mix. As well as some benefit from the inventory buildup that started post Q4 of 2019. Generally speaking, when I think about the full year, I don't think that there will be a big impact on the full year gross margin. We plan to take the utilization a little bit lower in the second half since we have built up some inventory this quarter. And also it depends on the mix that we'll experience in the second half, but assuming that we'll have a gradual continued recovery out there. It will have a balancing kind of effect on the overall kind of mix and the benefit on the gross margin going into the second half.
Ilan Daskal: And the way we think about it, Jack, also thinking about the second half, obviously, part of our guidance for the third quarter and is a continued gradual recovery, and that goes back to a more normalized kind of mix throughout the portfolio.
Ilan Daskal: Yeah. I would add also, Jack, in terms of the overall capital allocation. I mean, it's a similar strategy that we have been discussing in the past year. We have continued interest with the strategy of those smaller tuck-in acquisitions, which we continue to pursue as well as with a much higher appetite for entertaining a larger transaction. And that's obviously – will be more opportunistic. I mean, you need to wait for those to become available. And again that will be complimented by the share buyback, which the Board now authorized to increase the plan.
Ilan Daskal: Yeah. Thank you, Brandon. I think to your first question, I think it's a little bit premature to assess how Q4 is going to shape up. We can tell you, based on the last several months that a lot is happening every few weeks. So I don't know that the general seasonality that we experience every year will be similar this year. Thinking about the operating expenses, so most of the savings specifically this quarter are going to come back at some point, I mean, and it will take a few quarters. With that said, I can tell you that, obviously, that we will have to revisit kind of how do we spend the discretionary expenses, and how do we manage potentially with less travel, et cetera. So if I have to kind of categorize it, most of it is still associated with discretionary, specifically this quarter. Some of it is associated with our long-term initiatives to reduce our operating expenses. And as you can see also on the R&D side, we continue to invest on a dollar basis actually, it was slightly higher. We do not have any intention to reduce our R&D investment.
Ilan Daskal: Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for joining our call today and we look forward to connecting with you in the near future.
