Christine Tsingos: I can. So incremental, I assume, versus last year at this time, and what increase versus last year at this time is taking on the depreciation as well as the other support cost of the deployment that went live in April 2013 and that increment is about $3 million. In terms of the ERP project spend, it's flattish year-over-year and remember last year at this time, it was right before we were going live. I think that as the year goes on, you will see that increase in ERP spend year-over-year start to materialize.
Christine Tsingos: Because when we talked about deal related and the $8.3 million in cost of goods and $2.1 million in SG&A that are related to prior acquisition and then you want me to break it out. I am looking through my cash flow statement. Amortization from depreciation, because I did mention in the script that the total depreciation and amortization was $36.7 million for the quarter. Okay, so it breaks out $25 million is depreciation and amortization is about $12 million.
Christine Tsingos: Yes, I think I will say that the developed world, North America, Western Europe, Japan, the growth is high single-digits.
Christine Tsingos: I think that's especially true for the Life Science segment. We have really chartered along with the rest of the industry and some of the discretionary spending in Western Europe and it's tough to eek out any kind of growth there and at least for the first quarter in our Life Science segment, they saw double-digit growth in Europe. Now some of that may be an easy compare but some of that is the spending coming back.
Christine Tsingos: Unfortunately, offsetting that, our diagnostic business in Europe actually declined year-over-year on a currency neutral basis, and that goes back to what John was talking about a minute ago in terms of the really heavy competition we are facing in the tenders and pricing pressure that's not only coming from the competition but, frankly being put on by these government entities at the beginning of the tenders. So some of that offset each other a little bit but all-in-all, I think there is some signs of improvement in Europe.
Christine Tsingos: Okay. Well, as always, everyone, thank you so much for taking the time to join us and we look forward to seeing you soon. Bye, bye.
Norman Schwartz: Actually we are working on that. we have completed one piece of that puzzle and there are a few further rationalization planned, as I think we talked about before, especially in Europe manufacturing. Also doing some work around streamlining our logistics footprint and we are continuing along that process. In terms of the M&A pipeline. Obviously, we just completed this GnuBIO acquisition. That will keep us busy for a little while. There always is few things in the pipeline but nothing I would say significant at the moment.
Norman Schwartz: Yes. It's really hard to put numbers around it. Obviously there was bad weather in the first part of the year in the U.S. Probably the government was shutdown for a few days. What the total effect was, we really haven't quantified.
Norman Schwartz: I guess we feel it, at least I feel little a more optimistic that the last two years there have been a number of things, especially with the meltdown in the Spain, in Greece and those kind to things but that all seems to be stabilized. It's just slow going.
