Andrew Last: Right. Many thanks, Ilan. So as an opening comment, I would like to once again recognize the tremendous contributions, resilience and responsiveness of all of our employees around the world as we closed out a second challenging year of the pandemic. As we enter 2021, we continue to maintain our focus on the 3 key areas we previously highlighted. The ongoing safety of our employees, continuing manufacturing operations to ensure product supply and support of our customers; and making sure we continue to advance our core strategies. During Q4, we continued to experience solid recovery in most of our key global markets as well as an uptick in demand for COVID-related products driven by the explosive spread of the new Omicron variant. As indicated in Q3, we also experienced a growing increase in supply chain challenges driven by the inconsistency of supply for key components, particularly electronic components and plastics. We also saw some logistics challenges at year-end. The organization responded well to this situation, although it did result in an inability to fulfill all our orders in Q4. In addition, for the first time, we saw a greater impact to Omicron on our workforce, although we believe our mandatory vaccination program in the United States helped us to avoid the worst of this situation.  Overall, despite these challenges, we finished the year strongly and are very encouraged by the progress and growth we delivered in 2021. And as we enter 2022, we continue to spend considerable effort on sourcing components and balancing our efforts to meet growing customer demand and expect that this situation will persist through Q1 and well into Q2.  As a result of the COVID-19 Omicron variant, we also extended our work-from-home policy until March 15, at which point we will reassess the situation. While we experienced an uptick in demand for our COVID products in Q4 as Omicron spread, we still expect COVID-related demand for our products to be sequentially lower in 2022. We see that the majority of our end markets are well served and testing capacity -- with testing capacity. However, the nature of the COVID pandemic may well generate pockets of unexpected demand as hotspots of disease break out across our global markets. Broadly, our end markets have now adapted well to operating in the pandemic environment, and core product demand is generally recovered to close to normal levels. So thank you for your attention, and I'll pass it back to Ilan.
Andrew Last: So Brandon, actually, this is Andy. Yes, I think the guidance reflects basically the execution of the core strategies that we've been pursuing for the Life Science business, the growth drivers in biopharma, the ongoing growth in our digital PCR business, process Chrome, et cetera. So it's -- certainly, it's an improvement in growth rate. As to the component supply, so we're seeing a challenge in -- certainly in the first quarter, and we see that extending a bit into the second quarter. But we do see line of sight to the end of those supply constraints. And all being well, we'll see a good acceleration in the second half. So I would say -- the performance is driven by the execution of our core strategies, which are playing out nicely in our various end markets.
Andrew Last: Yes. We're certainly looking to take pricing through where we can, but it's largely an offset to basically cost inflation, raw material inflation that we're experiencing. So, I think pretty much consistent with the rest of the industry right now, which is on the Life Science side. We do see opportunity to essentially offset the cost drivers that are coming at us to with some price improvement.
Andrew Last: Yes. So, the supply constraints for the first part of your question, there is a little bit of randomness to it. We have a very large portfolio, as you know, and they're mostly electronic components of different forms. It can be as simple as a power supply, but a lot of it is chip related, which is a broad global problem right now. And it's just very inconsistent and you believe you're going to get a certain component, and then it doesn't arrive. And you have to scramble. So, it's very challenging. The organization is doing extremely well to cope with it. As we look into Q1 and through Q1 to Q2, we do feel we're kind of in the thick of it, and then we see Q2 will be kind of supply catching up with demand. And that's our current line of sight. We're generally getting signs that the component supply will come back, more completely in Q2. So that's why we're guiding second half. And it is a major acceleration. The big challenge, of course, is to retain the orders through that period. And in some parts of the portfolio, we can definitely do that. In other areas, it's much harder. And we've considered that in our guidance.
Andrew Last: Yes. Look, we remain very, very confident about the growth potential of digital -- Droplet Digital PCR had another good year. Another good year is anticipated in our guidance, strong double digit. And I would say our strategy and focus areas remain consistent, strong biopharma performance and just general end market adoption as they better and better understand the value proposition of high sensitivity, but easy-to-use digital PCR. So, there's nothing to suggest a slowdown in our view right now.
Andrew Last: Yes. We'll elaborate more and talk maybe a bit more about the product portfolio that we're working on for the future.
Andrew Last: Well, I think we're fine-tuning that set of numbers. So however, I think to communicate some numbers now that we end up changing are -- as we make sure they're fully an accurate set. But stay tuned, yes.
Andrew Last: I think our outlook in China is consistent with recent history. We're largely underpenetrated in China. So where -- so for us, we see China, in particular, and the whole Asia Pac region as an upside opportunity as we penetrate those markets and in particular, biopharma. And we're investing in the region. So we're investing in our channels. So for us, it's a growth driver.
Andrew Last: So it was predominantly on the Life Science side. I would say very largely on the Life Science side of the business, small impact on the clinical side. And we don't see it coming back in one bolus, it's going to be spread towards the latter part of Q2 and into the second half of the year.
Ilan Daskal: And Brandon, I will highlight what I mentioned earlier that in the first half, we anticipate that the year-over-year growth is going to be lower than the back half of the year. I mean that's exactly what drives us kind of to guide that way.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. That's a fair assessment, Brandon, low single in the first half and then accelerating in the second half. Overall in the midpoint for the full year, it's above 9%.
Ilan Daskal: So yes, it's a great question, Brandon. We did not break down specifically the COVID-related kind of impact on the bottom line. However, the guidance does bake in the virus initiatives that we started last year, we do plan to have some realization of the benefits in the back half of this year. So that's definitely a contributor. The mix this year and the fall-through from a higher top line and higher utilization that we expect in the manufacturing footprint are also a contributor to the overall gross margin. On the other hand, on the operating expenses, we do plan on incremental discretionary costs, we return to the office. And increased employee-related costs. So that's the overall dynamic. But I think I'll capture kind of for you most of the kind of levers that led us to the guidance.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. So Patrick, obviously, we were and still are in a quiet period, so we were not able to trade, but we'll definitely continue to be opportunistic. We have about $223 million in our plan, and we will find the right timing to step in. As similar to the past, if -- we won't hesitate to be a receiving case, we find those opportunities.
Ilan Daskal: In terms of the -- it's probably a combination of top line growth mix that we do benefit from the overall mix fall through to the gross margin. And the various initiatives, I mean the restructuring that we communicated early last year, there are additional initiatives that are ongoing in our kind of operations in other areas. So it's probably throughout kind of the different line items of the P&L that gets us there.
Ilan Daskal: So then we do plan to provide an update on that in the Investor Day. I mean we're going to elaborate and you'll see the analysis there. I don't know, Andy, today you...
Ilan Daskal: Sure. So Jack, we hold 2 different shares. You have the ordinary shares of Sartorius and the preference shares. They're also traded separately and they carry different values every day. And so we have 2 different stakes and probably that's for the difference that you see.
Ilan Daskal: We generally don't guide by quarter, but our current assumption is about -- because we didn't know about the dividend that they're going to announce. So our assumption was a flat dividend from last year. So we will have to bake in, if there is any difference there.
