Norman D. Schwartz: I think primarily Europe. I think that's the region that we've talked about the most. And I think a little bit on the Life Science side in the third quarter, again, having to do with the anticipation of potentially -cuts in the fourth quarter or cuts next year and with sequestration, if that happens. So I think that's primarily where it comes from.
Norman D. Schwartz: I think your third question had to do something with emerging markets, and why I didn't call that out is something special in terms of the...
Norman D. Schwartz: But relative to our kind of our original thoughts and relative to our original plans for the year, I think the emerging markets are kind of more on plan than the European market.
Norman D. Schwartz: Yes. Obviously, it's hard to say. They've been on a -- quite a roll, and obviously, they've got quite a big export market. And so it makes sense that when the rest of the world slows down a little bit, they might slow down as well. But I guess I'd continue to think that this is going to be a good, strong market. They are investing very heavily both in Life Science and certainly in establishing a healthcare system. And so we continue to look for a lot of good growth to come out of there. And I guess the other question you had was something about the theme of acquisition.
Norman D. Schwartz: Yes. I don't know. It I think it may be a little bit of luck of the draw. We've been a little more successful recently in some of these. I mean, it's the same theme for us. It's trying to expand on our base and acquire things that are complementary. These are obviously typically base hits, and that seems to work well for us.
Norman D. Schwartz: Well, okay. So the first question is whether you really think it's going to happen. I guess I have a hard time believing it's really going to happen. But if it does and you think about the percent of our sales that come from NIH relative to our total business, it's a relatively small percentage. So what do we have to do to adjust? We might have to make some minor course corrections and have a little bit different focus in terms of what we do. But I don't think it will be major.
Norman D. Schwartz: So I've got one anecdote for you, and this is someone here in the Bay Area, who's been a longtime venture capitalist. And talking with her recently, she said that it's impossible to get funding for, in her case, it's medical device companies, and she pointed out that it's both Sarbanes-Oxley and the regulatory environment that cause investors to be very -- to not want to put their money in these kinds of investments. So that's just one anecdote that says that yes, it's harder for a small company these days to get, first of all, funding to get started and then, of course, to finance them out. So I guess you could infer from that, that maybe there would be some more opportunities for us. As you can see, recently, we've picked up a couple of things that have been what I call earlier stage. So it's potentially an opportunity.
Jon Davis Wood: Understood. And if Brad's there, I would love any detail you guys are willing to talk about on the cell sorting system in terms of revenue contribution over the next 12 months or so as you get that ramped up. I would love to hear an update there.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay. But just on the cost side is $3.5 million to $4 million, and that's not -- is that kind of net of revenue, Christine, or...
Jon Davis Wood: Okay, so I'm looking for John. I mean, I understand overall Norman's comments on Europe. But if I look at the diagnostics markets in Europe, I would love to hear from John if we've seen sort of a flattening out there, is it still getting worse. And just give us a kind of a state of the union in terms of what's different from the second quarter.
Jon Davis Wood: Okay, great. And then QuantaLife actually did quite a bit better in the third quarter. So Brad, would you expect kind of that upward trajectory to continue in the fourth? And Christine, I'd love to get an update from you on the kind of operating burn there for the quarter and year.
Christine A. Tsingos: So, Jon, as far as the revenue contribution, we're going through our budgeting process right now, and we'll have a little more clarity on that when we talk about our 2013 outlook on the February call. Brad can certainly speak to why it's a compelling offering, but I don't think we're ready to talk numbers yet.
Christine A. Tsingos: No, that was more to imply the fourth quarter, right, and -- where there are no sales because we don't plan to start selling it until the beginning of next year. And that $3 million, $4 million includes about $800,000, $900,000 a quarter for amortization.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay. So I'll start with your first question, Jeff, and we really didn't talk anything about goodwill. When we were talking about the tax rate and why it was lower than expected this quarter, there's 2 primary drivers. One is the reduction in the contingent consideration for QuantaLife of $8.5 million, which is not considered income for tax purposes, so that brought the rate down. And the other is just the normal expiration of the statute of limitations that has to do with audit years. And under the accounting rules, under FIN 48, you take certain reserves as the years remain open. And then as they close, then the reserves are released. And so it seems like every year at this time, in this quarter, there's some amount of reserves that we end up releasing. The next question was about price competition in Life Science.
Christine A. Tsingos: And that's kind of why we landed on this, what's our growth rate year-to-date, and I'm not sure it'd be much different.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes. So for the quarter, incrementally, the expense is probably up $2-plus million, $2 million to $3 million versus just last year and even up sequentially. In terms of full year, total OpEx spend on this is in that $25 million-ish range.
Christine A. Tsingos: So regarding the financial impact, Jon, I think at the beginning of the year, we talked about QuantaLife would have a negative impact on the operating line of about $25 million, and we estimated that maybe $10 million of that is amortization, $15 million is operating. And obviously, as we move through the year and the sales start to grow, that the loss is more heavily weighted the first half of the year than the second of the year. But we're obviously still upside down. And again, moving into next year, when we finish our budgeting process, hopefully, that will show that QuantaLife becomes operating-neutral and then starts to really move forward. And obviously, this conversation excludes the onetime noncash bring-back of the purchase consideration, which could go the other way next year. But in terms of impact to the 2012 outlook, that $25 million seems to be pretty much in line, excluding the onetime reversal, with what we're going to achieve, what we're going to experience here in 2012.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes. That's a good question. So when we laid out our guidance at the beginning of the year, a full percentage point of the growth was related to the QuantaLife products. And I think we talked about it being $20 million was our estimate. And we may be in that ballpark, perhaps just shy. We'll see how Q4 unfolds. So it could be just shy of that for the full year, but we'll see. But the fact of the matter is that the pipeline is very strong, and we remain so encouraged by the prospects for this product. It's just the sales cycle is a little longer than we originally anticipated when we laid out our plans and our guidance. So even -- '12 could come slightly shy of the original $20 million, but the momentum is pretty strong.
Christine A. Tsingos: So organic growth, currency-neutral growth for Life Science was 2.2%, but much of that was driven by QuantaLife. So if you strip out currency and you strip out QuantaLife, Life Science declined 1% for the quarter. And then Diagnostics, organic currency-neutral growth was 4.5%.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay, great. Well, thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join us today, and we look forward to seeing you soon. Bye-bye.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Sure. I think there's 2 issues with price competition. Certainly, with the market slowing in the U.S., a lot of competitors are looking at the attachment rate of reagents and are willing to sort of forgo or drastically reduce their price in order to get the sale with the sort of ongoing revenue coming from reagents. We've seen a lot more of that. Certainly, the budgets have been tight in U.S. And as Norman mentioned, even the threat of sequestration, while it's not even scheduled to happen until next year, it's a cause of level of people being conservative. There's another factor which is impacting margins in the case of base thermal cyclers, which is a considerably big product line for us. We've shifted from some higher-priced models to some lower-priced models. So overall, we're seeing an increase in our unit volume and our market share through selling lower-priced models. So those are probably the 2 things that were most in play there.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Well, that's a good question. I wish I can know exactly that. I think really, it's a short-term view. I think that in the end, right now, the markets are slow enough. Most of our competitors, most people look at the market at sort of a mid to low single digits. And when you're at that level, people are fighting for every sale and placements. People have instrument manufacturing facilities to run, and so they're willing to accept lower gross margins on the front end of the sale with the prospect of getting the reagent attachment. Now as you know, most of these platforms are open, so there's nothing that you could certainly guarantee, like in a diagnostics sales. But it remains to be seen how that ultimately plays out. But for right now, it's kind of our new reality.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: All right, Jon, this is Brad. Yes, we certainly do see a ramp-up of this product line. And quite candidly, it took a little bit longer than we originally thought. Certainly, the budget restrictions made it a little bit harder for people to get a discretionary sort of $80,000, $90,000. We see a real strong take-up in the U.S. market, and our projections are that's going to continue. What's very exciting about this product is we're now seeing a lot of publications come out, and as we expected, our customers are doing great things with this instrument, so it's even greater than we appreciate it. So we're quite happy about it.
John Goetz: This is John Goetz. I'll take that. Yes, that agreement is -- that we announced is largely around our immunohematology product line that we offer here in the United States. So that just mainly is our Biotest acquisition product line. And at the moment, our DiaMed product line is not offered in the U.S.
John Goetz: Yes. We're still continuing to forge ahead with our Biotest product line. We are preparing ourselves for products to be introduced in the United States, but I don't have a timeline I can give you.
John Goetz: Well, I would say from a diagnostic point of view, the emerging markets are a good, bright spot for us. We’ve recognized some pretty decent growth and kind of how we define that region. We have products across our product line going in there and being placed. So at least I think I would say that's probably one of the things that balances out our company. We do have opportunities in diagnostics that we're taking well advantage out there.
John Goetz: Yes. On the European side, it's slow for us. We continue to slug it out with increasing competition and price pressure there. It's a tough market.
John Goetz: Yes. Well, I'd say it's uncertain, but I certainly don't see a precipitous cliff here. We see the same competitors. We see the same pricing questions. It's just highly competitive. That's what it is.
John Goetz: Yes. If you're looking for a turnaround question, no, I think we kind of see this continuing for the near-term anyway.
