Andrew Last: Okay. Many thanks, Ilan. Good afternoon, everybody. As we enter Q4, we continued our focus on improving our supply chain situation. During the quarter some supply chain component constraints still persisted for a number of instruments, but overall were less problematic, and our primary focus was on production to meet demand. As a result, we made solid progress on reducing our backlog in the quarter. However, there was a resulting impact on product sales mix. And as expected, we still exited Q4 with an elevated backlog position for both our Life Science and Clinical Diagnostic businesses. Inventory levels remains high as we continue to source components to support demand, our manufacturing transition to Singapore, backlog reduction and better secure supply continuity through the coming year. While still high logistics costs showed improvements in Q4, although higher cost of materials continued to persist from purchases earlier in the year. Despite the product supply challenges experienced throughout 2022, we have been extremely pleased with the level of customer support and willingness to work through our backlog with us. As anticipated during the quarter, the global effects of COVID on our business continued to diminish, and in particular COVID-related sales were roughly in line with our expectations. Overall operations within Bio-Rad were back to normal with the exception of China, where changing government policy from their previous zero-tolerance policy led to a large increase in infection rates impacting a significant percentage of the country and our employees. This also had a negative effect impact on demand from our routine diagnostic tests in China. The fourth quarter also displayed continued strong demand trends across our portfolio and, in particular, we were very pleased with strong placements for the recently launched QX600 Droplet Digital PCR platform. Initial adopters include customers at the cutting edge of oncology research and testing such as Biodesix, a diagnostics company, which is developing a minimum risk residual disease test from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center on the platform. Also of note, during the fourth quarter, we entered into an exclusive licensing agreement with NuProbe to accelerate the development of next generation highly multiplex digital PCR assays for oncology applications. As we enter 2023, we have now developed a strong pipeline across multiple customer segments for the QX600. And in conjunction with our portfolio of many thousands of assays, we expect to see continued strong growth of our Droplet Digital PCR portfolio in 2023. Q4 sales of our process chromatography franchise also displayed strong double-digit growth and we are pleased with the continued performance of this business and adoption of the recently launched pre-packed columns as well as increasing interest in our [new BR resins] [ph] for new biological therapeutics and vaccines. Looking to our 2023 overall demand remains strong, and we continue to drive disciplined execution of our strategy. While we still have some challenges in supply chain, our primary activity is now on scaling production to reduce our instrument backlog and meet growing demand, particularly in the clinical diagnostics business. And we anticipate backlog will be normalized in the second half of the year. Also in the back half of the year, we are planning for the introduction of 2 new platforms from our development pipeline, the QX Continuum, and our second generation single-cell platform. The Continuum represents a next generation Droplet Digital PCR system with an integrated workflow that’s designed to be cost effective. Our single-cell application targets the large single-cell multiomics market. With the COVID pandemic largely behind us, we do not anticipate any meaningful COVID-related sales in 2023. In addition, we continue to monitor the Russia and Ukraine war situation and potential for further sanctions and downside. Thank you for your attention. And I will now pass you back to Ilan.
Andrew Last: Yeah. Hi, Patrick. Thanks for the question. Andy here. So as we look at 2023 revenue overall, let me just break it down between the 2 business areas. So, overall, I would say the strategic drivers of revenue growth remain consistent with our digital PCR platform, process chrom continued growth in that platform area. And we’re also going to benefit from new PCR products that were launched during the past year, and we’ve got some more coming during 2023. I think, our focus on biopharma penetration, where we’re largely underrepresented still is also a very significant driver, as we look to our growth in Life Science. And as a backdrop, we see Life Science funding broadly being positive, and in all regions of the world. And so that’s our general story on Life Science as I look to the clinical business. Really, it’s a continued growth of quality controls, continued share gains in immunohematology business. We’ve had some recent wins there, and we’ve got a growing demand pipeline. I would say also continued growth in Asia Pac and, in particular, kind of recovery in China more in the second half of 2023. Backlog reduction will be a feature in more the first half of the year. And, I think, it was mentioned in our script that Clinical has probably got the larger of the backlog challenge as we enter 2023. But we have really clear line of sight now. Q4 was still a bit challenging for us. And growth will kind of improve through the year for the business overall. So, I think that that’s pretty much a wrap-up of how we’re looking at 2023.
Andrew Last: Yeah, as we’ve mentioned before, the ability to overcome the supply chain constraints in the Life Science is much easier than the Clinical side of the business, and that did persist for us through Q4. And then, Q4 in China with the change in government policy that reflects, that kind of basis represented both supply chain challenge as well as some demand drop off. So China didn’t really perform quite as expected for us in Q4. As we go into Q1 really our focus is on production, the improvement in volume on our instrument platforms to meet the backlog burned down and growing demand. And so, it’s less a component issue for us now on the clinical business, it is much more ramping the volume of production as we go. And when we believe that’s the first half phenomena for us.
Andrew Last: Yeah, thanks, Dan. They’re not a material contributor in 2023. This is really staging our 2024 revenue ambitions there. So that introductions to the market, but no material contribution.
Andrew Last: Yeah, happy to do so. The plant is up and running in Singapore across all the product lines. We’re very pleased with the plant coming up to speed. I would say that the other key consideration here is that we still have our French plants operating. And that is – wasn’t our initial plant at this point in time, but we’ve kept them open because of the backorder reduction challenges that we have. And so we’re keeping our plants open through the first half to the end of Q2. And then, we’ll finally close those plants and continue to grow capacity in the Singapore facilities. So at this point, all has moved well, we’ve just had some kind of small diversions, I would say in the past year.
Andrew Last: Yeah. Just this kind of a carry-forward effect from keeping the clinical plants open on 2 sides of the world as well for 2 to 3 quarters longer than anticipated just some double down on inventory that will then have to also burn through, so that’s another contributory factor.
Andrew Last: Brad, so it’s Andy here, you broke up a little bit at the end there, so sorry. But, I mean, we have a fairly diligent process for building our plans for the year, bottoms up by region by portfolio or carrier. But the macro trends for us seem pretty robust on a fully global basis. Portfolio areas of growth that we’ve highlighted before, very consistently performing, I think, 2022 didn’t quite – we didn’t quite reach our initial growth expectations, fully realized growth expectations. So you’ve got a little bit of a comp benefit there too, a little bit of benefit coming through from some elevated backorder that we’re taking into 2023. So when we look at growth aspirations, which portions of the portfolio we expect to continue to grow, we’ve got new product contribution, both from products launched within 2022 and some new ones in particular areas of the portfolio. This year, we feel we’ve got a good growth trajectory for the business going forward.
Ilan Daskal: Sure. Thank you, Patrick. I appreciate the question. So, if you look at the challenges that we experienced in 2022, and we think about 2023, specifically around supply chain constraints, and the impact on elevated cost of raw materials, specifically in higher logistics costs. So as Andy mentioned earlier, we believe it’s going to continue to improve. And that’s part of our thinking in terms of if you think about the gross margin, the improvement of gross margin throughout 2023, specifically in the second half of it. And then when you think about the other internal initiatives that we have in terms of productivity and efficiencies in terms of the restructuring that we completed, and move to Singapore, that is in the final phases of additional manufacturing footprint. So all these initiatives, we’ll also contribute towards the achievement of the 2025 goals. And that’s kind of what gives us the confidence level that the challenges that we went through in 2022 or more transitory will continue to somewhat – to some extent into 2023. But it does not change your thinking about the 2025 model, and the targets that we laid out back in the Investor Day. And, obviously, that comes from the top-line kind of growth drivers that in terms of that you’re aware of.
Ilan Daskal: So, generally speaking, Dan, first of all, in 2023, we plan to have a lower inventory level than 2022, just as the target we set ourselves. Some of the procurement [of the protrudes] [ph] raw material was done for instruments that in components that will last longer than the next 4 quarters. And on purpose, we wanted to have some elevated level of raw material. And I do not see any risk of any write-offs for those, since these are all for instrument buildup. So that was kind of part of our thinking in terms of kind of the long-term plan, that’s the reason that it will take probably 8 quarters to normalize. As you can imagine, despite the fact that component availability became kind of audited ease in terms of availability, but it’s not yet back to kind of a normalized level. And we still have some challenges there. And maybe, Andy, do you want to…
Ilan Daskal: So Brandon, it’s – on average kind of the gross margin benefits. So it’s not anything higher or lower. It’s blended average for the gross margin. And it is a onetime for the fourth quarter between $5 million and 10 million, as I mentioned.
Ilan Daskal: And, Jack, with it in terms of the mix between equity and debt. Our preference is again to try and maximize the debt capacity. And maybe even you can call it a little bit stretching it, if historically were discussing around 3x of gross leverage, we’ll try to be even above that so long that we maintain our investment grade level. And that can provide us kind of a nice size opportunity – to target a nice size opportunity.
Ilan Daskal: Yes. So, Jeff, maybe one comment from my side, maybe that is also related to the fact that it will take us about 8 quarters and 4 quarters to normalize that inventory level, since we did procure on purpose in certain components longer-term kind of capacity. And probably that explains the reason for the higher elevated and the kind of normalization and capturing kind of the order backlog, or elevated order backlog during 2023.
Ilan Daskal: It’s a good question, Jack. I mean, some of the challenges, obviously, from 2022, we’ll continue in part of 2023. So that is still a headwind, when you think about the higher cost of materials that we have to flush through the inventory cycle. And that has an impact on gross margin, obviously, and it’s a fall through to the operating margin. I think that’s kind of the main item that we have to kind of work through during 2023. And that’s again the reason that we do believe that it’s still transitory and that’s exactly the basis for our thinking in terms of still confirming the 2025 target model, because by that time, we believe that those issues will no longer be there.
