Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Sure. So we were talking about operating margin going from 10% to 11% and some of that is gross margin improvement but also operating margin improvement. And on the gross margin the 55.5% to 56% probably is now 56% to 56.5% if you will and then the balance of that improvement getting to a target of 11.5% is found on the operating line.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yeah, that's a great question. And as we progress through the year, we do anticipate improvement in our margins with a particular note as we look short term to the second quarter you will remember that quarter we experienced quite a bit of disruption related to the ERP go-live which would then imply easier to compare on the top-line this year and if we have good solid growth on the top-line that helps with margin expansion. So it wouldn't surprise me to see strength in the margins and in the second quarter in terms of how it rolls out through the years and then, Q3 being back to our seasonal type of tough quarter and maybe something more that we've seen historically and then ending with a good strong Q4. Much of the margin improvement is driven by continued growth and performance on the top-line. And as you look at SG&A spend, if we continue to work to hold it flat throughout the rest of this year, then as we grow the top line, you'll see the SG&A margin continue to expand. The other thing that is important to point out is the 3.5% to 4% reiterating on the top-line takes into consideration that we have just divested a small product line which represented about $8 million a year of sales for us. So we are looking at keeping our top-line guidance and finding other way to make up for that $8 million.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: No. And maybe it's a good time to remind everyone that the 3.5% to 4% was organic currency neutral on a reported basis. Certainly you can end up being higher than that, but the second half of the year has a couple of tough compares, Q3 becomes a tough compare because that's the quarter we made up last year for the disruptive quarter of Q2 last year. And then of course Q4 was a very big quarter for us in 2017. So the growth rates probably are tougher to compare and especially in the fourth quarter.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: We are and I'll just make a quick comment and then I'll let John Hertia pipe in and that's probably my doing on the script in terms of not mentioning in it specifically because it is a mixed result. They had the tough compare in Europe. Because a lot of the pull-forward last year was in blood typing products, but they also had very, very good growth in the U.S. as we gained traction in this very important market for blood typing, so John Hertia, that's a good set up for you to talk a little more about it.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: I think it is still in line. Obviously as time moves on towards our 2020 target, you start to have cumulative impacts of new products and the geographic expansion. But I think for the first quarter out of the gate we do experience the negative of the pricing pressure, et cetera, but as Annette and John Hertia pointed out in a couple of their product line lines we're seeing very good both geographic extension as well as some new market, new product activity.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: No, no. We still have costs this year and at this point, it's hard to call those either atypical or unique. I think it is part of the investment in our business and so it's not something that we would non-GAAP out, but as you may remember when we were talking about the outlook for the year we were looking at pretty significant reduced spend in the ERP project for 2018. And that's part of the benefit of the margin expansion. But it's not something that we're going to highlight or non-GAAP out.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Hi, Brandon. We're rolling – we're getting ready to roll that program out. We really wanted to be thoughtful about how we were going to do that. But we're engaged right now with several parties for commercials that – commercially use licenses for the technology. So it's moving along as we had hoped.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Okay. Thank you, Paige. Again thank you everyone for taking the time to join us today. We appreciate your interest and look forward to the next time we have a chance to speak. Bye-bye.
