Christine A. Tsingos: That's a good question, Dan. I think that if there's some sort of full sequestration, then, no, it does not include that, and that would be downside to that guidance. I mean, yes, I think as Brad has been saying all along, he is seeing behavior in the market of people anticipating some sort of slowdown and kind of holding tight to their grant dollars. So from that respect, we're a little cautious. But if there is a full-on sequestration, then, no, I -- that's probably not anticipated in our 3% to 3.5% outlook.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay. So maybe John will comment a little bit on the changes in the screening environment. But as you know, we don't disclose our sales to the level of detail on a product level or even a division basis.
Christine A. Tsingos: I think -- so, good question. When we build our forecast, we try to and do it on a currency-neutral basis and look at what the rates were last year. And setting aside the comments that we just made on sequestration, which could affect the Q1 rate, I think that if currency doesn't change much from where it's been and where it was in the average year, then I think the growth will be fairly ratable with the exception of Q4 of 2013, I'm not sure. We've just boasted a pretty strong quarter and it'd end up being a tough compare for us when we're all sitting here a year from now, so we'll see.
Christine A. Tsingos: Historically, we really haven't got into the level of detail as talking about growth rate by region or product line.
Christine A. Tsingos: So John, now that we've kind of rounded our one-year anniversary on QuantaLife being part of our results in the fourth quarter, we consider it organic to our business, so it's not a specific number that we're going to be disclosing.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes. I think -- in fact, I think we were talking about as much as $25 million between the amortization and the operating results, and that's about where it came in.
Christine A. Tsingos: It is a P&L number. And what's behind that number, John, are several things. Some, obviously, we need to start depreciating. We plan to go live with the first deployment early in the first half of 2013, and that will have to start taking on some depreciation associated with that. There's also a fair amount of related support and other expense associated with the go live that we'll be taking on. And then maybe a small increment in the project itself, but a lot of it have to do with going live with our first deployment.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes, I think that's right. It's still single digit in terms of percent of overall sales, but certainly one of our fastest-growing markets.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay. Well, I think we're still somewhat early in the game here, early innings in terms of the overall project. Remember when we started down this journey, we talked about it being a 4- to 5-year project for us, wanting to take a fair amount of time upfront to work on a good global design that we could truly replicate around the world and try and get to a single platform, a single system. And then also talked about that we want to be pretty deliberate in how we roll this out and none of us really having the stomach for a big bang approach. And so moving into our first deployment, which is a small part of the U.S., as a proof of concept, if you will, and try and take it from there. So that's where we are now. A lot of the design is behind us, and we're getting close to going live with that first deployment. In terms of what we know now that maybe we didn't know before, I mean, we kind of knew this was going to be hard and it truly is hard. And at the same time, we expect that there are a fair amount of benefits, and I think we're going to find that there are. We -- as we move forward through this, we need to start making some decisions about what is the most effective way to get to the finish line and vis-à-vis, how we move geographically around the world in terms of further implementation, either on a geographic business or a line of business aspect, and we're looking at that now. Clearly, for us to take that system abroad is a very complex path that will take a fair amount of planning. So that actually may push the timeline out a little bit for the international location. But at the same time, I think there's plenty that we can continue to achieve here at the U.S.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes. And I would agree with that. I think sometimes it's hard for us as it sounds like maybe for you from time to time as we look at this and the short-term impact on our P&L especially when we made such progress in growing our margins from the single digits up to that high of 14%. But in the end, we keep coming back to if we don't make this investments, we're not going to have the strong foundation that we need to be scalable moving forward, but more importantly, the technology that will help us take some of the redundancy out of our business that we have on a global basis. So each time we look at what this is, we become very committed to continuing down this path so that we can build that foundation, and therefore, fulfill our commitment to actually expand our earnings power in the future.
Christine A. Tsingos: That's a good question. Probably, if I -- if the hits are any judge as we've done, other -- bring in other acquisitions into the fold, my guess would be at this point, that it would be more backend loaded because history shows in the first few months of bringing something in, there's always a big focus on integration and in getting to know the business, and we tend to see growth in the latter quarter. So I'm not sure that the increment in Q1 has been substantial. But again, we're just trying to get our arms around that business having recently closed it.
Christine A. Tsingos: So right now, we're hoping that sometime in the second quarter, that's first deployment in the U.S. And again, it's one of our smaller divisions based in the U.S. So it's not -- I wouldn't characterize it as all the U.S. Hoping to go live in the second quarter, and then the remainder of this year, the balance of this year will be spent planning and finalizing design and actually developing our second deployment. I think as far as timing for Europe, given the complexity of Europe and the number of legal entities and manufacturing sites, distribution sites, et cetera, that we have, we're probably still, oh my gosh, 18 to 24 months away from really getting into Europe and starting to bring those various entities into the fold.
Christine A. Tsingos: Well, I think -- I'm not sure from what direction you're asking your question. If your question is when do we start going live with all of these multiple operations that we have, it's not one big bang in Europe either. So could we start to go live in the 24-month window with smaller operations? Sure. But if your question is, when do you really have Europe into the fold, and therefore, when do you start to see the benefits, because we've spoken in the past how Europe holds the key to the largest benefits of this project, if that's where your question is coming from, then it's at least 24 months away, and most likely longer than that before we have all of Europe in the fold and producing a benefit.
Christine A. Tsingos: Yes. So good question, John. I think we're looking forward to September as much as you are so that we can refinance or take out. We'll make that decision as we get closer to it, that 8% debt. And I should say that that's not factored into the discussion that we had today on our outlook.
Christine A. Tsingos: Okay, great. Well, thank you, everyone, for taking the time to join us today, and hopefully, we'll be seeing you soon. Bye bye.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: And this is Brad Crutchfield. As far as the Life Science business, in the U.S., certainly it'd be the Digital PCR and process chromatography. Process chromatography were particularly strong. It helped kind of offset the slowness of the sort of traditional repurchase throughout the academic sector. And again, we continue to see some strength -- continued strength in Asia Pacific.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: John, this is Brad. Concerning the process business, you are correct. It was particularly strong in the fourth quarter, but overall, a pretty strong year. As you know, a lot of this relates to clinical trials, [indiscernible] stage III in FDA approvals. So overall, I would say that we raised the base for this business in 2012 as a result of the number of processes we're in. But again, this business will be -- continue to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter. But the growth that we saw was a general strengthening of the bases.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: So certainly, we won't be able to quantify specifically but other than to say that the product is launched and we are taking orders and making deliveries on the product. So far, the customer seems to be -- seems to have hit a really nice fix in sort of cell market -- cell sorting market.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Yes. I think if we look at the platforms, you can look at cell biology as a front end of our workflow, it's really the way customers are looking at single cell biology or sorting their cells before they begin their research. Certainly, the QX100 and then followed on into our protein characterization platform, sort of traditional electro-blot platform, are all going to benefit by having content, and this is biologically relevant content. And last year, we introduced the complete human genome, we have the mouse genome coming through this year. And then the acquisition of AbD Serotec gives us the antibody content to go on to cell sorter, as well as to go on our Western Blot platform. So really, for us, it's kind of a vertical integration strategy, not just the platform and some of the reagents, but the biologically relevant content. It's kind of our strategy going forward.
Bradford J. Crutchfield: Well, I think, part of it is, is that a lot of the data around next-gen sequencing has opened up a lot of information that ultimately has to be validated by protein expression. And the only way to do protein expression, of course, is, in some cases, you're looking at very rare events that you have to do single cell biology. But that certainly sets us well up with the cell sorter. And then on the other side is traditional tools for looking at very slight nuances in protein expression ultimately to validate what is genomic information.
