Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So taking it from the last question, essentially, yes, because that outlook assumes current exchange rates and they moved a little bit over the third quarter, but certainly different than what it was at the beginning of the year. So regarding the GnuBIO shutdown, I think, you're right. We were spending in kind of the low $20 millions a year on that operation. And so there will be some savings in fourth quarter, but the bolus of the savings will come in 2018. We do plan to redirect some of the R&D spend into areas like liquid biopsy where we really are getting a lot of demand and we have some great new technology going on there. But certainly the bottom line will benefit in 2018 and we'll talk about that more at our Investor Day on November 28.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yes. Brandon, I mean that's a good question and there are puts and takes in Europe. I think part of what was driving that growth is this make-up of sales that were disrupted in Europe during the transition during the second quarter. Not all of that $12 million that we made up was in Europe, but the bolus was. And the bolus of that was probably diagnostics. So that did contribute to some of the growth in Europe. Having said that, if we strip that out, Europe was at least flat, so I guess that could be a good sign going forward.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yes. So there's probably a small amount of catch-up. When we estimated in the second quarter that, $15 million to $17 million, we were also kind of estimating a normalized level. And I think we're really getting back to normalized now as we're running through the fourth quarter. So there may be a small amount of make-up, if you will, from disrupted sales. But, frankly, it's now hard for us to decipher that, because the business is flowing along and products are being made and shipped and what have you. And so I think we feel good about having recovered. And as we look to growth in the fourth quarter, much of the driver is really in the base business.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Yes. So, well, I mean, I think we do feel like the strength in the margin will continue into the fourth quarter, thus discussion about the 9.5% to 10.5%. And I think it helps to look at kind of the year-to-date results, because some of these reclassifications that we talked about were just really between Q2 and Q3, but puts us on solid footing for the year-to-date results. And looking at where that is and then moving into the fourth quarter, I think you'll see some of that growth.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Okay. Well, so I think we've talked about this before with the RainDance acquisition. First and foremost, it was very much a technology-driven, intellectual property-driven acquisition. Having said that, they do have a good base business. The vast majority of it is a single customer, Myriad Genetics, and so they represent the bulk of the sales. But our plan was and continues to be really to focus the market on the products and technologies that we've been developing and selling in our existing digital biology group and adding some of that talent and technology and IP on top of that as we move forward. And perhaps, Anette, if you'd like to add anything in terms of the value of the business in RainDance and where we're going.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Okay. Yes. The other thing I was just going to add is when we did the acquisition, the goal was, while it was a bit of a negative on the operating income line, initially the goal was to get that to contributing within 18 months. And we did write off part of the purchase price early on, which added the additional drag this year. But I think we're well on track to have it be contributing by the second half of 2018.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Sorry, Skylar. Can you just poll one last time just to be sure? Because we had the technical difficulties at the beginning, I just want to make sure. And otherwise, I'm happy to wrap up.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: So we do have a pretty interesting acquisition pipeline right now. I'm going to save the answer to that question for Investor Day on November 28 because we are going to be talking about it, as we have the management presentation from both Annette Tumolo on the Life Science side and John Hertia on the Diagnostics side and myself and John Goetz and Norman Schwartz. And so, that's definitely part of the conversation, so I think I'll save that for then if that's okay, Dave.
Christine A. Tsingos - Bio: Okay. Well, everyone, again, our apologies for the technical difficulties at the beginning of the call. As always, we're here and available to answer any other questions you may have. And thank you again for your time and your interest. Bye-bye.
David Westenberg: Yes. So usually, I mean, like, when you look at your performance, usually, your best operating quarter is the fourth quarter. And when you strip out GnuBIO, I think you did better than what I was anticipating, and I think a lot of what everyone else was anticipating. So I don't know. I guess I'm seeing a lot of improvement right here. And then, I kind of would think that the cadence would continue improving, particularly into Q4, which is typically the strongest quarter for you, guys.
David Westenberg: Okay. And then, just a question for perspective purposes. So when you – let's say, on your Q1 call, when you were laying out sort of a – remember Q2 is the ERP related go-live quarter, keep your expectations in check. And now that we've cleared Q3, can you talk about where you are, where you think the company is relative to your expectations maybe going into the year? I don't know if you can give any like quantitative data on that or qualitative data on that. I guess it doesn't matter. I'm just trying to just really piece together your perspective relative to what you had in Q1 or when you reported Q1 and you said all hands on deck. It's go-live time.
David Westenberg: Yes, both in terms of top and bottom line. I'm mostly referencing where you are in terms of – your thoughts in terms of ERP related disruption relative to your expectations in Q1.
