Roop Lakkaraju: Yes, certainly, Patrick, good to talk to you. So first of all, maybe just to start, I think just to remember, we are taking the overall gross margin up from a guide -- from where we were on the guide perspective based on the performance. And so even in the second half of the year, we expect stronger gross margin than what we had originally guided. Q2 is kind of strength in the gross margin, specifically is associated with mix. But the other part of it is really sustained improvements based on our cost initiatives and efficiency improvements and things like logistics costs that we've been very proactively managing. So those are the things that really helped Q2. And as we looked at these initiatives, the magnitude and timing can be a bit variable, and so we saw it flow through in the second quarter. We do expect that to sustain into the second half of the year and beyond. With that said, as we look at kind of the revenue and what we expect to flow through our factories, we anticipate more under absorption in the factories. And so we've been a bit conservative in giving kind of what that margin outlook is in the second half, while still taking up the overall range of the margin for the year.
Roop Lakkaraju: Yes, of course. Op margins, when I look at the actions we've taken on a proactive cost management and just efficiencies, productivity that we're driving throughout the different areas of OpEx, that's taking hold as well. I think part of the headwind on the OpEx, which then affects the op margin is just the fact that sales are coming down from where we originally expected. And therefore, the cost leverage -- cost structure leverage isn't as strong yet even though we've got the gross margins improving. So that's simply flow through, and we've been very proactive in terms of that headcount management through the year. I think one thing to keep in mind is from an operating expense standpoint, we've been very prudent in how we looked at headcount management and cost management. We'll see a little bit of uptick in the second half of the year just because of some of the projects and other things that we want to drive execution on it in the second half.
Roop Lakkaraju: Patrick, this is Roop. Maybe just to build on one part is the geo piece. And based on the customers that Andy spoke of, it's in various geos. So it's not concentrated in any one geo.
Roop Lakkaraju: Yes. And I think the -- this is Roop. I would just add, we are going to see second half strength in DD PCR over the first half. So when we think about that, we're pleased with kind of as it's coming back.
Roop Lakkaraju: Hey, Dan, this is Roop. Maybe I'll start. In terms of spectrum, I think we framed it well in terms of what we're seeing and across the different areas. Obviously, from a Life Science Group, the process chrome is the area that, as Andy spoke up, we're seeing the greatest headwind, if you will. And that really -- our position with these customers is very strong in terms of the end therapeutics that they support. Those are market leading therapeutics. And so we feel very good about that and it can't be displaced. It's just a matter of that destocking that's occurring there. As we just talked about DD PCR, we're seeing positive signals and expect that to grow. Clinical Diagnostics has been positive throughout the year, and we expect it to have some normalized growth rate as we continue. The margin is the one area that I framed, which is maybe a little bit more conservative, but part of this is mix being a contributor to our positivity so far. It's hard to predict mix exactly. And so we're mindful of that. And then as I mentioned, the under-absorption, beyond that, and I think we haven't touched on China and maybe in the questions. But China is the one variable that's an open question. The new stimulus that's been introduced. It's interesting, but I'm not sure it will have that much of an impact. So we're again mindful of that. So I think we're trying to be very prudent in our view of what to layout for folks to expect in the second half, recognizing the markets are still dynamic and especially in a couple of the areas that we're playing in. And China is probably the one that's most variable for maybe not just us, but others as well.
Roop Lakkaraju: Well, that's just -- that's the incremental authorization, I guess, and we're just mindful. I mean, those balance sheets that you referenced, Tycho, are large balance sheets. So that's one thing to keep in mind. With that said, we did close to $200 million through the Q2 period and through the blackout period, which we hadn't done. So I think our actions speak to our perspective that we're undervalued. The $500 million in incremental authorization, I think it's a strong message from the Board and us. And when you consider where our balance sheet is, that's a very reasonable percentage of our cash.
Roop Lakkaraju: Yes. I guess, I'll start and maybe Norman, if you'd like to add. Prioritization, I think, listen, part of it is the technical aspect of the share repurchase and where intrinsic values are, and that's more of a technical answer. And so I wouldn't say we're necessarily prioritizing, but we're mindful and at the same time, M&A the right deals have to come. And as you mentioned, valuations have to be appropriate for the right technologies and they have to contribute to our product roadmap and strategy. And so timing is an important part of that. So we look at both as opportunities to drive long-term shareholder value creation.
Roop Lakkaraju: Yes. Great point on that. You're spot on bloated. We haven't necessarily used that word, but we do think it's [indiscernible]. But I guess you pick your word. With all that said, we've got inventory. And some of it, quite honestly, has been purposeful because of the market, right? It's -- we needed to procure strategic materials to ensure continuity of supply. With that said, if I separate that out, we've got focused initiatives in terms of inventory reduction. Part of it is just operationally how we manage the sales and operations kind of alignment and there's improvements that are being made there. And we expect over time that that inventory will come down. And I'll say it more from an inventory turn standpoint, our inventory turns will improve, obviously, with revenue growth, you may see additional inventory on the balance sheet. But from an overall turns perspective, where we are today is unacceptable, and we're focused on improving that turns, which obviously will then drive stronger operating and free cash flow.
Andy Last: Hey, Patrick, it's Andy. Yes, I'll take that one. Yes, I think, look, the story here is a mixed bag. There are some positives. We're seeing a number of projects that we're engaged in improving in the first half and actually low-double digit improvement. So that's a positive trend line. But those small projects in early phase are not material revenue contributors in the first year. The kind of pullback on our overall guidance on process chromatography is very much the same story as Q1. It's just a more acute understanding of the magnitude of destocking that a small handful of very large customers have to go through. And they've got multiple manufacturing facilities, and it's been that struggle of getting full line of sight to all their sources of inventory. And so we're just being very prudent in our view on process chrome for the rest of this year, and we expect to see recovery in '25.
Andy Last: I don't think we're seeing any real shift competitively that we've not already been seeing. Within the mix of life science overall, digital PCR instrumentation was the major factor again. Consumables were actually held up pretty well. And we -- and sequentially, quarter-to-quarter, we saw improvement. In fact, we saw quarter-to-quarter improvement broadly. It's really the -- in the case of digital PCR, it's a pretty tough compare in Q2 of last year, the call-out in the script of the onetime licensing fee and some of the kind of supply chain challenges that we actually managed to overcome in Q2 of prior year. So and as for the competitive situation, look, with maintaining our win rates in the segments we're focused in. And we feel very positive about the long-term outlook for digital PCR still.
Andy Last: Yes. Dan, it's Andy. Thanks for the question. And look, I think we're consistent in where we think the value proposition for the product offering set, which is equal performance to the market leading solution, better value and a better workflow. And we think the long-term growth opportunity for single cell is solid. It's a sizable market. We expect it to continue to grow. I think the obvious acquisition of Fluent by Illumina is just kind of a testament to that. And I think that's going to kind of put more emphasis on value for the end market. We believe we've got a very well-positioned product with probably the best workflow of all the platforms. In terms of go-to-market, we've got a specialist focus in our early months of introduction to establish product performance and credibility out there with kind of key core labs and sensors. So that's the way we're approaching it as our platform value and we're kind of thinking about the work we'll do in the second half this year. We don't anticipate material revenue contribution that would change our outlook this year. But it's about building for next year.
Andy Last: Yes. I think we've got an element of mix that's playing into our disadvantage here, Tycho, amongst others and with the biopharma and digital PCR component. Maybe also a little bit with our qPCR business, since it was the beneficiary of a massive uplift in the COVID period. And we're still seeing some relative softness on recovery in qPCR instrumentation. So I think we've got that mix that's a little bit against us relative to others. And the other -- depending on other folks on the reagent instrumentation mix where reagents are holding up better this year overall. And I'd say the last piece that I would call out, which we should not forget is Q2 was a pretty tough compare for us. We had the onetime license fee. We actually -- despite the market we're starting to pull back really by the end of Q1 last year, we actually were doing a fair bit of supply chain recovery during Q2. So I'll compare was a bit elevated to pass other focus as well.
Andy Last: Yes, nothing outside of the normal risks that go with new product introduction and then all those final steps you go through. We're still targeting an initial entry in Q4. Really, it's about staging for next year, Tycho. Nothing more to add at this point, I don't think.
Norman Schwartz: Yes. I think as we said before, part of this -- part of evaluating the candidates has been a CEO of succession, and that's still part of the -- that's still a critical part of the mix.
Norman Schwartz: Yes. I mean it's -- we still do see it. It's a monetizable asset. I think that the question is what's the future with your team not extending its contract, certainly, his tenure has been really good for us. And it's been really good for the company. And our investment has done really well. And I think, candidly, it's given us a much more valuable monetizable asset. But I guess at the end of the day, he's stepping down doesn't really impact our kind of overall views.
Norman Schwartz: Thank you for joining today's call. We will be at the Wells Fargo Healthcare Conference in Boston in early September and hope to catch up with some of you in-person. And as always, we appreciate your interest, and we look forward to connecting soon. Take care.
