Norman Schwartz: Yeah. I think it really has the most to do with the sales volumes. We get a lot of leverage from the sales and I think we should see the margins ramp with sales.
Norman Schwartz: Yeah. We’re really making good progress and candidly we’re hoping to have a new CFO on Board by the next earnings call.
Norman Schwartz: Yeah. Yeah. I’d say, near-term, it’s -- it seems to be a kind of a tough market, not many signs of immediate recovery and a little bit of uncertainty I think as to when we will see that. I think that the good old days of double-digit growth in China are, I don’t see that in the foreseeable future. For a life science business, I think we’ve seen the impact of -- combined impact of the in China for China, anti-corruption, and in general, a kind of a tough funding environment affecting the business. For Diagnostics, I think, they -- we’re continuing to see steady growth, but we do continually also continue to kind of carefully monitor the situation with these value-based pricing tenders, wondering if that may spread to some of our platforms or some of our more specialty products from the kind of higher volume products that have seen that in the short-term.
Norman Schwartz: Yeah. They did cut the dividend. We baked that into our guidance and it’s understandable given the kind of cash constraints that they have.
Norman Schwartz: Yeah. It’s a really good question. Normally it’s something like, kind of more like 49-51 when we think of a normal year and I think we’re going to see a much wider spread than that for 2024. I think it’s anybody’s guess exactly what it’s going to be, but I think, we’ll see a kind of a bigger delta between the first half and the second half.
Norman Schwartz: Yeah. We certainly, as we mentioned, we’ve got still several $100 million authorized by the Board and we’ll continue to be opportunistic with share repurchases, but we still have a focus to kind of continue to look for kind of good complementary business opportunities to tuck-ins, things that are complementary to the business. Probably no change in our thinking around acquisitions, so it’s a kind of a two-pronged approach. Could be buybacks, could be some tuck-in acquisitions.
Simon May: Yeah. This is Simon. I think we’re really largely through the backlog burn down compares as we head into 2024. I think the short answer is the slate’s pretty clean now. We’ve obviously got a bunch of other macro conditions impacting the business as we referred to in the script and the H1 versus H2 contrast. But as we’re sitting here today, we don’t see backlog burn down as an issue going forward.
Simon May: It’s Simon again. I think at a macro level we saw the conditions that we’ve been talking about all year with destocking continue to persist, and again, as I think Andy called out in the script as we enter Q1 our order book remains softer than we’ve seen it in previous years. I guess the follow-on question there is about are we seeing any green shoots and there’s certainly a lot of tentatively encouraging data starting to emerge as we look at our customer base. I think we’re seeing that a number of our customers we’re really anticipating are going to be through the destocking impacts in 2024 and we’ll see something like a return to normality. But at the same time we’ve got some larger customers who all the indications are they’re not going to be through it and so I think that’s going to net out to be tentatively we’ll see some recovery in the second half but there’s still a fair amount of uncertainty around it.
Simon May: Yes. Simon again. I think for process chromatography as I mentioned previously we’ve got these competing forces of accounts that are destocked and accounts that are still destocking, and I think the net of that is going to be negative, because the accounts that are destocking are our larger accounts. I think there’s still some ongoing uncertainty around that as we keep saying but the best read of the tea leaves that we’ve got right now is as mentioned. For Digital PCR we had a challenging Q4 for reasons that have been mentioned and that in the end made it a challenging year as well. As we look to 2024, I think we’re certainly seeing nice growth potential in Digital PCR. Again that’s predicated to some degree on recovery of the biopharma markets where we’ve been hit, we’ve got a very strong existing position there and also we’ve got some good new product launches coming out. So the way I think about it, it’s biopharma market recovery and it’s new product introductions. They’re both when not if events and so for the full year I think we’re looking at growth in Digital PCR.
Simon May: Yeah. I think the short answer there is again primarily driven by biopharma headwinds. We saw challenges in both instruments and consumables, I’d say with approximately equal weighting. I think we’ve got a healthy mix now overall in terms of consumables and instruments, and again, as the markets recover we think we’re going to be the beneficiaries of that.
