David Regnery: Yes, Scott, it's a good question. We have strong core business right now. And we spend a lot on innovation and we price our innovation to ensure that we get proper returns. So I would say it's leading more with innovation, and we're constantly looking for how we can improve our portfolio, how we can improve the efficiency of our products, how our products can use next-generation low-GWP refrigerant. That's all inclusive in our business operating system when it comes to innovation. And that's what's really leading our markets right now. And I would also tell you that having this, and I know I've told you this before, but this direct sales force and being able to educate them on new innovations real time and having them take those messages to the influencers on jobs is very, very important when you go to close especially some of these large applied jobs.
David Regnery: Yes. Julian, we don't look at just light. We look at units are in total so it would be light and large. And historically, it's been about 50-50 in our equipment business. But obviously, in the third quarter, we had very, very strong demand in our applied business. So think of data centers, high tech, education, we're very strong. We had solid performance in other verticals, too, like health care, life science, government, industrial. And then there were some weaker verticals as well. Think of traditional office, warehousing and retail and those weaker verticals where you tend to see more unitary than applied systems.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean, we're still tracking a lot of "mega projects", and we're defining a mega project, again, as a project where the total revenue -- total size of it is over $1 billion. We're still tracking a lot of those in our pipeline. So yes, we had a little bit of activity in the third quarter but we just had some really nice growth. And as I said earlier, data centers, education continues to be very strong. And then we had like what I would call solid performance over a lot of different verticals, health care, life science, government, industrial. Those are all very solid performance in the quarter. So I think a lot of the mega projects are yet to come, which is still good news. And I think I've told you on our second quarter call, our ability to track these projects and to triage them on a global basis because some of these big mega projects, you have decision-makers that are in different parts of the world. And you have -- you could have the owner in Korea, you could have the engineer in Seattle, Washington and the project is in Texas. And we're able to triage that and work with the customer and show the value that we can provide. So we're super excited about a lot of the mega projects that are still in the pipeline.
David Regnery: Yes, Andy, I had the opportunity to visit several of our locations during the quarter. It was just such a great feeling to feel the flow that's happening in the operations today versus where we were a year ago, where we were looking at the yard full of product that had to go back on the line to be reworked. So that's all helping with the productivity. So we're really starting to hit our stride here in our operations, which is a great job by the team because they've had some tough times they're working through the supply chain. But I'm glad to say that they're operating extremely well right now.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean, like I said, we did open the order book in October. As expected, Gautam, I mean, the Thermo King business has performed very well for us over a number of years. And with our current guide, we're forecasting that we're going to outperform the markets again in 2023. So it's a great business. We have a lot of innovation that we're pumping through that business right now as we electrify our portfolio of products. Great team, and it's -- I'm pretty excited about where we are with Thermo King. I know that ACT is forecasting a bit of a dip in 2024. We're validating that. There's some things that don't align up with our internal forecast, but we'll validate that in the short term and update everyone as we report out our fourth quarter earnings.
David Regnery: It's always within a 12-month period. So these orders don't get booked way out. But in fact, in the prior years, we would only open up the book for 6-month increments. So just because we wanted to make sure we are pricing right when we were in a higher inflation market.
David Regnery: Yes. I was with the resi team recently. We're not seeing that, no. So I think the short answer is no, we haven't seen that yet.
David Regnery: Chris, hope all is well with you. Great question. Look, we always lead with innovation. I think our customers always appreciate higher efficient products, greener products using low-GWP refrigerants, so we pride ourselves on that. Look, we do a lot of innovation around verticals, and I don't talk a lot about that for obvious reasons. But if you think of data centers, we had a very strong quarter in data centers. A lot of that has to do with the innovation that we're providing working with the customer. So these are unique solutions for them and then they scale it through all the data centers that they're building. So we'll continue to do that in the future. We'll continue to sell our energy efficiency to our customers. And we'll continue to make sure that we have a connected solutions so that our service business can continue to expand in the future.
David Regnery: Yes. I haven't read Eaton's reports so I can't comment specifically. I would just tell you that we have a lot of projects in the pipeline right now that we're tracking. I think it's always -- you always have to be a little bit careful when you track 1 company versus another company is when orders are procured by different companies could vary. So Eaton maybe a bit before us. But I guess the good news is we still see a lot out there. It sounds like Eaton does as well, and we're very, very confident with many of the solutions that we have that we're talking with customers about and we feel that many of these projects, we're in a unique position.
David Regnery: Our revenue was up, in the Americas, was up over 20%. Equipment was up over 30%. Applied was stronger than unitary.
David Regnery: Yes, yes, yes. Both were strong but applied was stronger than unitary. I mean, you could look at the verticals that really had the strength in it, Steve. You have data centers, high tech, education. Those tend to be more applied systems. And even the verticals that were solid like health care, life science, again, those tend to be the more intricate projects where you need really a design system, which is our applied systems. So we're pretty happy with the performance that we saw in the third quarter. And again, not to iterate, but these implied, I know you know this, but this is where you get the long service tail. And so this is going to continue to fuel our service business in the future.
David Regnery: That's exactly where I was going to go, Chris. I mean, these verticals, we track 14. You could even get 18 if you do a little subdividing there. But there's oftentimes when 1 vertical is stronger than another vertical for an extended period of time, I'll use warehousing as an example. Two years ago, 3 years ago, warehousing was extremely strong. We pivot our sales force to focus on warehousing. We develop programs for them, and they go capture share in those particular verticals. Right now, the strength in data centers, I don't see that going away in the near term. High tech, we have all the mega projects that are really in front of us. And education, education has been strong. Obviously, ESSER funding is helping that. I think ESSER funding is probably in the fifth or sixth inning, but we've been extremely strong in education for an extended period of time.
David Regnery: Yes. The short answer is we're dialing it in. But I mean, if you think about the whole refrigerant change, right, we've been leading with refrigerant change really the industry, I think we've been at it since about 2013 with next-generation refrigerants. So we're more than ready for this transition away from 410 to, in our case, 454B. Our designs are complete, our manufacturing is ready to go. We're going to start up production here in early Q2. So all systems goes there. There are some definitions, Steve, that we're still working with the EPA to make sure our interpretation is correct. And then really our focus is going to shift to the channel. I'm sure we have a clean phase in, phase out of inventory. We will be manufacturing both 410 product and 454 product in 2024 and probably even into 2025, at least our interpretation right now, what we're seeing with the EPA. As far as price, we're still dialing that in. The 454 product is going to be more expensive. Obviously, it's a slightly flammable refrigerant so you're going to have to put different sensing equipment around the union. So we'll get more data on that in the coming weeks here, and we'll update everyone on our fourth quarter call.
David Regnery: Yes. I think the only thing I would add to that, Jeff, is I'll go back to data centers again, and kind of our strategy was to work with the data center engineers and develop solutions that are optimal for them. Once we do that, they do tend to lock in for an extended period of time with you. So they'll provide orders beyond your lead times just to ensure that they have slots available and we don't disappoint missing a shipment.
David Regnery: Yes, I'll start with the latter. The education, we haven't seen a cooloff yet. We still have a lot in our pipeline as well. There's still a lot of money to be spent out there. As I said, I think if we had a -- we were playing baseball, I'd say we're in the sixth inning. There's still some funding to come there. We've been strong there for an extended period of time. The other question was...
David Regnery: The supply chain, it's -- I wouldn't say it's normal but it's pretty close to normal. We always have some noise that you're going to see in the supply chain, but our teams have done just a great job there. So I wouldn't say it was -- I would not say our third quarter performance was because supply chain suddenly got better because it's been [indiscernible].
David Regnery: We're executing very well on the front end of our business. We're executing very well on the operations side of our business and you really see it in our results.
David Regnery: I'm very happy with our performance in Asia Pacific overall, so thanks for the question. You think about -- I'll start with orders, right? I mean, orders were up in the low teens, up 12%, okay, for the region. And China had high single digits and the rest of Asia had mid-teens, so very strong performance on order rate. On revenue, we were flattish, down a bit. But remember, last year, we had 30% growth in Asia Pacific so it's really just a comp issue. The team there is performing very well. I was very, very happy with the incoming order rates in that region. And the pipeline is strong as well.
David Regnery: Yes, thermal storage. Yes, I mean, we have adoption that's continuous there. We've been selling thermal storage systems for quite some time. I do think that one of the elements of IRA that could accelerate that is that would be included there. And we're still dialing in what that exact rebate would be and how it will be applied. But that could be significant and really drive that. And just so everyone's aware, thermal management -- our thermal storage systems are great ways for energy efficiency but they're also great ways to help balance the grid. And if you have a need and a peak period to shut off power or limit power, this is a great way to do it because you burn ice versus running your compressors on your chillers. So we're excited about the technology. We've had it for a while, and IRA could be a catalyst to even have it grow faster.
David Regnery: It was a contributor. It was a system of things that does it, but we really like the mix we have with our service business.
David Regnery: Yes. Nuvolo is a cloud-based connected workplace and enterprise asset management company, and it's leveraging the ServiceNow platform. Look, we look at this as a way to augment our current digital capabilities. Just to remind everyone, we have over 36,000 connected buildings. We have well over 1 million connected assets. So we think this is a great company, great leadership, great technology, and we're excited to get this closed and have it be part of the Trane Technologies portfolio, and it's going to really help us grow our digital business at a nice clip.
David Regnery: I won't be specific on that. I would say that this acquisition is less than 1% of the enterprise revenue.
Christopher Kuehn: Julian, it's Chris. I'll start off. The Q4 implied guide is kind of around mid-single digits organic revenue growth, and it is a little bit of a stepdown versus Q3. But if we put a few reasons behind it, one is when I think about the toughest comp of the year, our commercial HVAC businesses, this is really the toughest comp across the board going into the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. Second would be the contribution from price. We would expect to be a bit lower in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. We commented price delivered around 4 points of growth in Q3. You probably dialed that into about 2-ish points of growth in Q4, so there's about 2 points right there sequentially. And then maybe just to round out another response here, really be around residential as it continues to normalize. We did a little better in the third quarter on revenues. Our constructive view around residential for the full year hasn't changed with revenues down around mid-single digits. So we're very focused on making sure inventory in the channel is positioned well for the start of 2024. So we would expect that normalization to continue really into the fourth quarter. So hope that gives you a little bit of some view here on how we think about Q3 to Q4. But let's not forget maybe the first point, the commercial HVAC on tough comps, we had 40% growth in EMEA last year, 30% growth in Asia last year, really toughest comp of the quarter.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, Andy, it's a great question. And I would say we go into every year looking at incrementals in the 25% or better category, right? And we'll dial that in as we get a little closer to 2024. But we continue to see this dovetail of the contributions from growth price normalizing, with the gross productivity getting better as we work through the quarter this year -- the quarters this year. The supply chain has continued to improve. With that, the volume growth has continued to grow each and every quarter. We delivered around 5 points of volume growth here in the third quarter. And with that, the inefficiencies, as you said, it was hard to get that productivity the last couple of years. The inefficiencies have gotten less. So there's a lot of room to go here. We're starting to see some of the benefits of that in 2023, but this will be a continued opportunity for us as we go into 2024 really and beyond.  We're really getting back to the DNA of the company, right? The ability for us to drive the lean culture and look at cost takeout and ultimately lean through with automation in our factories, these are all investments we're making this year. And we're able to pivot the workforce to focus on that versus the supply chain challenges over the last few years.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes. I think for Americas, it [indiscernible] through middle of '24, Gautam. And I think for Europe, it may be open for a bit longer than that. But to Dave's point, the order book would really only be for 2024 at this point.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, Chris. It's Chris. I'll start. This is why we want to make sure it's important that investors look at growth rates as well as backlog position and just absolute bookings levels, right? I think the trends around decarbonization, and as you mentioned just before, customers putting out emissions targets, we see these as long-term tailwinds. Growth around data centers appears to be a multiyear tailwind as we think about the need for data and for saving data and to process data. So we see this as some longer-term tailwinds. When we think about the beginning of the year, we guided ending backlog down to around $6 billion, and that would have implied bookings down around 5%, 6%. But even on a down 5% or 6%, that would have been still very elevated levels in terms of absolute bookings, and we continue to see that strength here through the third quarter. So I would say the trends, we don't necessarily see, as abating. Could we find some quarters where the backlog will start to normalize or bookings growth will be negative? I guess we could. But I would just encourage people to look at absolute bookings levels because when you look at 2-year stacks, 3-year stacks around bookings growth, they're significant. You think about commercial HVAC in the Americas, a 3-year booking stack of over...
Christopher Kuehn: 65%. So the fact is if we went down 5 points in a given period, you still have to subtract that from 65% points of growth. So maybe a bit of a long answer to your question, but where we're confident we've got a long-term tailwind here.
Christopher Kuehn: Joe, it's Chris. No, we're not. I think while certainly interest rates have gone in the negative direction on paybacks, I would tell you that the change in paybacks is minor when we think about the energy-efficient systems that we're able to quote customers. A payback may have gone from 2, 2.5 years to 3-ish years now with interest rates. So the fact is there's still very strong paybacks when you're implementing some of these solutions. So we're not seeing that right now.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes. We'll dial it in a little bit further, Joe, as we get a couple of months from now. But we do target, from a price inflation measure, let's say, a spread of 20 to 30 basis points in a normal year. We'll dial that in as we get closer to next year. To Dave's earlier point, we're making sure we're pricing for innovation and also long-term customer relationships. So I'm confident that we'll have a good set of numbers there. We're going to target positive on a dollar basis and a margin basis on price versus inflation. And we've been able to demonstrate that for the last 3 years, so I have a lot of confidence our teams will be able to do that going forward.
Christopher Kuehn: They're strong, Steve, is what I would answer. We track about 14 verticals in the Americas. And certainly, office and warehousing would be areas, retail, that'd be a little bit weaker today. I know the office vertical has a number of things kind of buried in it today. We've been lobbying to try to break that out, just given demand on warehouse and data centers. But I won't dial it in specifically but we like our positioning here. And what I think is, again, most important with the direct sales force is their ability that if a vertical is slower like office, the ability to pivot into another vertical is really...
Christopher Kuehn: Jeff, I'll start. I mean, I think the lead times are still a bit extended in applied systems, getting better certainly from where we were beginning of the year. Same in unitary, getting better. So I think as the lead times come in a bit, you may see where the backlog contracts a bit over time. It is elevated today. You're right, 90% of the backlog would relate to our global commercial HVAC business. And when you think about our commercial businesses, including Thermo King, it's over 95%. So it gives us a lot of visibility into what we think 2024 would be with some healthy growth. But let's see how the policy stacking effects that continue to positively affect us and order rates. Mega projects, as Dave said, are ahead of us here in terms of bookings. And applied, these are long-cycle kind of projects. Let's see how this plays out. We think it can be elevated for longer, but it will start to normalize at some point.
Christopher Kuehn: Jeff, I would say from an IRA perspective, that's really all in front of us. I don't think that's necessarily in the backlog today. But from an ESSER funding for several years now, we've had projects and making sure that over the summer months when schools are open, we're ready to service and upgrade equipment. So I think that's certainly been the backlog for a while. Data centers continues to elevate and we see it as a long-term tail. But CHIPS and Science Act, we don't have that dialed in but that would be one where I guess you could specifically say this is driving this demand. But in the data center, there's no -- that's more about just pure demand for data centers right now.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, I'll start with your second question, Nigel. As we think about the backlog that runs out 1 year, 1.5 years, we're making sure that we've got the right cost escalators built in. And it could be a reference to an external index or it could be where we've put cost inflators into the project to ultimately make sure we're pricing effectively. So I think we've got that embedded in the backlog right now on a best view. And the teams have done an outstanding job with this over the last 3-plus years in the inflationary environment to stay ahead on inflation. Yes. Look, I think pricing will remain a way for us to continue to drive with our innovative products, making sure we're pricing effectively. It's going to be healthy. I just want to get 3 more months ahead of us here before we dial it in for 2024. But I am confident that as we think about the cost environment and the innovation of our products, we're going to make sure we're pricing effectively. And again, making sure we've got long-term customer relationships here, as Dave described, with the applied business, we want to make sure that the services business continues to grow with that, which we can and it will. And that, of course, brings with itself healthy margins. So we're well positioned for next year. Just give us a little more time to dial that in.
Christopher Kuehn: Andrew, I'll start. As I think about the third quarter, we really were able to execute across all parts of the P&L to drive leverage and gross margin expansion. So the price execution versus inflation, as I said earlier, it was positive on a margin and dollar basis. There are areas, though, of inflation, especially in tier 2 around wage and energy inflation that are impacting the business. So it was a positive. The incrementals on volume and 5 points of volume in the quarter so we like those incrementals. And we've continued to invest in the business as well, right? We're still targeting for the full year around 70 basis points of incremental investment above a 40 basis point normal. So all parts of the P&L are really working. But I would tell you the productivity opportunity for us as price comes back to a bit more of a normalized level, that is really the opportunity for us going forward to really continue to drive 25% or better incrementals.
