Michael Lamach: Thanks, Sue. And if you move to Slide 17, we'll begin our guidance conversation with some color around our end markets. As always, our intention is to give you our best view as we know it today and how that translates to our revenue outlook for 2017. We've broken it down by major end markets and geographies.  We expect North American Commercial HVAC and Residential HVAC to show a continuing growth. In North America, 50% of our commercial business is parts, service and controls, and we are seeing strong demand in all these areas as well as for upgrades and energy retrofits. Residential replacement, which makes up approximately 80% of the total market, closed the year on a strong note, and we expect to see continuing growth next year in both replacement and new construction.  Commercial HVAC markets in EMEA and Asia are expected to be flat. We expect Latin America to be up mid- to high-single digit. Transport markets in the Americas will be down from lower volumes for trailers and auxiliary power units, partially offset by trucks. North American trailer volumes are expected to decline by low-teens. Transport Europe is expected to be up based on truck and trailer sales and a bottoming of the marine container market. Asia Pacific was up high-teens last year, and we expect continued growth in 2017 on its smaller base.  Global Industrial markets are generally improving, but still remain soft. We believe we are seeing a bottoming trend in our general industrial markets in the U.S. and the Eurozone as PMIs have improved over the last several months. We have also seen some order improvement in our short-cycle Industrial businesses. While this is a positive, the modest rise in Industrial production suggests a gradual recovery, with bumps along the way. Industrial markets in Asia remain under pressure due to excess capacity in many key industries. The large engineered compressor market is expected to show signs of improvement due to stabilizing activity in energy markets and heavy industry.  While expecting year-over-year orders to be up, revenue will decline due to depressed 2016 order levels and the average lead time of 12 to 18 months for this type of product. Excluding these longer lead time products, we expect our Industrial segment to be flat to slightly up.  Golf and utility vehicle markets are generally flat to slightly up across all regions. Golf is expected to be flat, and we expect to see some growth in our consumer and utility vehicle markets. All of the growth forecasts shown are on an organic basis. We are forecasting mid-single-digit growth in commercial HVAC in total, mid-single-digit growth in residential HVAC, which is essentially North American business for us, and revenues down low single-digits in Transport. We expect Compression Technologies and Industrial products, which includes our power tools, material handling and Fluid Management businesses, to be down low single-digits. And we expect Club Car to be up low single-digits.  With that overview as a backdrop, we'll move into 2017 guidance. Before Sue takes you through guidance, I know some of you know that we recently completed in-depth interviews with the investment community to better understand how Ingersoll Rand is perceived and what we might do better to improve in our communications. We just received the results, and we'll be incorporating changes that reflect investor feedback going forward. Thank you to all of you who participated.  One of the changes highlighted in the feedback was investor preference for the timing of company guidance. Overwhelmingly, investors said they had a preference for annual guidance with quarterly updates versus quarterly guidance. We have adopted this beginning with the annual guidance for 2017. Annual guidance is also much more aligned with the way in which we make decisions and manage the business internally, with a focus on building a better business over the long term. For those of you who prefer quarterly guidance, we'll get through the transition together and make sure it goes as smoothly as it can.  And now I'll turn it over to Sue for specifics on guidance. 
Michael Lamach: Thanks, Sue. The first topic discussed is our U.S. manufacturing base. I think you're all aware we operate on a region of use philosophy. We localize manufacturing in the supply chain to help us achieve greater speed to market and implement local product preferences. 95% of Ingersoll Rand products sold in the U.S. are manufactured in the U.S.  Regarding components, we are likely less exposed as compared to other diversified industrials because of our focus on lean, and in particular, cycle time reduction. We've actually, through the years, been willing to sacrifice some price for faster delivery, meaning the source is coming from within the U.S. I think this issue is a bigger issue for companies that are importing finished goods into the U.S. such as consumer products or electronic companies. We are definitely a net exporter.  The second topic is around the U.S. corporate tax rate. As you know, approximately 65% of our revenues are derived from the U.S. And therefore, we pay a significant amount of U.S. corporate taxes. If there is a reduction in the U.S. corporate tax rate, we would expect to benefit from it.  Turning to Slide 22. I know we'll receive questions on the status of Industrial. Fourth quarter was above the guidance we gave in revenue and operating margin. We saw growth in several vertical markets, including food, pharma and tech as well as with our compressor aftermarket business, which was up 3%, as I mentioned earlier. However, we continue to see soft markets in large compressors and in the energy markets. We have seen some bottoming with order for our shorter-cycle businesses such as Power Tools and Fluid Management, both up in the fourth quarter. As I indicated earlier, we expect the industrial markets to stabilize in 2017, although we cannot declare a definitive turning point. Excluding large compressors, we expect Industrial to be flat to slightly up, and we do expect to realize margin expansion through our operational excellence initiatives, new product launches, restructuring actions and ongoing cost reductions.  Covering our transport business, you'll recall last year, we had a better-than-anticipated first half, a decline in activity in the second half, as we expected. For 2017 overall, we expect Thermo King revenues to be down low single-digits year-over-year. The North American trailer industry is expected to be down low teens year-over-year. We're also expecting a continuation for a relatively soft market for auxiliary power units and marine containers. Those declines will be partially offset by gains in Europe, Asia and aftermarket revenues. Through restructuring and efficiency, we would expect only a minor erosion of record 2016 operating margins.  Moving to Slide 23, I'll touch on currency as a headwind for us in 2017. About 35% or $4.8 billion of our revenues are outside of the U.S. Our 2017 forecast has built in the continuing strength of the U.S. dollar, which will impact us most notably in the euro and Asian currencies. Overall, we expect a 1% drag on our revenues from currency translation, which will have about $0.10 negative impact on our EPS.  And finally, we know material inflation is top-of-mind. We have 10 basis points positive price, covering material inflation in our guidance. And of course, we're working to increase that even further. We've been through various cycles and have a strong history of capturing price to material inflation. This long track record of managing price demonstrates to shareholders the discipline that exists with our people, systems and processes.  So in closing, on Slide 24, we built a stronger, more valuable and less cyclical Ingersoll Rand. I'm proud of our employees who delivered a record 2016 performance, and that make us a more sustainable company in every way. I am confident in our management team to execute our 2017 plan. We will maximize growth and focus on productivity and cost where markets are not accelerating. Our Commercial and Residential HVAC businesses are strong and focused on growth areas with equipment, controls and service. Our Transport Refrigeration business is diverse and agile and will execute their strategy as they typically do. Our Industrial businesses are focused on margin expansion as markets stabilize. As a result, I'm confident we'll continue to deliver top-tier financial performance.  And with that, Sue and I will now be happy to take your questions. 
Michael Lamach: Sue won't say this, but I'll say it. She did a great job and her team training the organization of something we had fun with, called "in the know on cash flow." We had everybody in the organization go through that with the purpose to explain that everybody in the company has got something to do with cash flow. And people got excited about its story. It's really kind of pushing through. And I think that level of engagement is a factor. Somewhere in there, it made a big difference around people really exceeding this. 
Michael Lamach: Shannon, we just -- it was amazing in that it was across the globe and it was across unitary flag controls and service. So I mean, it was just across the board. We didn't have a single pocket of weakness really anywhere in the world, which is reassuring to us, and that's a broad-based approach. And that, I think, gave us confidence around the guide we gave for the year around pretty good growth continuing into 2017. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. First, I would say, Nigel, that you have to go back and realize that it's been investments sustained over time and product launches have been occurring at a high rate for some time. I think we've got the best channel in the world in terms of the people out there that are systems experts capable of bringing those stuff to the market. And we got the largest, that we know of, field service force in the world around HVAC systems, over 4,500 people out delivering that are employees of the company. And you combine them all together with investments in digital. And I feel like it's been not a flash in the pan around something happening in the fourth quarter. It's been good for a long time. And it's up to us to continue to innovate and to continue invest in the channel. Half the investments or more than we're making in 2017, again, go back into the channel itself, not just into product. We look at Compression Technologies, similar investments happening there, we're seeing good growth on the service side. You had asked reference to CAPCO, you have to look at CAPCO, and there's a 5-point swing just in currency. CAPCO would have shown a 3-point gain, we show a 2-point headwind in currency, 5-point net. We back out, look at the organic growth, I think they were minus 5, we were minus 4. There's other subtleties in the business, but look, we're all, I think in the compressor business, looking forward to brighter days. I don't think there's a read-through when you do the side-by-side math between CAPCO and us around the difference in performance. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I think you had it right in your note this morning, Nigel. $1.5 billion is what we're saying we're targeting to deploy in 2017. And $250 million of that, we've already said, look, that's going to control any kind of dilution in share count. It leaves $1.25 billion left, and we're going to be really smart about how to deploy that. So very patient, very selective around the M&A front. And we're going to be patient around share repurchase. But between the 2, we expect to deploy $1.25 billion, and we're just going to update you as we go through the year. It's difficult to forecast that on an EPS basis because certainly, on share count, it matters when and where you buy shares during the year through average back in. And M&A, clearly, on a GAAP basis, EPS accretion is difficult to see in a partial year, maybe even within the first full year. So it's difficult to forecast that. It's dependent on the actual target. 
Michael Lamach: Steve, so fundamentally on that, we're really going to discuss sort of where that's going as we deploy it because we want to make sure that we're in front of that internally versus speaking to it externally. But in a lot of the cases where we've been sort of on the fence with doing some things, we found opportunities within those business cases. Examples might be where real estate values would have changed in the underlying idea, and so there might be an opportunity to consolidate a footprint that we didn't have in the past. So there's a fair bit of that going on as well. So we've got sort of ideas around that $50 million, and we're going to update you as we go, but it's a good placeholder for now. And so [indiscernible] 
Michael Lamach: Yes. So -- yes, well on the $50 million, we'll probably see $10 million in '17. Then we'll go to something more full run rate, probably $20 million in '18 on that $50 million. 
Michael Lamach: From a seasonality perspective, Steve, we went back over 5 years, and we're pretty much now, I think, dialing in. So first quarter usually is kind of 10% to 12% of EPS for the year. And then we're kind of a front half, back half 45%, 55% sort of company. You shouldn't get too far off with that sort of math going. Steve, before you cut off too, I want to thank you for spending as much time as you did at the ASHRAE show with our team. They really appreciated you stopping and spending time with them. 
Michael Lamach: Joe, recognizing you've been with us now a couple of years, but if you go back all the way to 2010, I know personally, even late 2009, we put in place and have been adapting and training to all the methods and tools for pricing and systems around the company. So there is a lot of rigor in the operating system around that, a lot of reporting and remediation around that, mitigation around that. So on a topic like this, you'd have to go back to a 7-year record of every year, being able to deliver on that. I don't suggest that it's going to change in 2017. So it's a little bit here on the benefit of the doubt associated with the tools and the methods of training that we've done over the years. 
Michael Lamach: Well, two factors that always play here. One is around which side of customers are buying and which are not. And you'll see anomalies quarter to quarter about kind of who came to the table. So in the fourth quarter, certainly our customers came to the table and placed orders, which is great. The second, really, piece of this thing is that it's awfully early to call. ACT is saying 43,000 units. We've got about 40,000. If you want to write back to ACT, now you're sort of in that range that our competitor would have outlined for you. We tend to think historically, with the exception of last year, that they kind of met in the middle somewhere. So we're a little bit more conservative around the 40,000-unit ACT number versus 43,000. That's probably explaining the difference now we're seeing in the market. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. One of the things, Andrew, when it comes to infrastructure and cybersecurity, which are often related, I think once you have the idea that you need to do something or want to do something, I think that common thinking would be that sooner is typically better than later, if you think that you've got something you want to plug. That's generally sort of the thought process, the management decision to do that. It's also why, frankly, you should always understand we're trying to do the right things for the long run, not for the quarter. So that in and of itself may not have been the difference. I mean, it was more the other discrete items that are difficult, if not impossible, to forecast, stock-based comp, incentive comp, certainly get that packed by legal entity as opposed to tax by geography or business unit is more nuanced. But that's one where, generally speaking, if you need to spend it, sooner is typically better than later, and that's been our approach. 
Michael Lamach: And just to be clear, and what Sue said, so '15, '16, '17, the core functional costs have been absolutely flat, which has been our objective, what we're driving to. All the swing you see are in things like stock-based comp, pensions, adjustments that are really happening sort of around those core functional costs. 
Michael Lamach: Andrew, the only comparison I think we made was comparing Q4 '16 to Q4 '15 because Q4 '15 had that mammoth load of Cameron shipments, which drove the difficult comp for quarter 4. Not a lot of seasonality in Industrial beyond that, that we would call out, with the exception that, for some reason, with large compressors, the kind that are put into gas and energy applications, have tended to been more fourth quarter loaded. But I'm not sure that that's an actual seasonal phenomenon as opposed to sort of when we're booking and shipping orders. 
Michael Lamach: No prebuy involved, but I think you know that the res product is fundamentally 100% new over the past 3 years. We've got just a few little things we're tweaking. And we found that as the mixes move, the 14 SEER and above, this is playing really well in our dealer base. So I think this is just -- going back to the commercial discussion, it's been long-term investment and getting the product portfolio right long-term investment and repositioning our dealer base to be able to sell low, medium and high price point product, penetration into the residential construction market, penetration into the owner-occupied but nonresident market, which is another market that we've had some good success with. So I guess, good hard product development, channel development and sticking to a strategy here over the long run. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, looks better with the lift kit, too, Deane. So look at that picture, that's what you need is big wheels and a lift kit. That's what I'm going to get. Anyway, yes, no, we're -- it's an organic focus because we think the brand's got legs. We think that we've always focused on consumer -- on golf and utility. And it's a real concerted effort to penetrate the consumer low-speed vehicle market and personal vehicle market. Not -- this is golf and car communities, small vehicle communities. This is hospitality and recreation venues. This isn't 65 miles an hour running through rough country. 
Michael Lamach: Well, it was a really great fourth quarter. I think that you're going to see sort of a more moderate view toward Asia, kind of mid-single digit in Asia for the full year. So it just happened to be the opportunity to book a tremendous amount of orders, with the small group of customers that are buying large, and it's going to be lumpy. But I still think it's kind of a -- it's going to be a cycle, and you're going to see sort of mid-single digit at the end of day. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, it has to do with really the count of offshore rigs increasing. That's probably the biggest determinant. Land rigs have an effect, but the content that we provide in a land rig versus an offshore rig are going to be dramatically different. So I'm pleased to see really utilization of offshore rigs. You're not going to see a full recovery in that business. Incredible margins, fantastic business. That's why it hurts when it's actually down. You really have a dramatic effect on the margins for the segment. Frankly, it's about 1 point in the fourth quarter. So small business, big impact. We love it when it's up; it hurts when it's down. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Steve, look. One of the things here is we have a very definitive plan of what we're doing. I'm not going to disclose it here for strategic reasons to do that, but I'll tell you that it's a source of investment in Q4. It's a large business in Asia, and it's growing. And we make and codevelop our own product there with partners. Here, our growth rates are higher than the rates you're reporting. So we're seeing higher growth rates in our unitary business and higher growth rates than what you're seeing. Our focus really is on the VRF business, not on the mini-split business. We think that's where the value is. That's where controls matter. That's where hybrid systems come into play. It's where our channel works and where service is a possibility. So again, our focus is on VRF. You've seen Trane-branded product there in the U.S. Mini-splits, we're a bit more agnostic that we serve the market. We're not as caught up in whether that says Trane or Trane of somebody else or somebody else going through our market. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think that whether it's 3.6 or 4 and whether inventory turns are 6.8 or 6.9 really isn't what we're trying to do. We're trying to do is get 100% on-time customer shipment at cycle times that competitors can't deal with and pick up all the discretionary business that's out there to get. And we want a balance between the two. As long as we're growing margins and growing share, we feel like it's a good formula. So the place to put the gas down isn't on creating a problem where you're inadvertently creating a situation where you're not competing in the area that you want to compete. So Steve, you know this as well as anybody that really that cycle time conversion and that compression and cycle time is worth something, not just in working capital but on growth and operating margins. And so that's always been our focus. And so whether it's 3 6 or 4, it's not as important to us. It's -- we know it's already, if not the best, it's certainly top quartile working capital, top quartile inventory turns. And our return on invested capital last year was almost 24% as a company. Cash flow return on invested capital was 24%. I mean, so let's grow the company, and let's grow margins. 
Susan Carter: Thanks, Mike. Please go to Slide 18. Moving on to our guidance, we expect total organic revenues to be up approximately 3% in 2017. We expect the Climate segment to continue to show good growth of approximately 4% organic. For the Industrial segment, we expect the markets overall to be pretty flat, but for our organic revenues to be down slightly given the high volume of large compressors we shipped out of backlog in 2016, which will make for tougher compares in 2017. The difference between our organic and reported revenue contemplates about 1 percentage point of negative foreign exchange from a strengthening U.S. dollar outlook.  For the enterprise, we expect adjusted operating margins of between 12.2% and 12.6%. We expect adjusted operating margins for the Climate segment to be in the range of 14.5% to 15% and in the range of 11% to 12% for the Industrial segment.  Please go to Slide 19. We expect continuing adjusted earnings per share for 2017 to be in the range of $4.30 to $4.50, excluding about $0.15 of restructuring.  The company also provides the following guidance. Share count is expected to be approximately 262 million shares. Target free cash flow is 100% of net income. The tax rate is expected to be between 21% and 22%. Corporate, general and administrative expenses are expected to be approximately $240 million. And capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $250 million.  Please go to Slide 20. Relative to the company's plans for capital allocation, investing in the business is our highest priority, so we continue to make investments in innovation and growth in things like wireless and digital and connected capabilities, productivity, sustainability and in our employees, just to name a few areas. Paying a highly competitive dividend is also a key priority for us. And based on our most recent dividend raise last October to $1.60 per share, we expect to spend approximately $420 million on dividends in 2017.  In 2017, we're also targeting spending approximately $1.5 billion between a combination of share buybacks and acquisitions. Maintaining a strong balance sheet also remains a priority and provides us optionality as our markets continue to evolve. Let's go to Slide 21.  And now I'd like to turn the call back over to Mike to discuss a few of the key topics we know are on the minds of investors as we enter 2017. 
Susan Carter: Shannon, that one's a -- that's a great question for us. Free cash flow was really strong in 2016 because we really focused on all of the basic fundamentals. What we wanted was we wanted our operating income to flow through to cash flow, so we were very focused on making sure that on the accounts receivable side that our terms for our customers were balanced with our terms for our suppliers. We went after disputes. We went and talked to our customers that had past dues. We worked with the supply base on accounts payable terms. And we also did a lot of work on our inventory processes as part of the business operating system. So we really, really focused on getting the operating income to drop through, getting the working capital to a level that was not only good but also sustainable. And then our spending on other items, we didn't limit anything on CapEx, to your point. We didn't do anything like that. We ask for good investments as a part of the business. So we actually used free cash flow in a very good way in 2016, and we had a very good result. And I think another point to give you on not only was free cash flow excellent based on the performance of each of our businesses and the core group folks, but it was also pretty evenly measured throughout 2016 as opposed to being a very lumpy free cash flow. So I think everything came together for that in 2016. 
Susan Carter: No. There was really nothing that was unusual about the 2016 performance, Steve. What I did is I look at 2017, as I did a couple of things. One, on working capital, I was really allowing working capital to go back up to around the 4% level, and I'll tell you why. As our markets are a little bit lumpy, choppy, some of them recovering, I want to make sure that our businesses have the option to have inventory on hand so that not only can we meet customer requirements, but that we can meet on-time delivery requirements. So I'm giving us room for a little more working capital. And really, I'm primarily talking about inventory in terms of 2017. The other part of that is our capital expenditures are actually going up a bit year-over-year. I gave you a guide of $250 million. And really, the majority of the increase in the CapEx year-over-year is really in our factories, in productivity producing projects and things like, primarily, precision machining in the factory. So I gave a little room for all of that, and that really takes it down to the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion level. 
Susan Carter: Sure, Joe. Let me start out and give you some basic parameters around this. So we knew going into Q4 that we were going to be in an inflationary environment for steel. Pricing did not offset the inflation in the fourth quarter, so we were down 40 basis points, as you saw on the slides and heard from our commentary. As we look at 2017, we've got that currently pegged at price over material inflation at about 10 basis points, really working towards trying to get back to our norm of 20 to 30 basis points. But let me talk a little bit about what's happening in 2017. So if you think about what drives the material inflation, it's really all around steel. The nonferrous, so the copper and the aluminum, first of all, we're locked about 68% on copper going into 2017, but those should be relatively flat, so neither inflationary or deflationary as we see it right now. Steel has 2 components to it, one of which is just the raw commodity that's there. And then an even bigger part of that is actually the Tier 2 materials that contain steel that become inflationary. And one of the questions that I ask our group and wanted to pass on as we think about that is my question was, can we just really negotiate with the supply base? And part of this is really on how we've done contracts and written in escalation clauses. So long story short, steel and components that contain steel are going to be inflationary in 2017. And like I say, we'll continue to work price as we go throughout the organization. Now when you think about pricing, you think about different areas. We've been successful at getting price in both of our segments in 2016, and I think we'll get price in both segments in 2017. Asia is going to be tough. That one's an interesting market. Some of the others, again, price is not for us just a catalog and a price on a particular item. We're baking price into every engineered order type of project as we go along. So again, pricing is going to be a work in progress. I think there is going to be a little pressure on that as we go into 2017, but inflation comes from steel. 
Susan Carter: And I would just add just a little bit to that, Andrew, in terms of, if you look at the full year of 2016, we started out the year and we obviously talked pretty regularly to all of the teams around the company. And we really said, don't let our cost get out ahead of what the revenue profile is. So if you looked at corporate cost for really the first 3 quarters of 2016, you would see that our run rate was actually under what would be typical for a $240 million year. That doesn't mean that because you're under, you should go out and do some things. But it also adds to part of the thinking when you get to an area where you have some items that you need to spend money on, you just -- you go forward and say, for the year, our cost, whether it's in IT, whether it's in legal, HR, finance, whatever part of our functional spending are actually flat from 2015 to 2016 and actually will be flat into 2017. So there's also a little bit of a timing element that is a part of that, too. It doesn't explain the difference in the guidance, but I also wanted to give you some context of what we were thinking as we went into the fourth quarter. 
Susan Carter: No, Andrew. I think the comment that we were actually making in, perhaps we didn't make it as well, is we thought was that what we didn't want anyone to do was to take and draw a straight line on margin improvement each and every quarter in the Industrial business. We were saying that it could be a little bit lumpy from quarter-to-quarter and would follow its typical pattern. So we just didn't want anybody to get concerned if there was some variation there. So it was a pretty simple comment that might have been confusing. 
Susan Carter: And I think, Deane, from -- you asked a question on SEER. So as we went through 2016, the 14 -- the 13 and 14 SEER kind of combined for roughly about 50% of our revenues. And then the 15 SEER and greater was a smaller percent. So really, really, what you saw was the 13 SEER going to the 14 SEER product and the 15 SEER and above sort of stayed the same. 
