Michael Lamach: Thank you, Sue. So in closing on Slide 20, we are executing our 2017 plan and building a thriving, more valuable Ingersoll Rand. I'm proud of our employees who successfully executed our strategy and delivered another strong financial and operational quarter for the company. We expect to see continued top-tier revenue and operating margin improvement in the back half of the year. Our robust revenue and booking performance gives us the optionality to make continued investments in the business to further improve our competitive positioning for the long run while, at the same time, raising our financial targets for 2017. To summarize, our Climate segment remains strong, led by our Commercial and Residential HVAC businesses, which are focused on growth areas with equipment, controls and service. Our Transport Refrigeration business is diverse and agile and will execute their strategy as they typically do. Our Industrial business is on track and is delivering steady, consistent improvement. We have a tremendous depth of talented people and our culture remains as strong as ever. And taken together, I'm confident that, with this formula, we'll continue to deliver top-tier financial and operating performance. And with that, Sue and I will now be happy to take your questions. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I'd start by saying, Nigel, that as far as price goes, most competitive pricing is happening where you've got overcapacity of OEMs in areas like China or there's some economic difficulty like the Middle East or Latin America. Surprisingly, there it's definitely more difficult. We've watched inflation persist. We've watched it move into refrigerants as an example into the second quarter. Now the volumes that we delivered were much higher than the volumes that we had forecasted so we ended up in the spot market to a much greater extent than we did sort of the hedged view of the world. So our look -- our outlook for the back half of the year now looks a lot like the first half of the year. We would expect sort of a 50 basis point -- 40, 50 basis point negative spread. So we think we're not expecting any more price. It's about the same amount of price as we've got in the first half of the year and a fairly conservative view around where we think direct -- or inflation goes. We're still going to raise margins in the back half of the year and we're going to do that and still continually invest in the company. And Climate would be a great example that even where it's holding true that price material inflation spread is the same as the back half of the year, the investments are about twice the rate they were in the first half of the year. So I think the formula pertaining to invest in growth and invest in productivity is just another area of the income statement for us to go attack as we would normally do, not just the price material inflation piece of the P&L. 
Michael Lamach: First, Nigel, we've got to answer your 232 question and just really quickly on that. Steel prices, for us, are fairly well set now for the balance of the year. So between inventory and pricing that's out there, that rolls through the balance of the year. You would think we've got steel fairly well set in terms of our outlook for the balance of the year. Now going to markets, our view all along is that, at some point, you would see a positive but declining growth rate in the overall unitary market, particularly as it relates to commercial buildings. And I think that is definitely store outlook for the back half of the year, but offsetting that, we still think that we're sort of more in the early innings of the Applied business in the institutional markets and still have a nice pipeline moving through 2018 in that regard. 
Michael Lamach: Well, for me, no. It's really looking at those large orders and the timing of that and then just looking at customer deliveries. So we had a, really a pleasant surprise in the first half of the year that the book-and-turn business was better than we had anticipated and we saw it across the board in Power Tools, Fluid Management and even in the consumer vehicle and Club Car. So there could be some upside to that number if the book-and-turn continues at the same rate, but what really drives the big revenue for us is -- are the bigger projects and we've got those scheduled out pretty tightly. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. We did great in the quarter. I mean, if you look back all last year, I think our bookings growth was double-digit so we're really coming off tough comps. What you're really seeing here is last year, at the same time, we booked a $100-plus million single contract. And we have those in the pipeline, but you can't predict exactly when they're going to fall. We don't bake the business around it. We don't determine our cost structure and investment schedules around whether or not that stuff comes or goes, but the markets have been strong, they remain strong. The shared data remains in our favor universally across all product categories, certainly in Service and across the globe. So we're happy with what's going on. We invested in growth and we feel like we're getting it, Andy. So I don't -- I'm as optimistic as I was coming into the year about the back half of the year in our Commercial HVAC business. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Joe. Remember, too, that every single part of the company with the exception of Commercial HVAC had price that exceeded material inflation. If you focus solely on Commercial HVAC, it's much easier to maintain that price cost relationship in the unitary business than it, say, would be in the Applied business. We're at pricing today, 6, 9, 12 months out into the future. So if inflation shoots up dramatically in case of refrigerants as an example, which are used extensively in great volumes in applied equipment, you're going to see that you didn't cover it. So it's really isolated to that Commercial HVAC business and, again, to the markets that are most competitive and into a larger equipment where you sometimes have a hard time getting in front of it when it moves up dramatically for really no reason. 
Michael Lamach: Joe, one thing, too, just interesting that we were talking about was if you look at the Parts business specifically, the Parts business is actually growing but quite slowly, just above low single digits, really low single digits. And you're seeing just a ton more replacement, whether it's on the Residential side or even on the sort of the Commercial side of the business where high margin Parts business is being -- obviously people are replacing rather than repairing. That's happening across the portfolio, too. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think the market is actually going to grow in that mid-single-digit range so that's the market in North America. As it stands, I mean, I think, Steve, slower unitary growth and accelerating Applied growth with the wild card being these larger energy services projects that we do at times that can impact the data. So that mid-single-digit growth rate, say, a healthy growth rate and if you can do any better than that, you're probably gaining share. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Total productivity steps up in the back half of the year for sure and that's programmed in, so those are projects that are in flight. So I feel that's pretty near in for us, a quarter or 2 out, to go look at that and that's certainly part of how we're trying to ensure that we still grow operating margin in the back half of the year and, again, sort of 30 to 50 basis points for the full year as well. But that's a good pick up, Julian. That's exactly right. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, price volume mix was all a little bit better than what we had thought so that was certainly a positive, but there's been a lot of productivity work over the last 18 months, 2 years in that business and we're seeing some of the highest productivity now in the company coming through as a result of that. Some of that has been restructuring and other elements have just been changes to the business model that we've made. So it's been an excellent performance to date. We think it will continue, but what's a bit of a wild card is just where we think price would really -- I'm sorry, where volume settles out for the back half of the year in terms of how much we can actually ship in the back half of the year. 
Michael Lamach: And I've got a lot of just personal confidence the way that, that team is executing through, Julian. They're delivering on exactly what was committed to on our May Investor Day. And it said through the operating reviews, you just see the cadence there and the delivery has been commensurate with that. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, the leverage is not that different in the first half. It's marginally better in the back half than the front half, but the largest difference really is in the investments area where, again, it's about twice the rate as the first half. 
Michael Lamach: So far, so good. If you remember in May, we talked about one of the things that consumers really asked for was more transparency in pricing. And so we launched and we're first to launch now, nationally, a model where we've worked with our dealers to be able to give homeowners a fairly tight range of what an installed system would look like. And we're seeing uptake on that from the web. We're seeing close rates that are well above what they were sort of in the conventional way. So look, I think that simplifying the consumer experience and being more transparent around that is a good thing and it's something that we intend to lead and/or participate in with other leading companies that think that way. 
Michael Lamach: Well, Resi is covering material inflation and expanding margins and we're growing share. I mean, I wish we would have got 20 basis points more growth. We could have said it was 20%. So I mean, we had a heck of a good quarter. I don't think we need to do anything different there other than continue to do what we're doing and execute the way we've been executing. So I feel like that's in good shape and I think the industry is in good shape. 
Michael Lamach: Just like that, we could manage the whole income statement to deliver on the commitment we gave at the beginning of the year. So we're halfway through the year. We're now at the top end of our guidance range, which is a good thing. And as long as we've got good investments for the long run, we're going to make those investments. So I think it's happened to us before where the fourth quarter has rolled around and there was an opportunity to do something good for the business in the long run and we've done that. So we're not going to sacrifice a quarter to make a consensus number, that's for sure, but we are going to go deliver on the commitments we've made, which we're doing this year and, hopefully, we can top those. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. The year-to-date is where we were as of today in terms of share buyback. The acquisition, the $65 million is where we are in terms of buyback. The $1.5 million is still the commitment on total deployment. The $300 million to $500 million of actionable and affordable M&A is still what we're looking at. Although there's been changes within the pipeline, it's still $300 million to $500 million. If I snapped the line today as compared to last quarter, I would tell you that the biasing will be much more close to the $500 million than it would the $300 million. That would be the -- really the update I would give you here. 
Michael Lamach: Well, it's a very diverse business so you have to think about what part of Thermo King are you talking about and what we're seeing right now is really excellent growth in areas like auxiliary power unit bookings or in total aftermarket or in the total truck business. So remember that TK is not just a trailer business, but it's a Class 3 to 7 truck business so that business was up high teens for us, the truck business. We've got other in there, which is bus, rail and air. So there are a number of positives. And then, again, you're comping at a little better -- just a touch better North American market than we thought; a weaker EMEA than we thought, particularly Western Europe; a stronger Eastern Europe than we thought. That, we're just slightly right on -- slightly above where we thought we would be for the total year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. So quarter one, you'd add high single-digit global Commercial HVAC bookings. Quarter 2, pullout a $111 million single contract. You're up at 4.5% growth in quarter 2. And then, look, the outlook for the balance of the year continues to be strong so -- against tough comps so... 
Michael Lamach: Well, quarter one of '16, but yes, you've got -- in North America, you've got into a 12% growth number compared to quarter 2 of last year. So that's probably what you're thinking about is the 12% from last year in quarter 2 in North America. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Robert, to go through the whole business that way would be difficult to do probably on the call, but again, we didn't plan on roughly 20% Residential HVAC growth in the quarter. We didn't plan on the Commercial unitary business delivering at the rates that it did. So the strategy there is working across our Commercial unitary business. We're growing nicely there. I mean, the North America Commercial unitary business in the quarter grew double-digit again. So we weren't forecasting double-digit again off a double-digit growth prior year in the Commercial North America unitary business. So we're just seeing strong markets and -- well above our projections. I mean, the really exciting thing for me is that we were able to execute on that flawlessly. We took that volume. We worked with suppliers. We ran our operations and plans set. Meaningfully higher revenues than we had thought and executed well. The only downside of that was you're out in the spot market picking up steel, copper and aluminum, but that's about it. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. The long-range plans for the business is going out 3 years and capturing 2020. If you look at the growth side led by product road teams, the answer that we're always -- the question we're asking is what do we do to grow share and grow margins at the same time and projects that qualify for that by teams that execute well are going to be approved. And so if you look at it from the growth side, the incremental investments look like the last 3 years, we still have good ideas to go execute. On the productivity side, we're making sure that the productivity investments are sufficient enough to create a gap over other inflation, including wage, labor. So that's our operating system, that's our model, that's how we look at this always. As we look out, there's not a lot of difference about how you would model that for us. It would be incremental investment for growth and it would be incremental investment in productivity to offset other inflation. And then, price material, whole different part of the operating system. This will be a tough year. It's a bit of an unusual year, but I just don't think long-term that it's going to remain upside down for us. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. The main area actually was in all of the other service areas, that would be everything from planned service to break fix to smaller turnkey contracting. And that's the return on investment for the feet on the street for all of the controls, people we put out in the marketplace to sell, all of the service technicians that we've grown. I want to say, in North America, we're up 200 to 300 technicians, maybe more at this point, year-over-year. We're seeing industry-leading revenue per technician and margin per technician. So again, it's a strategy of the business to continue to invest there -- at those higher margins. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. They're so long in nature that they -- and they're fairly linear in terms of how you execute something like that. Typically, if it's an 80-building project, you're doing that in phases, in chunks and so it's kind of squeezing its way through the income statement. And some of those projects were 24, 26 months, maybe longer projects. So it happens over 2, 2.5 years. 
Michael Lamach: Well, it shows up in lower gross margins. It should show up in the contribution margin being about the same. So you tend to have all elements of cost set against that particular contract. So there's very little incremental, meaning the commissions and the sale are part of the cost structure of the contract. So we look at those to be accretive to the overall margins on a contribution basis, but it would put pressure on your gross margins for sure. 
Michael Lamach: So we tend to produce and sell in-region at those currencies. We do very little sort of exporting around the world in various currencies. The only exception to that is there's some Middle East orders that will come out of the U.S. as an example, but generally speaking, you're operating in the same currency. So to us, it's much, much more translational than it would be transactional. 
Susan Carter: And Nigel, if I could add just a few things to what Mike said and then I'll get to your follow-up question. So the answer to your question on whether we've seen more inflation in commodities than what we expected for 2017 is a definite yes and that inflation has come from steel. It's come from copper, turning from what we thought was a slight deflation for the year to an inflationary metric. Aluminum has been slightly inflationary and refrigerants have also been inflationary for the year and, in fact, refrigerants represent about 10% of our inflationary pressure for the year. Another thing that I would tell you though is that with the volumes that we've had in 2017 to-date, the increase also reflects some of the volumes that we've had where we've had to go out and buy it at spot. So it's a good problem and it's a great thing, but it has caused us increased inflationary pressure. And I would add just one more point on what Mike talked about with the Commercial HVAC regions where we're seeing not only pricing pressure, but also inflationary pressure with Asia, the Middle East and Latin America. These are some of our best businesses at managing the total P&L and productivity. So while these businesses are causing us some pressure on price cost, they also do a pretty good job of delivering their commitments by working the entire P&L, and I think that's what we'll continue to do as a total company for the remainder of the year. 
Susan Carter: Well, again, I think, Joe, the tough part of all of this is really looking at we've got announced price increases out there and what we're seeing move around is the inflation, but we'll also continue to see the price cost pressure in those regions of the world that we talked about with Asia, the Middle East -- actually, specifically China, the Middle East and Latin America. So we don't expect that to go away and we don't expect to be able to influence -- again, our steel is locked in for the back half of the year. The majority of our copper is locked in so we don't expect to be able to change that dynamic overall. And so what we can do as a company when we look at that back half of the year and the price cost spread is really just manage the entire P&L, make sure that we're really working on the productivity in the business, and you saw some of that in the second quarter, and also managing our costs in the right way. 
Susan Carter: Yes. So -- and I think that's exactly right is that your -- the top incremental leverage came out of the Residential business followed by Commercial North America, EMEA and then offset by some of those areas where we've talked about the price cost was definitely an issue. And then, to Mike's point on TK, we did have a mix down in -- first of all, from TK, which generally has higher margins than the other Climate businesses, but also from some of their European sales, which were lower margin type of sales and not in the truck and trailer where we've got great margins, so just a temporary mix down on TK. 
Susan Carter: And we did have -- Steve, we did have a -- one of the contracting bookings in the third quarter of 2016 also. It was about half the size of the one in Q2, but it was still a good size so you'll have a little bit of a tough compare. But as Mike said earlier, we'll have tough compares on the Commercial HVAC bookings all year. 
Susan Carter: Yes. So you're right, Steve. As you get into the fourth quarter, the comparisons on price cost are -- start to lap themselves because that was the first quarter that we saw the negative impact in 2016. But for the entire year, which was the guidance we gave in the prepared remarks, we still expect to be down about 40 basis points for the year based on what we've seen in the first half and then what we're projecting for the second half. 
Susan Carter: And we did, Julian, in 2016, we did see the margin start to improve in the back half of the year in Industrial. So again, the first half comparisons are going to be a little bit easier than the second half comparisons. But as I look at every line item for the business, they're continuing to improve in the second half of the year, all the way down the P&L. So I think the business is doing exactly what we expected and want it to do in 2017. 
Susan Carter: And Robert, I would add that one of the things that, I think, we do a good job of and are putting some tools into actually continue to improve on the investments is we look at the investments versus the financial criteria and the returns that they're going to give to us, not necessarily their impact. It does factor into the P&L and we're very conscious of that, but we're looking at each of the projects for how it fits into the strategy and what kind of returns it's going to bring over the 2020 guidance that we gave at our Investor Day. So I think that's something we do very well and we're very conscious of how that all fits together, but it isn't just a look at the P&L. It's also a look at strategy and the longer term plan that goes along with that. So I think we do that pretty well. 
Susan Carter: No. Actually, it doesn't. What it really reflects is our in-region, 4-region strategy. So in other words, your cost and your revenues are largely in the same currency. And so what that means is, is when you translate out the revenues that you're really translating the income at the operating income level. So it includes the cost side of that versus just at the gross margin level. So a bit of a nuance, but nothing more than straight math. 
Susan Carter: Right. And I think, Josh, when you think about it, the -- in some of the areas that we've been talking about in the world, you're going to have a competitive pricing environment, so that's a given, and then you're going to be buying your raw materials in that region again, so you're going to locally source in China or some of the other countries. So you're not really -- you're getting both ends of that dynamic, whatever the region is telling you. So it's not really a translational or FX type of activity. It's really if you're manufacturing in the region, you're going to get the full cost side as well as the full revenue side. 
