Michael Lamach: Thank you, Sue. So on closing on Slide 19. We expect to deliver our 2017 plan for revenue growth, adjusted EPS, free cash flow, utilizing our business operating system and building a thriving, more valuable Ingersoll Rand.  To summarize, our Climate segment remains strong, led by our Commercial and Residential HVAC businesses, which are focused on growth areas with equipment, controls and service. Our Transport Refrigeration business is diverse and agile, and is executing their strategy and delivering against our high expectations in a challenging market. Our Industrial business is improving ahead of our expectations for growth and margin expansion. 75% of our negative price versus cost spread in 2017 is expected to come from very strong growth in Asia, primarily China. We expect both the inflation and pricing headwinds to moderate heading into 2018. The balance of our markets should see moderating inflation in 2018 as well as they lap 2017 inflation. Nonetheless, we're accelerating our 2018 productivity initiatives to drive more direct control over margin expansion irrespective of market conditions. We're also on track to achieve the capital allocation priorities we laid out at the beginning of 2017. We expect to deploy roughly $1.9 billion in cash in the form of dividends, buyback and acquisitions. We have a tremendous depth of talented people and our culture remains as strong as ever. And taken together, I'm confident that with this formula, we'll continue to deliver top-tier financial and operating performance.  So with that, Sue and I will now be happy to take your questions. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Andy, I think maybe it's best for us to start with what is our China strategy historically and how we're evolving, and I think that will answer a lot of questions for you. First of all, China as a country and Asia as a region would have some of the highest operating margin that we have across the HVAC space, still today even this quarter. Historically, we've been a Tier 1 and Tier 2 city-focused company and largely on applied equipment and we've been very successful there. We've penetrated those markets with very high share and often Trane is the basis of design in many of these projects. What we've done over the last 2 years and you're seeing it this year in spades, is we've extended to Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities. We've also launched both localized, ducted and ductless unitary product nationally. We've penetrated, and are penetrating larger infrastructure project things, subways and airports and the electronics vertical specifically, which is Applied. And those 3 things in Tier 3, Tier 4 cities help drive Trane as a basis of design in those cities as well. It's been a formula we followed for years and it's been very successful for us. We know that, that grows a large service tail and we know that we grow margins by leveraging the SG&A and the manufacturing base around that. So to put it in context, the strategy has been very successful. We put a PGT in place about 2 years ago. We fully localized product portfolio in unitary, duct to ductless, we've been there and Applied for some time. We added 178 selling and marketing people onto the street over the last 12 months and 165 of those, we put in just since January so the project pipeline we're seeing in China is up 211%. So to speak for clarity, it's 3x larger than what it would have been last year at the same time around that pipeline. So year-to-date, we've seen bookings growth in unitary, it's actually been 40-plus percent. We've had mid-20s revenue growth in unitary. Unitary is now 25% of the mix that we have in equipment in China. We've also been able to grow the Applied business at twice the market rate year-to-date, and we're seeing excellent service growth. So again, it's become so successful that it really is, we classify it as price, but we're growing this accretively to the company and long term it's the right and most successful strategy that we know how to conduct. By the way, we would have a similar strategy, there are nuances to what we'll be doing in Europe or Latin America, but every region of the world, it's got a unique strategy, and in China, it's just been very successful for us. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I would say first as a starting point, nothing has changed that would make us less bullish on the end markets than we were 5 years ago when we talked to everybody at Analyst Day. Our outlook continues to be very positive. We'll see contingent... 
Michael Lamach: 5 months ago, thanks. Low single digit to mid-single digit growth in North America Commercial, and that we're going to drive share gains. Our project pipeline is actually stronger today than it was last year at the same time. We also think inflation in 2018 is fairly consistent with what we expected 5 months ago. We think it's going to be much more copper-related, which is much easier for us to set pricing and cost into the factories, about how to price and cover that as supposed to steel, which is very difficult than the longer lead items, so we think that, that will be more manageable for us. So staying with where we were 5 months ago, the CAGR of 4% to 4.5% over the 3-year period, 11% to 13% EPS growth over that period, still very much in the cards for us. We're very confident about that. We'll update that in the fourth quarter, but a lot of that's underpinned that we're seeing strength not only in North America, but across the globe and you're seeing that in even Latin America. As we pointed out, mid-teens growth rate in Latin America, finally seeing some recovery there and don't forget, that's an important market for us too. It's a $0.5 billion in revenue in the Climate space for us. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Nigel. It's a very specific definition we use and we say that if it's equipment coming out of a factory using the same machining and assembly processes, that we mark that as price. But clearly, what you're seeing in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities, is even more decontented product and you're seeing that generally, those have done some of the local players that have been in that market. So it is mix more than it is price. But again, for consistency of what we've been talking about, we classify on the bridge as price just to keep it sort of straight for everybody at this point in time. But it is something that if you move past China, you look at say Res for example. On the Residential in North American business, we grew margins considerably, we grew share considerably. We're managing that. If you go to the balance of the Commercial businesses, excluding the Middle East and Asia, we're largely covering inflation there and of course, in the Industrial side, we're covering inflation there completely. So it's really isolated to this penetration we're seeing in China. Middle East is a bit different. Here you've got just this fact that you've got the same number of competitors fighting over fewer projects there, and so you're going to have a bit more competition there as well. In 2018, I think that we're clear that we've got moderating steel environment. We've got our copper environment that we can lock a good portion of it, understand at the beginning of the year. We feel like, generally speaking, it's a more manageable year in terms of the global material inflation, pricing scenario. And specific to Asia, it's really a matter of just getting to scale on some of these Tier 3, Tier 4 cities, getting additional service density in these cities and we know how to grow margins from there. So again, it's a long-term view towards China. I think we see an improvement in 2018 in China leverage. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, there's nothing structurally different about the competition in these markets. We've had high-teens growth before in Europe. We've had substantial growth in Europe over the last few years. It's really about new product introduction, around next-generation refrigerants, building out a controls portfolio, a wireless portfolio, double-digit growth there, more digital involvement in connecting our businesses remotely, more service feet on the street. So it's always been a competitive environment, but you're able to differentiate that business on total cost of ownership, which is 90% of that equation is not the initial cost, it's the energy efficiency and the maintenance and the reliability of the product over the long haul and nothing's has changed about our value proposition there at all. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Relative to 2018, Nigel, I will tell you that we're going to generate $300 million plus in productivity like we do every year. It's going to be direct material. It's going to be PGT led with engineering product management and operations. It'll be both direct and indirect in that regard. I think what's going to be different for us is we spent a couple of quarters in excruciating detail, understanding the G&A and sort of benchmarks and ideas around reducing G&A across the company, which will show up strict on the G&A line over time between '18 -- 2018 and 2020 over a multiyear period, certainly starting in 2018 will have an impact. We also see opportunities with a lot of what we've done around automation and lean around things like warehouse consolidations and logistics opportunities that we are able to take advantage of. And again, we'll start to see those in 2018 as well. So what I'm saying is, in addition to the normal high levels of productivity that we expect in the operating system, there are a couple of projects that literally we're having to build program offices and [ secund ] very talented people into the program office to be able to drive what's likely to be hundreds of projects that roll up into these 2 bigger ideas, but I think that we got more leverage in '18, '19 and '20, from those things and I'm pretty excited about it. We talked about it at your conference in fact, and I'm glad you asked me the question. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, [indiscernible] growth again in North America, in the quarter, nice growth in the quarter there. So I don't anticipate a pre-buy there, Steve, per se. There could be some. I mean, it'd be great, if there was, but I don't -- we don't anticipate much of one at this point in time. But we are going to be sure that we build inventory and we're talking to customers about what is stackable and if in fact, they want to take that on. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Thanks, Steve. We've got about 260 part stores today. Generally speaking, we've got them where we want them. We were adding up 3 last year, but we've got the coverage we generally need, and we're finding opportunities to transition some of that digitally so it doesn't all have to be brick-and-mortar, but there's 260 brick-and-mortar stores that are out there. What you're finding on unitary, both res and commercial though, is there is this past year in particular, much more of a bias with customers replacing than repairing. So I do think that that's put a little bit of pressure on mix, but for the right reasons. You're really seeing people at this point in time doing wholesale replacements. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, a dozen maybe. And we -- Steve, we've been working at that for a long time. It's not -- it just hasn't been something that you'd pull out of our company as being the large mover and shaker around the business, but they're an important part of the business and we've got the 260, the coverage we think we need. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I've no doubt, Rich, that the planning we'll do for 2018 will have us coming back to more normalized leverage in that business, and we've built a portfolio that should be agnostic to the product specifically. I mean, as you know, Applied's got a little lower margin, but great service base over a long period of time. And unitary gives you a little bit of a margin pop sooner, but there's enough happening in the world and enough growth in the world that I expect, again, good growth in 2018. The pipeline supports that. We think we've got a more manageable mix of inflation moving from steel to copper, easier to get on top of that from a pricing perspective. So -- and then your question related to what Nigel asked, if we can do a bit more around some of the rooftop consolidation, a bit more around the G&A leverage in the company, no doubt that will get back to where we've historically been. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. So one of the issues, it's tough I know from an analyst and investor's perspective, is to take that Dodge or ABI data and all you can do is take it at face value, but I've always said that, that Dodge data would really account for about 50% of what we consider to be the market, the visible market would be what Dodge is reporting, but 50% of it, frankly, it's the good 50%, is the negotiated piece of that, the negotiated retrofit of the performance contracting side of that, and that's where we've got the added benefit of looking at a pipeline, and those pipelines are well done. It's a process that we've been running in the company for a long time. It's a high level of confidence about what gets reported in there and how we assign close rates and probability to those projects. And so when I look at what I see for 2018, I see a good runway and good projects. There's a number of very large projects that have the possibility of going in 2018 for us that we generally wouldn't put into a forecast, we generally wouldn't even put into our guidance, but similar to what happened in 2016 or at historic '17 a little bit for us, we're going to have a little bit of it in 2018 as well. These projects would range from $50 million to $200 million apiece and so they're going to move the numbers a great deal if, in fact, they hit. But excluding those, we see a strong pipeline, including those, is a very strong pipeline. 
Michael Lamach: One really good data point for us that I'll tell you on this call, is that you know we're very indexed toward very large compressors. We're #1 in centrifugal compression technology in that space and of course, you know that, that carries 40% to 50% pull through on service along with that over time. And that has grown in the mid-20s, bookings growth during the year, and it grew in the mid-20s again in the third quarter. So we're feeling good about what that means for 2018 shipments and even beginning to formulate early 2019 shipments around some of the larger compressors. So that's an exciting change for us as it relates to backlog being built in large compressors and it's exciting as it relates to the kind of leverage we expect to see from that. 
Michael Lamach: Julian, without setting guides, being careful here. That's sort of the general theme about how we think about setting plans would be to have about 100 bps of positive spread there. And then I take you back to my boxer analogy, that works great sitting in November and December and then as you get in the ring in January and you take a punch to figure out how to use all the tools at your disposal to win the fight. So that would be our sort of going in idea, and then what we want to make sure we're doing is we're putting some additional levers in place around ideas like rooftop consolidation and G&A that would be additive to that or in the event that inflation or pricing wouldn't behave the way we expect it to, we've got some additional countermeasures in place. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. And to be clear, Jeff, we've got all of the product now in the marketplace, both ducted -- ductless and applied and controls in the marketplace, so we're fully functional there. What will happen is, you'll get certain feature sets that are often specified by others into Tier 3, Tier 4 cities. You go out and you try to explain the value and the total cost of ownership around time and over time, we're pretty successful with that. But initially, you tend to find feature sets that carry lower margins than perhaps something you'd find in Beijing or Shanghai, typically. In fact, the product development going on now around the unitary space is to take the unitary product that we have and actually go the other way with that, which is higher efficiency unitary coming back into Tier 1, Tier 2 cities around that. And again, this is all in the Commercial space, not on the Residential space at all. So it's a very thoughtful strategy over time about putting manufacturing, product management, operations in place, product road teams, feet on the street, incrementally quite a few as a result of all this. And then excellent execution on the ground by the team there. To the point where you just don't forecast 40-plus-percent growth rates as you're doing your plans. You set goals and objectives around those sorts of things, but you don't sort of plan those things. What the team has generated sort of -- they've been on top of even those stretch goals, which to me is really solid execution. In the long run, it's building out a strong base. And -- it's not changed that half of the world's chillers, the last 5 years have gone in China, half the world's chillers are going to go into China in the next 5 years, and it makes sense like it does everywhere for us to have a full unitary, applied, controls, service and digital footprint and for that to be direct on the Commercial side, and that's what we're doing. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, when I look back to 2008 and 2009, it would have been in that 10% range, compare that to North America or Western Europe, 50%. Today, it's in that 20%, 25% range and it will continue to move up in over the next say 5 to 10 years, look like Western Europe and North America, no doubt about that. The equipment gets more sophisticated. Customer's expectations around energy efficiency -- around sustainability goals in China, much more stringent than they have been in the past. All those things really lead more toward the OEM having an advantage in maintaining the equipment. 
Michael Lamach: We don't have a need to build additional factories in Asia. We've got a substantial footprint today and we continue to lean it out. So lines are running faster in less space. And the more scale we get, the faster we can run the lines and hypothetically, the less space per dollar of margin we're going to need. So I don't have in the plans us needing to build a factory in China at any point in the future. 
Michael Lamach: And Joe, just to confirm, price in res is exceeding material inflation and we grew margins again in the quarter. The hurricane impact to us was not in the res space. The res space, we were able to move inventory into the market. We're well positioned there. The impact for us was really losing 3 weeks of time in Puerto Rico at the manufacturing facility and there, just to skip to it, it wasn't the factory itself. We had the factory up and running with around temporary power with plenty of diesel, plenty of water, it was the fact that it was so difficult for our employees in the market that many of them lost their homes, lost everything, were just unable to come to work or didn't have the means to come to work to be able to build products. We're back up. We've been back up for a couple of weeks. We're running at rate. We haven't missed a beat in terms of customers there. We plan to head to build for hurricanes in advance and so we had stock there, just waiting for the ports to open up a little bit to ship them back out, but just to skip to that, it really wasn't in the res business for us, it was largely in the Thermo King business. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Thank you, Andy. It's a good probably, opportunity to step back and talk about all the changes, some of which you mentioned, some that they'll be able to catch-up on. Robert and Didier have been great partners to this company for a long time, both had plans for 2018 retirements. We began to put pen to paper in January '17, and we've got Robert who will step out in January of '18 and Didier in September of '18, so we're able to benefit from their involvement for some time yet. At that point, we began to plan and in early September, or the 5th of September, we actually appointed Dave Regnery as the EVP combining those 2 roles. And really what's happened here is we've had very strong, consistent leadership at the SPU level for now a long time. We're not at the same place we were 5 years ago and so the role has changed and I've got a lot of confidence in Dave and Dave's capability of 30 years with the company, and obviously, doing a great job with the HVAC business in North America and EMEA, lived in different parts of the world and managed about every part of the company at one point or another. At the same time, we put Dave in that role, we moved Donny Simmons into Dave's role. Now Donny, you all would have met at our Investor Day, Donny was leading fluid material, handling Power Tools. He led a large part of the Commercial North American and Trane organization before that. Before that, he was in finance, both the Climate segment and going all the way back to TK, so Donny stepped into that role. A couple of weeks later, Gary had announced his intent to retire from the company at the end of September. Concurrent with Gary's announcement, we appointed Jason Bingham. Jason is the President for HVAC and supply. He also spoke at the analyst conference. If you recall, Jason was running our Controls Contracting and Digital business. It's been built into $1 billion plus business for us over time and he's got a 26-year tenure with the company going back to 1991, strong commercial, strong residential background. So he's a fish in water, really in the res business. And then we had also the planned retirement of Marc Dufour. Marc runs our Club Car business. And Marc is going to retire in January of '18. So we announced Marc's retirement around the same time, [indiscernible] with us over that period of time. And Mark Wagner, who you would have all again met at [indiscernible]  Conference. Mark was one of the speakers there. He's running Club Car for us. So it's really leveraging very strong internal leadership talent, very good communication by the senior executives in the company around their succession plans and timing, the tremendous willingness for them to work with us around dates so that it could work for everybody and have good continuity. We're very excited about the changes that we've got and these guys have been in place now for a couple of months, a good month at this point, and it's pretty exciting. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean, if I put it really simply, I would say that the Tier 3, Tier 4 strategy for some of the larger infrastructure projects are carrying about 5 points lower gross margin, let's say than the Tier 1, Tier 2 city historical applied market. And the fact that we've grown that at a rate twice the rate of the other business just put margin mix pressure there. And then, again, adding 178 people into the mix, it takes a while for those people to ramp up, but again, 40-plus-percent growth rate serves the ramping up pretty quickly. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, James, I think we closed 4 transactions or will close 4 transactions by the end of the month. So I wouldn't assume it all to be in the telematics space, so that would have been the larger of the group, but a couple of hundred million is really laid out, and we'll have that closed by the end of the month. The balance of that is our best guess of stuff in flight, of which I would say between $50 million and $200 million, there's a number of things in flight there that the timing could be off slightly, it could be a quarter off here or there. But those are lining up nicely as well too, and it ranges between channel and technology being added to the core portfolio. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, it's a -- Commercial is a little easier to predict than res. Commercial, you could predict a great rental boom and followed by an immediate service requirement and we poured people into those locations to be able to provide service from out of state. And then depending on the criticality of what it is that you're conditioning space for those things really quickly. Res, you get everything between the tip of the tail, which is people with insurance, maybe a bit more fluent who are able to step in very quickly with or without insurance and replace, you've got the body of the bell curve, which is focused waiting for insurance that can take some time, the process and it's probably at this point, a 2018 event they should think about that. And they've got sort of other part of the bell curve, people without insurance that may not be able to step in and buy that as well. So that will take 1 to 3 years before that happens. So generally over 1 or 2 years, you see growth as a result of this so the net of it is usually growth, but it usually takes 1 to 2 years for it to show up on the res side -- on that res side, that is; on the commercial side, it's quicker. 
Susan Carter: And Nigel, it's Sue. Let me add a little bit of color on the pricing to that, I think, is important and it really doesn't come out in all of the detail that we've got. So we talked about that price is actually positive in both of the segments, which it is. The other piece of it is that the pricing that we have achieved in the year is actually higher than last year. Again, we know the inflationary pressures that we've got, but we have really been able to build positive pricing in the areas of the world, and like I said, in total, it is positive in a dollar terms on a year-over-year basis and it's fairly significant. And it does have the headwind in there on price from Asia. So I don't want anyone to think that the pricing is actually not strong and that we haven't in pricing in 2017, we actually have and it's actually stronger than it was in 2016. 
Susan Carter: And Steve, I would also point out that in the context of our part stores, the 260 that Mike mentioned, that serves both Commercial and the Residential markets for us. And in fact, Commercial is a little heavier than Residential in terms of overall sales for those part stores. 
Susan Carter: No. I mean, Joe, I think we follow our normal cadence, some of which might be in the fourth quarter, some in the first quarter, but there's no discussion that we're having about pulling any of that forward on a different schedule than normal. 
Susan Carter: Well, Joe, so that's an interesting area. We are pulling back a little bit, but let me tell you how that's actually coming about because this is not, Mike and I going out and saying, we need to cut investments. So I would expect the fourth quarter to be a little higher than the third quarter, but nowhere near what the math would tell you that you would pull in, it's not 30, by any stretch. But our businesses, as we get closer to actually going through the projects that are in investments, and again, our investments are mostly new product development, channel and some IT type of investments, are actually looking at the projects and the return on those projects and they're coming to the conclusion that the returns are not at the expectations that they have and we have as a company. And so they're the ones pulling them off the table and perhaps going back to do some additional work on those business cases and maybe they'll show up again in 2018, but it's really SBU-driven, pulling down those investments in the back half of the year and we're very supportive of that for those reasons. 
Susan Carter: And the other element, Andrew, is that Asia, China specifically, has had material inflation that has escalated throughout the year. So when we talk about that being persistent, it is very persistent. In fact, if I looked at where biggest impact occurs, it's our Commercial HVAC in North America followed by Asia-Pacific, followed by Residential. So they've also had that headwind that was bigger than what we thought earlier in the year and that also contributes to that dynamic. 
