Michael Lamach: Thanks, Janet. Good morning, and thank you for joining us on today's call. Earnings per share from continuing operations for the first quarter were $0.31, $0.08 above the midpoint of our guidance range of $0.20 to $0.26. And as usually the case, there were some puts and takes from the quarter. The tax rate and other income expense went favorable by about $0.01 each. We had a favorable stock-based compensation adjustment of $0.03 that was not in the forecast. Restructuring spend was about in line with our estimate. Higher-than-expected inflation was offset by favorable overhead spending. The margin associated with the higher revenues was essentially the difference between the midpoint of our guidance and the $0.31 we reported.  Although somewhat better than our expectations, markets were generally in line with our outlook for a slow growth environment. In the first quarter, we saw a revenue growth of 3% excluding the Hussmann refrigeration business from the 2011 comparison. We experienced moderate growth in revenues in Industrial and low growth in Climate and Security. Residential revenues were down year-over-year as Residential HVAC revenues declined high-single digits, while Residential Security revenues were up high teens. As a reminder, last year's first quarter HVAC revenues were strong, up 12% from channel restocking. Excluding Hussmann, orders were up 6% and 7% excluding currency.  Operating margin for the quarter was 6.7%, down 30 basis points versus prior year. If we exclude Hussmann from last year, margins in Q1 were down 90 basis points from first quarter 2011. Although margins improved from pricing and productivity, they were depressed by higher planned restructuring and investment spending year-over-year, as we discussed in the February earnings call. All of our businesses continue to realize positive pricing, and in the first quarter, our pricing outpaced direct material inflation for the fourth consecutive quarter.  Please go to Slide 4. Those of you that attended our recent Investor Day are aware of our ongoing focus and investment in innovation to accelerate our revenue growth. We steadily improved the flow of new products and services to the market over the last several years. Our goal for 2012 is 25% of the revenue to come from new products and services introduced in the last 3 years, which would equal approximately $3.6 billion in revenue.  We are on track to reach this goal, and we expect to introduce new products in all of our businesses during the year. The health and vitality of the portfolio is in excellent shape, and we'll continue to build our organizational capability and increase our investments to foster innovation over the next few years.  We also continue to make progress in our Operational Excellence initiative, which is our long-term approach to a lean transformation in the company. This is a multi-faceted effort that will reduce working capital, expand margins and ultimately increase market share across our businesses. We expanded all 19 value streams to include the entire value cycle from quote to cash and we'll add 5 more value streams during 2012. As we indicated in February, we have launched several restructuring programs, and therefore, restructuring expenses are front-loaded in the first half of the year in order to accelerate the benefits during 2012.  Now Steve will take you through the quarterly results in more detail. 
Michael Lamach: Great. Thanks, Steve, and please go to Slide 14. Our revenue outlook for 2012 was essentially unchanged from the guidance that we gave you in February. Activity to date and our outlook continue to indicate low to moderate growth across our portfolio. Europe has been weak, as expected. Asia has been somewhat softer than our expectations year-to-date. U.S. has been a little stronger in Commercial HVAC. And as expected, we saw moderate growth in transport markets in North America with some contractions in Europe.  We see a continuation of the current conditions in residential markets as single-family housing starts and consumer confidence remain at low levels. We expect R-22 and low SEER units to remain a significant portion of a flattish market in 2012.  For Commercial Security, we expect to see a continuation of challenging conditions in the U.S. non-residential new construction market for the remainder of the year, particularly in our key institutional markets.  Foreign exchange will be a headwind in 2012, adversely impacting growth by about 2 points. We are maintaining our revenue range for full year 2012 of $14 billion to $14.4 billion, that's flat, up 3% compared with 2011 revenue of $14 billion excluding Hussmann. Excluding FX, the organic growth rate is 2% to 5%.  Please go to Slide 15. Similarly, we are maintaining our full year EPS from continuing operations guidance range of $2.90 to $3.10. We continue to expect to generate available cash flow of about $1.1 billion. Second quarter revenues are forecast to be $3.8 billion to $3.9 billion. Revenues on a comparable basis, excluding Hussmann, are forecast flat to up 3% versus second quarter of 2011, that includes FX, which will be a headwind of about 2 points. It means excluding FX, revenues will be up 2% to 5%.  Earnings per share are forecast to be $0.85 to $0.90. In the second quarter, restructuring spend will be about $0.03 higher year-over-year to implement cost reduction programs. Additionally, recall that in the second quarter last year, we had a $23 million gain from the sale of assets from a factory consolidation. We are assuming a share count of 315 million shares and a tax rate of 25%.  Please go to Slide 16. We started 2012 slightly ahead of our forecast, delivering revenue and EPS above expectations. But as you know, the first quarter is a seasonally low quarter for us. At $0.31, first quarter earnings represent just a bit over 10% of our 2012 annual guidance range. So far, we have seen a few growth areas that were better than our expectations, though the others started the year a little lower. So on balance, things still look about how we expected. We're focused on continued change and improvements to ensure that we're managing our business optimally across the spectrum of economic conditions. Our focus is on positioning the company to continue growing revenues, earnings and cash flow by employing tailored strategies across diverse markets. We continue to feel good about our company and our progress. We have a portfolio of outstanding market-leading brands. We continue to demonstrate our ability to generate high levels of cash flow even in the face of a challenging backdrop.  The long-term attractiveness of the end markets in which we operate and our competitive positioning will allow us to benefit as those sectors of the economy improve, and our strong penetration and positioning in emerging markets provide us with significant growth potential. We said last quarter, we realized that we cannot rely solely on these fundamentals to achieve our goals. And our management team is committed to actively managing the company to generate sustainable, profitable growth. As I said back in February, we're not waiting for macroeconomic lift to improve our business. Instead, we're proactively working to reduce costs and invest in our growth markets.  And with that, Steve and I will be happy now to take your questions. 
Michael Lamach: Jeff, maybe what I'll do is give you a bit more of a Q2 bridge here, and then we can talk about the pieces inside that. But last year's second quarter, of course, was $0.92 and it included $0.07 from Hussmann and $0.05 from the gain on a sale we mentioned about the plant in China, which brings us to about an $0.80 starting point. The share count, you're right. 350 million to 315 million is the share count, which adds back $0.09. The restructuring spend will be about $0.03 higher this year. And then if you add volume price mix, it adds about $0.05, assuming a 50% conversion on that. And then if you look at higher investments, productivity and inflation, lower interest and taxes and FX, it nets to about $0.03 negative, and that gets you back to the $0.88 mid-point. When you pull out, sort of the one-times last year, and look at the leverage in Q2, we're estimating it about 20%. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, our mix of entry-level systems is up quite a bit. We would have been running at about 62% in the past. We're running at about 66% today. So the strategy of trying to play across the whole portfolio is working in terms of unit volumes for us. Actually, January and February were very slow for us. March was a very big, important month for us. And so it's tough to look at a trend there off one data point in March, but there are some signs that you're seeing, some progress here in the market. In addition, we're in the market with a product at a price point that's competitive. And the factories and supply chain are working as they should. So that's really kind of where we're at right now in that business. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Actually, material inflation for us has been fairly well-behaved so far this year. In fact, first quarter material inflation was actually somewhat below our original expectations. And our material forecast for the whole year 2012 was not significantly different from what we told you in February. What we're seeing is some other inflation. And that's going to be in areas like freight and logistics, fuel for our service vehicles and then some benefit-related costs. 
Michael Lamach: Our restructuring forecast for the full year is unchanged from what we said back in February. And the spend, you're right, will be front-end loaded. So versus prior year, it's about $0.07 higher for the full year despite being favorable year-over-year in the second half. So we had a comment about $0.07 in Q1. We essentially were on track with that. We got a bit more to do here in Q2, and then we'll get favorability in the back half of the year. So in total, it's about $0.07 on the year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Dave. I'll give you some puts and takes on that relative to what we were thinking last time we were on the call. One of the surprises for us in Q1 was the strength of the North American Unitary business. And there, we had bookings in the quarter on North America, up 17%. That's also one of the value streams we've been working on now for a couple of years, mainly around cycle times and quick ship on products. And so in a lot of ways, the orders that we took in January and February in that business, we were able to ship in the quarter. So the turn on that business was very quick for us. We also had a similar event happen with Parts and Service, where we saw Parts and Service booking in the Climate business up about 15%, again, very quick turn and ship on that in terms of the ability to deliver services in that area of the business. So some of what we saw in terms of the high bookings in quarter 1 are evidenced in the revenues in quarter 1, where we're able to book and ship that pretty quick. Probably the third one that comes to mind is the Security business in the Americas, where they actually had a quarter which was a little bit better than we expected in the Americas. And for a lot of that business, we're able to ship that in a matter of hours or in a few days as opposed to weeks or months. So that's relatively quick ship as well. So I think it kind of normalizes back down to the view that we had initially for Q2. We, on the flip side of that, saw slower activity in China, particularly in HVAC. We saw slower than a pretty negative outlook that we had in the container business globally, so that was a little bit of a slowdown for us beyond what we had anticipated. So net-net, we think it's a pretty realistic forecast for Q2 revenue. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Dave, I don't have the backlog numbers in front of me, but we can get you the backlog numbers here probably offline. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, David. It's Mike. One of the things we're going to see here is that what we'll do in the Residential business is essentially we'll have a planned profit increase in the second half of $27 million more than last year on lower revenues there so that is really working itself out over time here as well. Back half of the year as well would have a couple hundred million dollars in revenue for us. So that would leverage, particularly coming into the Climate business, I would assume. 
Michael Lamach: Really, the Res HVAC, Deane, I don't think that incentives are going to drive a different behavior there, although it's interesting to think about that from a dealer and distributor point of view. But the dynamics in the industry are pretty well set in that regard. Yes, that was a place that we really saw the most risk. And so we would have started January kind of down around 20%. We've seen February down around 7%. And then March is just the phenomenal month, up more than 40% in terms of overall bookings. So you get a feel for the kind of risk that goes into a quarter, particularly in the back half of the month of the final -- of March and even in the last week or so. So as we were together at the meeting, we were looking for a big March, and we got a little bigger March than we even thought. So that was a positive sign for us. The other businesses are a lot more linear than that. The exceptions are going to be those that are either Climate-related, which would be like commercial office space, where we have unitary product going into that market, would be a bit more seasonal, as well as the construction cycles for some of the institutional markets, schools, in particular, would drive a little bit of non-linearity for us in our outlook. 
Michael Lamach: Yes -- no, we're aware of that. They're a supplier to us in a few areas. I don't think it changes the dynamics much on that, in that we both have our own controls, and we partner with Emerson or before that, JCI, in that business. So I don't think it changes a whole lot. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Nigel, it was really -- it's interesting because the Dodge [ph] even data would support in the non-institutional markets that, that was an area of growth in the quarter. I think it's a combination. It was really in office and retail and that's going to have factors that include sort of aging systems much like you see in the Res business, as well as some seasonal factors, as well as, of course, warm winter and a little early spring and summer. So I think all of that kind of combined. Our focus has been on really trying to look at some of that discretionary quick ship business. We've been targeting that. I think we had some success there as well in being able to convert some of that business and compete a little differently on cycle times there. So I think that contributed as well. 
Michael Lamach: It's very interesting, Americas was strong in terms of bookings. EMEA was okay, about as expected. Asia was weak. And Asia for us, we're about split 50% China, 50% rest of Asia. Rest of Asia was okay. Now China was very weak. But I was in China and India a couple of weeks ago. I was in China, actually, early April, and we picked up an order there from a customer for 100,000 tons of cooling on a single order. That's spread over the course of a year or so. But yes, that's some of these large orders that can swing you still there for us. So I think that the market is going to recover in China. I think by the end of the year, we'll see sort of a recovery take place, but the first quarter was very weak. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I mean, as evidenced, the order that we got when I was there would be a good sign of that. But also just going through the reviews inside the company there, there was a lot of visibility about what's happening in the market. I didn't get a sense that the activity level was down. I walked away feeling good about the balance of the year. 
Michael Lamach: Security is the one where -- it's probably got the most amount of restructuring going on there. But security'll look -- that idea, I think if you pull out the restructuring that they're doing there, they're actually going in the right direction there. But that would be the one where we'll see the restructuring there take place and, of course, in the high-margin business that'll hurt. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. 2Q margins, I think you're going to be kind of in that 7% maybe to 8% range in the quarter. We would look at some growth there probably 1% to 4% for us. And that's, of course, a little bit of what we saw in March continuing through here to early April. 
Michael Lamach: Jeff, we, I tell you, we've been now for about a year trying to work on a whole different sort of inventory model for our wholesalers and for their dealers and for our wholly-owned wholesale teams. And so the replenishment rate that we've got is much faster than it ever used to be, and it's by design. So we're not a good judge of looking at sort of channel inventories and being able to gauge the amount of restocking that's going to take place. Steve, I don't know if you have any additional comments on that. 
Michael Lamach: Well, institutional markets in general have been weak. Federal markets have probably been the weakest, but healthcare and education aren't too far behind. Interestingly, we've had a couple of large wins in the performance contracting area in the area of education. So this is that dynamic that happens when funding gets a little tighter. We do see some of the vertical markets, particularly education and healthcare, which tend to resort more to performance contracting to -- in services to pay for the retrofit. So we saw some of that in the first quarter. And there's some large active proposals in those verticals outstanding in the second quarter. So I do think that there's a little bit of a shock absorber in that as it relates to performance contracting. And we did see a little bit of a pickup in the size and volume of proposals in that area relative to straight stick retrofits. 
Michael Lamach: Truck and trailer were up a little bit better than we expected. ESA was about what we expected. Container was down, so it offset the favorability in the Americas. 
Michael Lamach: Terry, stock-based compensation, yes. So there was $0.03 of favorability that we had not forecasted. You're correct. 
Michael Lamach: It actually just changes the run rate going forward. We were calculating it differently, and so we made the adjustment in the quarter. So going forward, just probably the run rate going forward, but no, it would not be an incremental pickup year-over-year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Price is still positive. We're getting a couple of points of price across each of the businesses still. I think volumes we're down probably about 10%. 
Michael Lamach: The market was down 13, we were down about 10. And we picked a couple of points back up in price so that's how we got to the minus 8. 
Michael Lamach: Terry, one thing I think that, hopefully, is going to play out well for us in Q2 is the fact that last year, we didn't have a competitive product at 13, 14 SEER. And so what we are doing was dealing with that through some price. Nowadays, as we find these competitive situations out there, we've got competitive 13, 14 SEER products. So we're not having to switch Trane brand or mix our brand into the opening price point. We're able to do with Ameristar, so there's an advantage there that I think we've got in Q2 on how we deal with that. So the substitution that we would have done last year won't occur to the same extent this year. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I'm not hearing a lot about sort of people dropping price in the marketplace. It's been competitive for at least 2, 3 years to this point really. So no new waves coming out or waves of panic around anybody dropping price. There's a lot of price adjustments going on, I think, as people are fine tuning what would have been a 2009, 2010 more of a blanket approach to pricing. So I have heard of particular models and combinations going up or going down based on just fine tuning now that approach in the marketplace. Most everybody took more of a peanut butter spread around price to move it quickly into the marketplace. And again, you're seeing that fine tuning take place now I think. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the revenue is quite a bit above the midpoint, $75 million above the midpoint. And I see that moderating, Steve. I just don't see that really -- I don't see that as a trend. I wouldn't call the month of March a trend here. We'd want to see more data points before we would go out on a limb and say that we're seeing a sustained recovery in either Residential or in Commercial HVAC. So Steve, I'd really need to see at least another quarter of that sort of recovery and beat before I would really want to take the range up or change things. 
Michael Lamach: No, everything pretty much stays the same. There's  just -- we felt like -- we saw a lot of volume, and we don't want to get carried away here that it's sustained recovery. 
Michael Lamach: There is so much investment in Q1 and Q2 there, Steve, that they absolutely have to accelerate in Q3 and Q4. The restructuring we signed up for, the investments we made, whether it's specific to productivity, all have paybacks that we expect yet, as late at the fourth quarter, but we expect to get them. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean, we're seeing that we're operating within our capability here. We're pretty accurate at this point in time about being able to forecast that. So there were no surprises in Q1 around, I'd say, productivity when you pull out the investments and the restructuring. I think that we'll see additional material productivity toward the back half of the year. We just formed that team fully in November. They're getting their feet underneath them, going forward, they've got plans and strategies to impact, but that takes time to actually make those changes, both whether it's a supplier price or it's a supplier change itself. And that typically will be more back-end loaded. But no, I don't see any breakdown or surprise in Q1. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean we've really, from a whole -- part of the process of sorting out the sourcing organization was to put in place an independent separate materials organization throughout the business and then work on this whole SIOP planning with the materials organization, so we're definitely seeing that. We're seeing it in working capital. We're seeing that as well in just our days outstanding, in the customers in terms ship and fill rates and days past due. We're seeing that as a benefit. It's a primary focus across all the businesses. Obviously, the Res HVAC folks are working on that very diligently. Ameristar is a good sign for us. We began taking orders in March. We began shipping in April, and we were able to match that up fairly well. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Climate, we'd look for growth of 1% to 3%, OI [ph] in the 10.5, 11.5 range. Industrial, I think you'll see kind of a minus 1 to 2 in the quarter, so slowdowns there that we'll see. Full year there, I expect we'll still see 110, 130 basis points of improvement in that business. Res, we talked about. Security, flat to minus 3 for the full year. Minus 3, minus 5 for Q2. And then net of restructuring, all in, it should be flat in terms of operating margin. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Josh, we use a combination. So there is parts and assemblies that we build. There's parts and assemblies that we outsource. So we retain quite a bit of flexibility, even in those outsource relationships, to build a product that if we choose to do that. So it's very dynamic in terms of how we want to do this. It's actually a bit exciting because we've been able to think outside the box, I think, about what's possible in terms of some of these relationships but -- so that's the way we're handling that aspect of it. It's pretty early. March opening [ph] orders and April shipments is a little too soon to tell in terms of anything around real traction. The margins, gross margins are lower than what we would normally see. The support cost are very low compared to what we would see. So the contribution is actually accretive to the full year margins that we've laid out, okay? But it's a different model, it's a lower gross margin, much lower support model, contribution, again accretive. 
Michael Lamach: Primarily 2 areas there. I guess the biggest pieces would be the systems component, getting that really moving now. And second, building out in our Industrial business and continuing to build out in our Trane business, the service organizations, particularly internationally. 
Michael Lamach: Well, yes, in the ITS in Europe, in their equipment business, Q1 was actually a pretty solid quarter for them, low teens kind of a quarter because of the backlog. We saw that backlog change. We saw the bookings rate change. And so we see that going kind of negative single-digit-type numbers in Europe as well. Club Car, it had a pretty good quarter. It was positive territory. I think that might go negative in the quarter as well for that group. So that's sort of the pressure there that we're seeing. 
Michael Lamach: If I understand your question, the productivity we were getting in the fourth quarter in the Res business would be in the productivity number. In other words, the loss absorption would be in the productivity number. 
Michael Lamach: I hope you're right, Steve, but bookings over the last week, 10 days of March, we saw how dry January and February were -- so the same thing happens here with June and July, okay, in this business. And so we really just need to see something more sustained here than a week's worth of bookings. But I hope you're right. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Robert. I'll just maybe set the pricing first and then I'll turn to Steve for his comments. The pricing, yes, we saw a full 2 points across the business in the quarter, which was a little bit above our initial forecast. And then we would think going forward, we expect utilization in Q2 about 1.5 point, and then it should moderate down to 1 point for the back half of the year. Of course, you're starting to lap now pricing increases, so that's fairly obvious. And material inflation was fairly subdued. So that was good news. But other inflation is higher for us. But if you're looking at just the relationship between price and material inflation, I think Q2 would be about 120 basis points positive. 
Michael Lamach: Right. We normally talk about it as price versus direct material inflation. But you're right, other inflation is where we get a surprise the other way. 
Steven Shawley: And there's 2 forms of tailwind in the second half. It's the fact that we're spending it in the first half, we're also getting the productivity and cost reduction in the second half. So it's less spend and more savings in the second half. 
Steven Shawley: Yes, I think if you look at the productivity piece alone, Dave, first half to second half, we would see at least a $60 million to $70 million pickup in additional productivity because of the early spending of restructuring plus the fact that we're just getting traction on everything we're working on. So we definitely see that type of a jump in just productivity or savings first half to second half. And if you look at the amount of restructuring spend, there's probably another at least, say, probably about $20 million, $25 million less restructuring spend in the second half than the first. 
Steven Shawley: So I think the -- and Climate will be a little less than you'd expect because of the mix shift. We'll see more, obviously, Trane Commercial equipment in the quarter, which tends to mix it down a little bit. 
Steven Shawley: Yes, what we do have though, Jeff, is when we look at our independent distributors and we looked at the inventory levels in that channel, it's fairly flat. So we think there was some pull-through in even March for what sold through. So right now, it didn't look like there's any problem on the horizon in terms of inventory build in the channel. 
Steven Shawley: If you look at the gross balance sheet statistics, our inventory turns in the quarter were 6/10 of a turn better than they were in Q1 of last year. So, it's flowing all the way through to the enterprise. 
Steven Shawley: Now it was -- based on what we can tell, we were pretty close to what we expected to spend, Shannon. 
Steven Shawley: Yes, there's definitely more on top of restructuring in Q2 in the investments line, probably based on what I can tell here by the -- probably another $25 million, somewhere in that range. 
Steven Shawley: Yes, the system spend is going to be picking up. So as we talked about putting in integrated systems around the world, that will be a significant piece of that going forward. 
Steven Shawley: Well, we would think it's going to slow down and moderate. We've thought that the Industrial business will probably see an overall growth of 2% to 4%, ex FX will be about 5% to 7%. So it would imply lower quarters. So I'd say quarter 3, quarter 4, we'd probably see more of a pickup again in Asia and a bit more of a pickup in Latin America, which was a little soft for us as well. So that would kind of moderate back up then from the Q2 very low kind of 0-ish number or flat number up into something that would give us a full year, about 2% to 4%. 
Steven Shawley: Right. It's another reason why we think it's a reasonable way to look at it, okay? Because you're right, that benefit from Res is predominately in the second half. 
