Michael Lamach: Thanks, Janet. For those of who that don't know, that's Janet's last time she'll need to read the safe harbor statement. She's retiring at the end of this month after a brilliant career here at Ingersoll Rand. We're going to miss Janet greatly. And Janet, we want to wish you and Ron [ph] all the best in your retirement. 
Michael Lamach: Great. Thank you, Sue. And I'll be brief. As I started out this morning, we had a strong quarter. We improved operating performance in a volatile environment. We realized price in both segments. We achieved outstanding leverage and improved our cash flow. We're growing in the areas where we put a strategic focus. There's clear evidence the discipline we've created in our operating system is gaining momentum. And I'm confident in our management team, and we feel good about our forecast for the remainder of the year.  So with that, Sue and I will take your questions. 
Michael Lamach: Joe, remember, too, that I think that we've been [indiscernible] restructures now for years, and that's both qualified and nonqualified. So we're always improving the cost base there. When you look at the type of paybacks that we're seeing in that business, we're getting numbers like 7 years, which is indicative of doing a good job around running the plants, the utilization that we've been able to achieve in our plants. You couple that with the lead time to bring on new capacity when the markets return, and that's a 24- to 30-month process, particularly in the machining centers that we would be moving or upgrading to do that. So we don't want to get whipsawed in doing any large restructuring when this thing turns around, because the margins come back very strong when the business volumes come back as well. So we're being cautious. Now we're always looking at the ideas that are on the table. If the underlying real estate values change or if tax incentives change from one location to another, it could swing something like that. We are very cautious about looking at an upswing in the lead time to bring capacity on when you need it, and we don't want to ever be in a situation at an upswing in the market to not have sufficient capacity at that point in time. 
Michael Lamach: No, it's more of an impact in '17. It's got a little bit of a positive in '16, a little bit of a positive in '18, but the bulk of that would be '17 shipments. So it's really the strength of the business across the board. Unitary continues to be strong. The pipeline looks strong for us. Europe has been a great success story. I think it'll continue as well. So it's -- and, of course, the residential business continues to put up some very big numbers. And so all of that combined has got more to do with the guidance increase than the large booking number in quarter 2. By the way, quarter 3 should look pretty good for us as well. Although I don't have a prognostication on the percentage rate, it should be a good quarter for us. 
Michael Lamach: It was also, Julian, the cost control there is exceptional. So even though you're seeing kind of a headline $0.02 restructuring. There's at least that much, maybe more than that, which would be nonqualified restructuring. So it's sort of restructuring in place, not replacing or controlling spending. So there is a cost of that in the first half of the year and a benefit to that in the back half of the year, which is broadly in line with Sue's productivity comment. But a big piece of that productivity is literally the cost control around headcount, some of which is qualified, some of which is nonqualified, in terms of how we would actually account for it. The longer-term question that you asked about the profitability of the business, Sue did a little bit of analysis on this, and it might be useful to kind of walk through where we -- when we would see a 17% margin in the business. 
Michael Lamach: Remember, when you look at the gross margins of that business and look at the fixed cost of that business, say, relative to the Climate segment, you can see very easily why that business snaps back very strongly on volume. So when volume returns to that business, we'll get very aggressive incremental margins out of that. In the short term, we're controlling the heck out of costs the best we can. However, we're not going to [indiscernible] as it relates to capacity. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Nigel, I think all of that is true, but the constant, persistent investment we've made over 5, 6, 7 years in that business, the constant investment in the channel and the service footprint is really paying off. And I just think the focus we've had on all of that development being around energy efficiency, sustainability, new refrigerant development, all that is just such a powerful story when you look at it. This is what we were waiting for. This is what we'd hoped to have seen, which is outsized growth relative to the market and outsized profitability or margin expansion relative to the market. So this is a huge effort by lots of people, all the way through to the technicians providing service on the street for us. This is a real accomplishment. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the thing you have to think about, though, is what happens to the office and retail business. As an example, our national accounts business has been doing extremely well into retail. Office building is doing really well, as you can see, kind of the high teens booking rates again for unitary. That's been strong again. At some point, you think that, that would begin to subside and be replaced by stronger applied growth, which I think will happen. So I think what you end up with is maybe a change in the mix between unitary and applied, but I do think continued strong performance through '17. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Steve. I think that looking at something certainly in the 16% margin range for the entire segment is going to make a lot of sense for us. Again, to Sue's point, price, I think, subsides a little bit. Material inflation kind of clips along pretty much at the same rate. Bookings look good. Pipeline looks fairly strong. We're not seeing -- the container business on the transport side being down, of course, is not all that problematic for us in terms of margins so long as European trailer and North American trailer are doing well. So if you put that all together, you're probably doing something in the 16% range. 
Michael Lamach: I don't know. I mean, we haven't -- really looking at Q3 and Q4 at that level of granularity around guidance, Steve. I don't know. I mean, Q2 is seasonally a pretty good quarter for us. Quarter 3 can be. So we've got an outside shot at something like that. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the service business and the controls business are growing so well, too. And our margins are obviously much higher. So it's a little bit distorting about how we might think about fixed cost being factory cost. I do think that there is some capacity we have even in our field service and controls capability that wouldn't require incremental investment. Obviously, it's feet on the street, but we stay in front of that, and we typically hire long in the Service business. So I don't see why having leverage for the quarter -- I'm sorry, for the full year that starts with a 4 would be a problem in the Climate business. 
Michael Lamach: Well, inflation kicks in, just in terms of wage increases beginning in April for the full year, and we tend to see sort of the cost increase there as well puts a little bit of a squeeze on margins there. But fundamentally, Steve, there's not anything really changing, other than the fact that it's hard to believe that price stays as high as it normally is, and material inflation should stay about where it is, but we're looking at just that -- closing that gap a little bit, probably from the price side. 
Michael Lamach: Listen, I went -- probably, I saw 5, 6 of our factories and operations in Europe a month ago. I met with the engineering teams that saw product launching between August and December, Jeff. It's one of the best stories I've seen. Absolutely, the fastest cycle time between ideation and product launch. They're hitting it right on the money in terms of what the customers are looking for. It's been a great story for us. I don't see that stopping for us in 2016. I'm very optimistic, very proud of the work that's gotten done on the HVAC side in Europe. But I would also tell you, switching over to FRIGOBLOCK, FRIGOBLOCK was a family-run German company. If you put sort of a paradigm around that, you might think slow to change or difficult to incorporate on the operating system. What I found there was one of the fastest implementations of an operating system that we've put in place across the company. It's very exciting and the openness around that. And then, the openness of our transport refrigeration team to include that hybrid electric technology into the truck platform is also very positive. So I left Europe feeling very bullish. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, first and foremost, the product line really at this point has been fully developed. And we've hit stride on all the good success with the furnace product, all the good success with the new launches, the variable speed, growth in Nexia. All these things have just been really kind of coming together. Operationally, we just find the pipeline for projects and productivity and quality to be improving. Deliveries have been exceptional in terms of on-time delivery. And having product available where you need it, when you need it, really investing in the warehousing and investing in the product availability. So just a sense here that things have gone right for a long time here and that we'll do better, particularly as the mix moves up north of 14, which it has. So the mix moves more to 14 SEER, we do better anyway. And as the mix moves more toward replacement and away from new construction, we'll do better. 
Michael Lamach: There's no doubt we want to grow the company and grow value over the long run. So we said we're looking at ideas and businesses that we know and run and are successful with. FRIGOBLOCK and Cameron were great examples -- different examples, but great examples of being able to take businesses, put them into an operating system, improve the businesses and deliver essentially what we said we were going to deliver from an accretion perspective. So we feel good about our capability in doing that. We also feel patient. We feel like we don't have to -- we're not compelled to do anything around and M&A. We've got great positions in the marketplace, and there is not a compelling need for us to go to do something and -- potentially do something where we pay too much in that process. So Jeff, we'll continue to evaluate that. When we see opportunities that fit the criteria, we'll pull the trigger. And we clearly want to grow long-term value for the shareholder. And that's probably the best way to do it. With that being said, you couldn't pass up in January stock price dislocated 20% from the peer group. I mean, we jumped in on that and acquired $0.25 billion in January at $0.51 a share. So we're going to be dynamic, we're going to be opportunistic, and we're going to grow shareholder value. If that means we find the right bolt-ons to do that, we're going to jump on those, too. 
Michael Lamach: Well, it's sort of all of the above, Steve, which is probably hard to give clarity on that. But if you take Latin America, we're up mid-teens in Latin America. That's clearly our people out in the street creating demand, making it happen. Mid-teens bookings growth in Asia. I mean, Asia is not that strong. Again, our team is hitting the street. Europe, we talked about product development and the pace of product development. There it's best-in-class in the company. And product management, best we have in the company around getting it exactly right on these product growth teams and understanding where we're competing, how we're going to win against very specific competitors in the market. When these product's launch and they do exactly what they were supposed to do, that's a positive for us. So there's a lot of self-help here happening. And the backdrop on the markets, with the exception of the Middle East, isn't bad. So you've got decent markets and really strong execution. 
Michael Lamach: Last year, we were about 30% growth. This year, we're about the same, Steve. We continue to do well in the market. We continue to sell VRF. We're beginning to also see interest in what's referred to as 4 pipe chillers. So this simultaneous heating and cooling around water circulating through buildings versus refrigerant. It's big in Europe, picking up a little bit of interest in the U.S. The idea here is we're going to have whatever products are demanded in the marketplace, and then we're going to work with the customers to figure out what the best solution is for the building. And that's why our business was up 30% last year. It's why our business is up about the same this year as well. 
Susan Carter: Absolutely. So you're right. The 160-basis-point spread between price and direct material deflation was a strong start to the year. What we expect for the first half of the year is strong performance on a year-over-year basis, because last year, we were still in an inflationary environment in the first half of 2015. So I think the second quarter will be slightly less favorable than the 160 basis points, but what we've adjusted the full year to now, Josh, is 80 basis points of favorable spread between price and direct material deflation. And so the first half, second half reflects basically the year-over-year compares to last year. And then as we look at the 80 basis points, so Q1 performance was driven by strong price performance, and we expect some of that to continue in Q2 and also strong performance from the materials side. Price is one of those areas where, I think, you never want to reach out and assume that you can continue to get price at a great execution level throughout the year in a strong deflationary environment. But as opposed to the commodities themselves, here's what we expect. So we have about 70% of our copper locked in for the year through our contracts. We expect that copper and aluminum are going to be fairly stable in terms of what happens throughout the rest of 2016. You'll see some ups and downs. But generally, I think those are going to be pretty stable. We're seeing a slight uptick in steel, but I don't think that's going to impact us in 2016. Because of the way that our contracts are written, we wouldn't start to see that until the very end of the year. So I think our -- I think our supply base and our commodity teams have done a great job of getting us the deflation that you're seeing in the results. I expect that to continue. All of the Tier 2 pricing really seemed to come in Q1 also. So I think we had a great environment, and I think we'll have a great result. So if you recall, we had given you a look at the full year, I think, 30 to 40 basis points when we last gave guidance, and as I said, we took that up to 80 basis points favorable spread for 2016. 
Susan Carter: Right. So I think the first way to start out that question, Josh, is to say that we -- we've looked at all of the proposed treasury regulations, and we don't expect those regulations to have an impact on our effective tax rate in 2016. As we think about the tax strategy that I've talked about getting us into a low 20s type of tax rate on an ongoing basis, I also don't expect those regulations to have an impact on us getting into those areas. And the reason that I say that is when we're looking at our tax strategy, intercompany debt is one element of some of the things that you can do, trading hubs, procurement hubs, making sure that your transfer pricing is absolutely aligned and other tax efficient projects can help us get to where we want to go. We've also been looking at a project that helps us look at effective tax rates by each of our SBUs, so that we're all working on tax as we do our plans and we do our forward looks, and I think that will help us with an overall tax strategy that doesn't get impacted by the proposed treasury regulations. We'll obviously continue to look at those and make sure that we understand all of the sort of derivative impacts that might be out there from the regulations. But no impact on the rate and no impact on our strategy going forward. 
Susan Carter: Yes, Joe. So the $0.02 of restructuring that we spent in Q1 was related to Industrial. We are continuing to work on restructuring actions for the remainder of the year. And those are going to primarily be in Industrial. So we called out in the guidance about $0.01 for each of the next 3 quarters. I think what's important about the restructuring and the way that we've looked at it is that the restructuring really does have a payback within 2016. So we fully expect to realize the benefits of that $0.05 of restructuring. And that is also what will help us with my comment earlier in my prepared remarks about industrial margins improving in the back half of the year. So some of that productivity kicks in and some of the restructuring actions that were actually started almost a year ago are going to kick in. Now on the ECC [ph] side, we did have some shipments that had pushed out of Q4. We actually had some shipments that pushed out of Q1 also into Q2. But the ECC [ph] story is an interesting one. So if I look at first quarter bookings in total, bookings in total for the ECC [ph] business are actually up significantly in the first quarter. The majority of that is going to be in the products that are outside of the large centrifugal compressors. Those are really coming down. But -- so bookings are up, which is good. The revenues that we're seeing are really being impacted by the large centrifugals, but also importantly, as we think about ECC [ph] and that business is, we expect to really be on track with the revenue and the cost synergies for 2016 that we had outlined. So lots of moving pieces in the business, but I think you'll see some strength in the normal product and in the aftermarket and some bigger weakness and some shipments moving around in the large centrifugal compressors. 
Susan Carter: So Julian, great question. On the Industrial margins, your math is absolutely correct, that in the back half of the year, we do have the operating margins for industrial improving into the low-teens. And as we look at what's going to happen in that back half of the year, so it truly is productivity, still lower inflationary type of rates. So you've got productivity offsetting other inflation. You still have positive price in the back half of the year. And you have just a skosh more volume in the back half of the year than the front. I don't want anyone to think there's a lot of volume recovery that we've built into this. We have not. But there is, by virtue of how the quarters pan out, roughly $50 million of additional revenue in the back half versus the front half. But it's productivity. It is the restructuring actions that are kicking in, and it is the continuation of the actions that the management teams are taking to work through this low revenue and end market decline. 
Susan Carter: That's great. So when I looked at it, so the first thing that we did is we went back and said at the time that we gave the original 17% margin guidance for the Industrial business, the revenues in the business were in the range of $3.6 billion to $3.7 billion. If I look at where we're at today, we're roughly in the $3 billion type of territory. So I think as we look at the business, we're doing all of the right actions today to get the costs in line, but I think what we need is market recoveries and, I think, the revenues to return to sort of that upper $3 billion range for us to get into the 17% margins. We think that's doable, but I think the timeframe is really highly dependent on when the markets come back. Right now, we haven't seen -- the markets actually stop falling. So we need to stabilize first and then the markets to return. But again, I think the way I'm thinking about it is, once of the revenues get back up into the $3.6 billion, $3.7 billion area, where they were when we gave that guidance, that we'll be nearing those 17% type of margins for Industrial. 
Susan Carter: I do think that you will -- we do see other inflation to be higher in the first half versus the second half is when our salary increases take place. That's when a lot of the benefits take place. So when I look at what we plan for the full year, I would say it probably looks more like 40 to 50 basis points for the full year, Julian. 
Susan Carter: Yes, Jeff. It is holding. And I think the great news about the 14 SEER is, what we saw was the balance of 14 SEER and greater product is still about 80% of the revenues in 2016. So we're seeing price. We're seeing the favorable mix that we expected out of the product, and we're also seeing that the balance between 14 SEER and even the 15 SEER and above has not really changed, which does create a good environment, as you alluded to with the price and cost differential. 
Susan Carter: So it was not all residential. It was a combination of residential and also Thermo King. On the Thermo King side and one of the things that we saw was we saw more strength than we expected in truck and trailer, both in North America and in Europe. And then the big declines on Thermo King came from the marine container business that I said was down about 60%. So the 40 basis points of mix was primarily from res and from Thermo King, and it was -- my recollection is it was split pretty evenly. 
