Michael Lamach: Resi was strong in the quarter, bookings and revenue. While we think it continues for the balance of the year. We think the market might be low single digit, mid-single-digit, Steve. We think we'll be mid-single digit for the year there, so that's progressing.  Again, as you know well, it's 80% replacement. We're heavily indexed there. And anything we do incrementally with new construction is actually an add. It's growth for us, so we feel like we're in a great position.  With regard to Commercial North America, we're seeing strength in unitary. We're seeing strength in applied services. We are seeing, particularly verticals, like K-12 labs and the data centers that are growing nicely. So no let-up there.  And then just to anticipate some questions I think that people may ask, if you think about our backlog today across the globe from HVAC perspective, we're up 21% year-over-year and even up sequentially from quarter 1 to quarter 2. So that is, I think, indicative of just continued strong markets and a solid pipeline going forward. 
Michael Lamach: Well, in the markets that we get really good data, third party was just the easiest to look at. Absolutely, that's a fact, yes. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I don't see any changes, really, in HVAC globally. I think we've got a pretty good read on the global landscape. Most markets are strong, and there's pockets where there's weakness, but surprises where markets are strong.  Example of that would be Mexico has gone through a couple of quarters of negative GDP. It's a pretty big market for us. So that's the newer information. But we're relatively strong in an equivalent market in the Southern Cone, Latin America. So it's that sort of thing on the edges that we're looking at. But the markets remain strong.  There's a lot of focus on Thermo King. I think we've done a decent job explaining the constraints that exist in 2018 at Class 8 tractors and how customers wind up in advance really to pull on that supply capability. It translated down through trailers and, of course, that all translated to those customers ordering either APUs or our refrigerated trailers.  The actual takt time of how the heartbeat of a plant runs and we match trailers and units to actual tractors or trailers. It's very smooth. And that backlog generates just mid-single-digit revenue growth that's been pretty consistent.  So noise is around the TK bookings. But again, I think you just have to separate that from the 28 constraints with our customers and think more about HVAC market being strong and Transport just generating solid revenue growth and good backlog and generally healthy markets.  And we're still seeing good order intake rate at Transport. So it's not as if things are drying up even on the order input side there. Just tough comps. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think we've got our eyes wide open in the short cycle, and we've accounted that in our forecast. We had strengthened longer cycles, some of which we expect to shift in the fourth quarter. A lot will shift into 2020.  We have excellent growth in our consumer strategy related to Small Electric Vehicles. So -- and Julian, we've just finished the 5 plus 7 forecast not even a month ago. We had an opportunity to update that last month, risks and opportunities. I think that we feel pretty good about that forecast.  When I look back at the beginning of the year relative to guidance, I would say that Climate markets are trending toward maybe the upper end of that, and Industrial markets maybe would be trending to the lower side of that. But net-net, we feel like we're right where we need to be in terms of the guidance that we gave. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Julian, I mean, when you look at leverage, first of all, in the quarter, we actually had really good leverage. We had leverage above gross margins there, north of 30%. We were able to be right about 30% for the first half of the year. So the question probably relates to what you're thinking to be a step-down in the revenue.  But again here, when you look at 21% year-over-year backlog and sequentially improving backlog from quarter 1 to quarter 2, knowing deliveries and the service business being about half of the business, the amount of book in turn we need to do is actually as small as I can remember it.  So again, we feel pretty good about the revenue number, and I think that, that segment, in general, leverages pretty close on the full year at the 25% rate we guided to originally. So I'm not seeing a lot of weakness there. 
Michael Lamach: We've got, over the years, a wonderful operating system that in terms of the metrics and early warning indicators that we would get, Scott, we feel good about seeing that. Of course, we're seeing none of it today.  But the more important thing we're doing, though, is organizing ourselves in a way that we can compartmentalize what needs to happen and then think about interdependencies between things. So as an example, our #1 priority is to run the business and run it well every day and execute on the commitments we made.  The second priority is the separation itself. Of course, there's no integration without the separation. So there's a separate team focused on separation that does not involve the integration team, which is the third priority.  The third priority around integration is, to the extent we can under the rules of engagement, is to support GDI's lead in that effort. So that continues.  And the fourth thing that we're doing is using the opportunity, the value stream map, much of the company and core process to customers and use the opportunity to think about those core processes in a way that we can make sure that the maximum value added to customers is being delivered and how we might structure from that output. And with that, what might it mean, and of course, the cost structure to maybe speed to market in some cases. It's pretty exciting. But we've tried to make sure that the teams are different people, to the extent we can. Of course, a group like Takt's is going to be related to all 4 of those activities. But we're doing a pretty good job of compartmentalizing that and running it and using the metrics that we've always used to run the business. 
Michael Lamach: We've really designed, really, our technology and go-to-market strategy around sustainability and around eliminating both the emissions and reducing inefficiencies. So this passion around having the most energy-efficient commercial systems out there in the world today; using the most responsible refrigerants that we can put into these systems, leveraging the analytics, the data, the controls around that to put more sophisticated service offerings together; the belief that on the commercial side, we need to be doing that ourselves, not through independent distribution because of the complexity of what it takes to model, sell, service, deliver against those plans. That's been our strategy and we've been consistent about that and just executing hard against that. I think from a goal deployment perspective, another core part of the operating system, there's no mystery in the company as to what our goals are, what's expected, what we're measuring. So that -- it's just coming together in a way that has worked, Scott, over a long period of time. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Both are progressing well there, John. Always surprised at the degree of service penetration in China, how quickly that's maturing. So there's really no surprises there. And from a service perspective, we continue to do well there. So not much more to say there.  Obviously, the U.S. and Europe are the gold standard around penetration and linkage. And then China is quickly, over the years, coming to that point. And over the next 5 years, I think it will be at the same level as our North American and European penetration. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Nigel, I would call it, Asia, in your first question, probably, to be -- we're seeing the long-cycle bookings. And here, you're seeing chemicals, manufacturing, energy. 
Michael Lamach: Air separation would be another, for sure. So that will be what I'd point out there.  With North America, with the U.S. in particular, there was a slowdown, it seemed, after there was a flurry in the USMCA discussions between Mexico and the U.S. on the possibility of U.S. imposing additional tariffs if Mexico wouldn't secure the borders from the Mexican side. Roughly after that, we saw a slowdown. I think it was certainly an end-user demand, and that obviously affects the sell-through of distribution of short-cycle products there. And it's bounced around a little bit but off kind of that lower level. So hopefully, all that, I guess, cleaned up permanently and I think that will have a restorative impact on the short cycle when it does. I think it will be a nice bounce up when there's certainty around that. 
Michael Lamach: No. Nigel, it was exceptionally strong for us. So no. I would say it would be the highlight of the quarter as opposed to a weakness. I can't tell you why we'd be different, but I can tell you it was a standout in the quarter. 
Michael Lamach: No. It was a little bit last year of some prebuy. I think it got pulled in, in the second quarter. That's really the only kind of -- it wasn't a big number, but it was a little bit of a compare -- a difference there. I think a number of companies said that happened. So no not really, Jeff, to answer your question.  I think it's just fundamentals remained strong. I think that consumer generally still feels good, pretty healthy, and we're not seeing any changes to that. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. The starting point, just to be clear, is something that we're all very proud of over 10-plus years. And so transformation does not mean, if there's something bad, it's something good. It means there's an opportunity here to really go think -- obviously, from a name and a brand, all the way through the simplification of legal entities, the way that we might look at the way that support services have performed across the company, we will apply the same value stream mapping that we would do in a manufacturing process to the way record to report, or procure to pay, or any kind of order the cash process would work. We'll look through our field organization and understand how that would pan out in terms of incentives and some of the metrics that are out in the field. And just make sure that those are where we want them to be.  There's likely different structures that will evolve when you answer those questions. And I think with the goal toward customer focus, a goal toward simplification, being tighter on some of the investment focus on our core sustainability themes. All those things I think are exciting to people inside the company because we're building off a piece of -- a strong foundation. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I can't really contrast it to anybody else, but I can tell you, we're about 50-50 direct and indirect. We really didn't see any difference in order rates there at all. I guess in 45 or so earnings calls -- I can't remember, I don't think I've ever used weather as a strategy or as an excuse.  So I can tell you weather normalizes very quickly often within a year, with a bias toward a warming planet. There's more degree days in the future, not fewer. So it's a great place to be, and we like the footprint that we've got.  Our focus is on market share and margin expansion as it is for every product growth theme we have inside the company. So those are 2 clear goals that we have, and that doesn't change. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. It's too early on that. I mean we'd like to see the update that's coming out around Class A. We'd like to see the updates coming out around refrigerated trailers to know that. My sense is there's no way to burn off all of the backlog we've got in '19. I know we're into '20, as it stands. Order rate is still healthy.  So just a really early view, which was the same view we gave last time, is when you normalize the '18 bookings over a '19 and '20 revenue cycle, I think you get kind of the steady takt coming out of the business of mid-single-digit growth rates. So I would have no reason to deviate from that at this point.  In fact, Gautam, I hope, depending on how sort of Brexit really unfolds and unwinds, that next year, we're sort of getting through this low point in Europe. And potentially, we're seeing strength in Europe, which has been markedly slower than North America as a result of just what's happening with the broader European economy. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think you're largely thinking about what consumers might think. But if you think about any institutional building, any data center, any industrial building in Europe, they've got the same requirements that you've got all over the world. And I would say the booking rates there, for us, for multiple years have been extraordinary. We've said, I think in '16, that we would double the business by 2020, and we're going to definitely do that.  So I look at economy there, that even though it's modeling around kind of flattish, we've had bookings growth and revenue growth that's been in that high teens, low-20s range now for multiple years.  But we're not focused on the consumer there per se. Although there is an extraordinary opportunity, I think going forward around the electrification of heat in Europe, as you'll see more of that application as opposed to the problems of boilers in Europe over time. When that happens, I do think we've got a business and a product portfolio that will benefit from that regulatory conversion in Europe to electrification of heat. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. When we think about our CapEx, there's been little difference to how we think about it because we want to make things where we sell things, and that's generally what we've always done. And I would say there's even a stronger concentration of that than it was 5 years ago. That's been our strategy.  As it relates to the supply chain, it depends. Where there is an easy answer, yes, we'll look for an opportunity there if we can, and we've made some movement there. So the answer to your question is, from our own footprint perspective, we're continuing to do what we do from a supply chain perspective. Around the edges, there's things that we do to move supply where we can. 
Michael Lamach: Andrew, just a bit on your question. I'm just going to follow up, I know you're off the line here. But it's interesting a, lot of the Chinese customers that we have that we're looking to move production away from China to maybe avoid some of the U.S.-China tariffs were thinking about Mexico as well. I think that some of what they've done and decided has changed over time, and I think we're seeing more in areas like Vietnam, as an example, as opposed to Mexico. So there are changes with our customers in terms of how they're working their footprint for sure. 
Michael Lamach: Okay. I'm just taking $40 million of operating income on $124 million revenue rise, and that's what I'm looking at. 
Michael Lamach: I would say, in both Climate and Industrial, from March forward, bookings have steadily improved in China, specifically. And -- but the markets have shifted. As an example, electronics would be down, say, 15% as a market, but you're going to find other markets that have been compensating for that in some of the heavier industries that would have compensated. And steel would be an example there, something that's -- or power generation, where there's a market both for Industrial and for process cooling in those markets. So that's been good.  Yes, we're stacking quarter 1 and quarter 2 '19 against plus 20s kinds of comps in quarter 1, 2 of '18, so the stack in that is sort of still mid -- kind of low to mid-teens growth over the 2-year period. So we're happy with kind of what's going on in terms of the strategy there that we had around the direct sales force that we've put in place. And then we're happy with the linkage, the service there.  China is slower than it was historically, but still a pretty good market. And there's a focus not quite as strong as Europe around sustainability, but certainly, as I've talked in the past, much more of focus in China around clean air and clean water. That's having a positive impact on what we do. 
Michael Lamach: And Andy maybe some -- just to give you one point of specificity here, positive bookings growth in the quarter against if you think about sort of all the food management peers that are out there, that I think are booking negative. We're very proud of that. 
Susan Carter: John, what I would say is when you think about how we called price/cost for the year, we're basically in line with how we called it. So we knew that we were going to have some great price comparisons on a year-over-year basis in the front half of the year, and we knew that in the back half of the year, we were going to lap some comparisons to last year. So price is going to actually be -- it's not a deceleration at all, but the comparisons to price in the back half of last year are going to result in a little bit less of a spread than in the first half of the year.  But in terms of expectations, that's exactly what we would have expected. The prices are going through. They are sticking. They are truly being realized in the business. And material inflation is actually doing approximately what we thought it would do for the year, which is we've got the tariffs covered. We've got all of the elements of costs covered, and we're seeing a little bit of material stabilization.  But again, stabilization to our expectations in the back half of the year and a little bit of deflation, but given the way that we buy materials, probably more of a 2020 impact.  So when I think about the whole price/cost and sort of put it in the basket, I think the price comparisons are more difficult in the back half of the year than the front half of the year. Material inflation is doing about what we expected, and that gives us roughly the 20 to 30 basis points of spread for the entire year on price/cost. I mean maybe it's a skosh purse-conservative. But it looks about like we thought it would look, which is the really good part of that. 
Susan Carter: Well, Joe, if you remember, we actually -- when we gave our original guidance for the year, we had actually planned on both copper and steel perhaps having less inflation in Q3 and Q4, and that's basically coming true.  So if you think about copper specifically that you asked about, we're about 75% locked for the back half of the year, which is typical for us. Where you'll see the benefit of those spot rates on copper that really have come down is really in 2020, as I said. So we're doing buys every month for -- whether it's for 2019 or for 2020. So you'll see the advantage of that appearing in the 2020 numbers.  And pretty much the same thing on steel. We know what we're paying for steel about 6 months in advance. And with either one of those commodities, the highest spot prices were in Q1. They started to come down in Q2, and they'll -- the spot rates that we see right now are down in Q3 and Q4. But again, that's more to our expectations. I don't expect that to be a huge tailwind in the back half of the year.  On the other hand, the good news is, is it's not actually a headwind like we've seen for the last couple of years. So like I say, we're taking advantage of it with our buying processes and with our supply chain each and every time we buy the commodities. But it actually is performing about like we expected and called for during the year. 
Susan Carter: Yes. It is actually a refreshing type of business because they do have several different brands that they operate under and several different end markets that they go to, and the management team is excellent at finding a real balance between the opportunities in the portfolio and the risks in the portfolio. And they are operating to the management plan that we used when we bought the business, which is great news, both revenue, operating income as well as cash flow. 
