Chris Kuehn: Hey, Scott, it’s Chris. The $60 million is, let’s say, the final year of that $300 million cost takeout program that we launched at the start of Trane Technologies. $300 million run rate savings now achieved by the end of 2023. So we did really just want to put a little bit of a bow around that program. However, I would tell you that the business operating system that we’ve had and we’ve built over, over a decade it’s really driven to drive strong productivity and cost savings over the long-term. So while that discrete program is behind us, I would say we’re very focused on the cost structure of the company and making sure we’re getting the right leverage over the long-term. And so we’ll always look at opportunities to lean out the structure in the organization.
Chris Kuehn: Yes.  Thanks, Julian. It’s Chris. Look, the 25% organic leverage, or better, you’re right, it’s part of our long-term target within the company and our guide for 2024, it gives us a lot of optionality to invest back in our businesses at a steady rate and really drive market outgrowth. And I’ll tell you, we continue to see lots of opportunities to invest back into our businesses. We do expect 2024 to be a year of increased investments, just like 2023 was. And some of the examples we put out there. I mean, there’s the continued innovation investment. Think about the electrification of our portfolios and heating, cooling and transport products, self help around factory automation, and we’re always looking out three years to four years in terms of demand and making sure we’ve got the infrastructure to keep up with that demand. So factory automation is a big investment for us. We continue into 2024. Digital, think about digital services, digital controls. Dave just talked about the Nuvolo acquisition we’re very excited about as we continued investment there. Expanding digital twin opportunities. I can keep running down the list, but I’ll end with sales and service investments. We really see that over now six years, driving high single-digit CAGR and services growth. We really like making investments in that space as well. It’s about a third of our overall enterprise revenues. So the fact that we want to get started earlier in the year with those investments means that the payback will come sooner from that earlier start. So those are some of the reasons. But the guide is 25% plus. We want to make sure we’re always relentlessly investing, and frankly, we don’t want anyone to catch up to where our investments are today.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, Steve, it’s Chris. Think about 2024 at the enterprise level around a point of price. It could be a little better than that. But as we’ve seen throughout 2023, the price contribution has started to level off as we move through the quarters. We had over 6 points of price in Q1, and we ended the fourth quarter with less than 3 points of price. So there'll be some carryover into 2024, but we're dialing in at the enterprise level probably around a point, it could be a little bit better than that.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Tier 1 is fairly stable. I appreciate the notes you put out every weekend with updates on commodities, it's a close read. At Tier 2 that happens to be inflationary, right. As we're looking at wage inflation, refrigerants are a couple of examples in that space and we continue to work with our vendors on the demand we're putting through with our order growth. So Tier 2 is a bit inflationary. Freight could be a little bit inflationary going into 2024 with a very positive, at least for us in 2023, on the cost side. But overall, I would say we're on track to get 20 to 30 basis points, price over cost in the year like we would normally target. But we remain flexible right where we see things turn and we need to make another price adjustment. We've got the business operating system to do that.
Chris Kuehn: All in for resi, its – we're dialing in a flat year. Our guide would take into account a plus or minus low-single digits on full year revenues for resi. I'd expect price to be at that one or less kind of level for residential. Really is going to depend on what we think for the volume in the year, but not a lot of price necessarily coming through at this point.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. We don't have a lot baked into 2024 on the conversion to 454B. If we think that does have an impact, it's certainly second half of the year, maybe fourth quarter impact. We haven't dialed in the pricing exactly on that. We'll do that as we get ready to launch our products. But it's in the ballpark of what others have said around pricing. But we'll see how the year evolves, we'll see how the demand plays with the 410A product versus the 454B transition, and we'll update as we kind of go through the year.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Hey, Jeff, it's Chris. What we really talked about was in the Americas and in EMEA for commercial HVAC. We can really see from our guide probably up high-single-digits for the year in the Americas with resi. We're guiding that around flat plus or minus LSD, but we're calling it flat. TK Americas markets are down around 10 points on a blended average basis. We'll outperform that. Think of that around mid-single digits down in the Americas. And then if I go to transport and EMEA markets also down low-single digits and we'll outperform those markets. And one of the slides we really like putting into the materials is really just the history of market performance versus our performance within the transport businesses and it gives us a lot of confidence with the investments we made over the years and we continue to make that we've got the ability to outperform markets again in 2024. But think of EMEA as if the market is down-low singles, then we're flat to maybe a little bit better than that. And then Asia, to Dave's point, with a great team there, we're seeing somewhere in the mid singles kind of range. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of context. Julian got pretty close to it when he asked the question before, but I'll just kind of summarize it here.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Jeff it's Chris. I mean, look it's early in the year, resi on the comment. We're calling it flat on a full year basis. We'll see if we get any price growth there. Maybe a little bit and even on our 1% guide for the full year, could it be better than that? Yes, we remain flexible as we move through the year and we'll look at the dynamics of cost. But right now we've got positive spread in the guide like we would target any year. But we'll be nimble to opportunities, so think of it as just the start of the year. We like putting out guidance that we can meet or exceed on a full year basis, and we'll update you as we go through.
Chris Kuehn: Hi, I think that’s where it starts, Dave. Right. 2021, 2022, even 2023, we really saw where we led on price there. So, we’re being strategic, Nigel, as we think about that again, the 1% guide for the year right now, it’s early in the year. We’ll see how we do as we move throughout the year. But services, what we would look at is, we look at wage inflation, look at the demand out there in the marketplace and make sure we’re pricing appropriately. We’re also not there, and we’ve said this for many years, we’re really not out there to try to gouge our customers. What we were trying to do is offset inflation a few years ago with price. We want customers for life. And so we’re going to think about that as we move through the process here. But we don’t see pricing moving backwards here in the businesses. But again, the 1% guide, it’s just early in the year, we’ll update you as we move throughout it.
Chris Kuehn: We’ll give it some thought as we move throughout. You’re right on amortization. It’s actually really the main driver with the Nuvolo acquisition that we wanted to call out with higher amortization, non-cash accounting rule based shorter lived assets in terms of how you amortize those with a high technology business, that’s a youngish company. But yes, we’ll watch it as we go forward. I really like our cash EPS in 2023. I calculated that after knowing your question was going to come up with 103% on cash and net income. I like our cash EPS. We have lots of opportunities still within our working capital, especially in inventory to make sure we have that level set, and that’ll be a nice opportunity for us on cash going forward. But as we move out into the future years, right at some point we’re going to start comping against the Trane acquisition amortization. Right. So as we move out into the future years, we may see some of that starting to roll off as well. Not so much here in 2024, but as we look out in the future, we could start seeing that being a tailwind, let’s say, on operating income. But that’s why we like also showing the EBITDA margins for investors. Right. It takes out that noise on the amortization and just gives another metric to look at.
Dave Regnery: Hey, Scott, how are you doing? This is Dave. Look, our M&A pipeline is strong, and I think we’ve been able to demonstrate, I think we actually closed five deals in 2023. We like technologies, we like products that we could put through our channels. And I think you see the success that we’ve had with those, whether it be MTA last year, AL-KO. We recently acquired Nuvolo, which we’re very excited about from think of it as augmenting our connected solutions. Very excited the more I learn about Nuvolo. So, look, we have a very active pipeline. We love the portfolio we have today. So I think you’ve heard me say in the past, we don’t need to do anything, but obviously, we’re always looking for opportunities where we can take a technology or a channel and expand what we do great today. So we’ll continue to be active in that area and expect more to come.
Dave Regnery: Yes, it’s a great question. We really like the model we have today with 25% plus. It gives us a lot of optionality, and as a CEO, you look at our results, right? And you look at the top-line, you say, okay, we’re going to have 9% growth for the year. I’m not sure that’s going to be top quartile. We believe it will be. We’ll see when everyone else reports. I look at the bottom line and I look at EPS growth of 23%. Pretty confident that’ll be top quartile. And by the way, that’s the third consecutive year that we’ve had 20% or greater EPS growth. And then I look at the quality of our earnings, Julian, and I’ll use free cash flow as a proxy to determine that. And over a three-year period, free cash flow of 100%. So, we’re very happy with the model. And you take that and you wrap it around our culture, which is uplifting and a can do culture that we have at train technologies. We’re very excited about the future, and we’re very happy with our performance in the past. But I always tell people our brightest days are still in front of us. So expect more investment, expect more growth, and expect us to continue to innovate for the industry.
Dave Regnery: No, I think the first half will be tougher than the second half. Okay. A lot of that has to do with the comps. As I said in our prepared remarks. Think of the America’s weighted average will be down in the 10%. We’ll do better than that. We’ll outperform. EMEA is a little bit down low single digits. We’ll do better than that as well. Look, our Thermo King business, it’s a great fact – actually, after right up to this meeting, I’m going to be joining the Thermo King dealer network in the Americas. And it’s a great business. We have such a great dealer network there. We’ve been through these slight downturns before. This will snap back. If you look at what axe projecting right now, it’s down in 2024, a quick snap back into 2025, and then they have growth through 2028. And we’re very optimistic with a lot of the innovation that we’ve already launched and what’s coming, that this is a great business not only today, but well into the future.
Dave Regnery: Yes, Chris, great question. And our team has just executed at a very high level. I’ll start with that. And you think about it, with the direct sales force, we’re able to really pivot to where the opportunity is. And we track, I’ll use the Americas here, but we track 14 different verticals and there are some verticals that are very strong right now. Data centers you just spoke about also in the high tech, think of the semiconductor space. Education is another, healthcare is another, very strong verticals. We’re able to capture those opportunities with our direct sales force, very technical sales force, and be able to really meet or exceed, in many cases exceed our customers’ expectations. So very happy with what we’ve seen from an order growth standpoint in the Americas, very help and very happy as well as in Europe, that team has continued to perform very well. And in Asia, I know there’s a lot of, we’ve heard a lot on the different calls that have already occurred where people were talking about being down in Asia. Well, our business in Asia, with the leadership team we have there, we’re doing very well in Asia. And our revenue growth in Asia last year was 10%. By the way, that’s on a two-year stack that’s 20%. So the team performs very well there. And I’d be – also, the service business that we have, I could not be prouder of what our service business really on a global basis has been able to do. In 2023, our service business was up in the teens on a compound annual growth rate over the last six years; our service business has been up in the high, high single digits. As our installed base continues to increase in the applied space, you could see that tailwind really happening within service. So very happy with our results and very happy with the order book that we have going into 2024. It gives us a lot of visibility into 2024.
Dave Regnery: Yes, I mean, it’s not new to us. We’ve been in data centers for a long time. We’re very strong in that vertical. There’s a lot of public information out there that’s trying to size the data center market, and it’s somewhat difficult. You have a lot of variations in those reports just because by nature, the data center market is very confidential to data center providers. Okay? They don’t want a lot of that information out. But if you look at the reports and just kind of triangulate it, you get a global market anywhere between, I mean it’s a big range, but $6.5 billion [ph] to up to $10 billion. So, I mean, it’s a big range out there. And if you look at growth rates, if you take the most conservative growth rate, you’re going to see high teens, maybe mid teens growth on a compound annual growth rate for the next five years. So this is a very strong vertical today. We do very well in it with our very technical sales team calling on data center customers and working with them. It’s very strong today and anticipate it being strong well into the future.
Dave Regnery: Yes, Joe, thanks for the question. I think I’d say yes, yes and yes. Okay. It’s a system of things that makes our service business great. It starts with a great operating system around our service business. We track probably 30 different KPIs. And if you went to one of our offices, you’d see very detailed tracking on our service, which really leads to our success. So it’s a great business. Okay? I won’t disclose too much about our playbook, but we have a very detailed playbook, and you see it in our results. And I would tell you that our service business is really built around our applied systems. And as our applied systems continue to populate at an increasing rate, you could see the tail that we’re getting in our service business. Think about applied system. I said this in our opening remarks. Think about it as for every dollar of equipment; think about eight times to 10 times over the life our service business. And you could now start to see that flywheel that’s being created in our service business. So great business today. As Chris said, it’s about a third of the enterprise growing nicely, and we’re investing heavily in it, because we know there’s a lot of opportunities in the future as well.
Dave Regnery: Yes, I mean, I’ll speak of the Americas, and I think I said earlier, we track about 14 different verticals. Office is one of the weaker ones in 2023, and right now we’re forecasting that weakness to continue in 2024. We do believe that at one point office will come back and with our direct sales force, we’ll pivot to that opportunity and capture that opportunity. But right now, it’s going to be soft at least through 2024. We’ll see – we’ll report back as the year progresses as to how that vertical is behaving. There’s a lot in the news about it, so it’s got some recovery to do, but it’ll be soft in 2024. But that’s all baked into our guide, Joe, so, that’s we’ve taken that into account. And I would tell you that the strength that we’re seeing in some other verticals are going to be more than compensate what we’re seeing in the office vertical.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, it's a great question. We continue to do very well in Europe, obviously, as you see in our results. Obviously some of that has to do with thermal management system, which is really electrification of heating. Some of it has to do with some key verticals that are very strong, like data centers and electronics. Look, we're migrating that technology to different parts of the world. It's not just in the U.S. we're also bringing it to Asia. We think there's a tremendous opportunity to electrify heating and to significantly reduce the carbon footprint for buildings and help them de-carbonize around the globe. We have already introduced several products in different regions. That trend will continue in 2024. And by the way, I don't want you to think that we've stopped innovating in Europe because that continues, it well. I think we're on our, last time I was there was like our fourth or fifth generation of what's happening there. So this is an evolving market. We believe its tremendous opportunity, excuse me, for the future, but we have solutions that have set great paybacks for our customers that, and a lot of people, I was getting asked the other day about some of the incentives around this. I'm like, yes, the incentives are great tailwinds, but these projects stand on their own. I mean there's great paybacks, if you're able to increase the efficiency by three, four times these are fantastic opportunities for Trane Technologies and they're fantastic opportunities for our customers to really help them de-carbonize and actually save money as well in the process. So we're really excited about thermal management systems and expect to see more around the world.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I'm so proud of what our team has been able to do in Asia. In fact, Thursday morning I have my 06:30 a.m. call with the Asia team and they're super excited about what they see moving forward. I think that sometimes if you look at the headlines coming out of China specific, where you're going to see GDP down and you see what's happening in the residential space there. I would tell you that the verticals that we're really strong in continue to be strong. And it is the pharmaceutical, it is semiconductor, it is data centers. We have great offerings there and we continue to win. So we're excited about the opportunities that exist in front of us there.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, we're still holding out hope, okay, look, we are seeing some of it in the commercial space with the 179D tax credit, so that is driving some tailwinds, okay. On the resi side, yes, that's been a little bit muted. We're still hopeful that that could work through. We're still marketing to the customers about heat pumps and the importance of heat pumps and how we can help them. The key is going to be on IRA, and I've said this in the past, Jeff. You got to make it simple, right. So make it simple. It's complex. Don't let that complexity make its way to the customer because they won't understand it. So we've been really good with taking the complexity out of some of these more intricate policies, and that's going to be the key to success. So the short answer is we still believe it's a tailwind. It's going to be a tailwind for both residential and for commercial. We just hope that the pipe starts opening in residential sooner versus later.
Dave Regnery: What may be surprised me a little bit is the amount of time it's taken to burn off. I think you heard me in our third quarter call was we thought we'd be complete in Q4 and that's – that's not the case. So this will burn off eventually. Right now it's going to go in through at least the first quarter, really the first half. But look, we're optimistic on residential, it's a great business. It will snap back. It is, I've always said for a long time now think of resi as a GDP-plus business that hasn't changed. And the inventory in the independent wholesale distributor channel will start to align to demand. It's the first quarter, I remind you that. So we'll see what happens here as we get into peak season. So we'll give you an update as we get to our first quarter earnings call.
Dave Regnery: Yes, I mean, Deane, I appreciate your insights in emerging cooling. I think you did a great piece on that so appreciate that educating really the industry on the possibilities that we have with immersion cooling. Look, we’re still very bullish. Our view hasn’t changed. We’re working through the technology, okay really on the fluid itself. So that’s continuing to evolve. But we also believe it’s a big opportunity. And if you think about it right, I mean, think about data centers. It’s a massive market today. Think about the growth rates that’s going to happen over the next five years. And whether you choose the high teen’s compound annual growth rate or you’re in the 20s, it’s a large growth number. And the technology is going to continue to evolve. And I think that immersion cooling could be one of those technologies of the future. And we’re certainly right in the middle of it, as you said, and we’re going to continue to be bullish on that.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Let me just start, and I’m going to let Chris talk about price. Nigel, I think it’s always important to look at the history on pricing. So if you remember, we were really early with pricing. Right. And that’s really because of our business operating system. We were able to see around that corner. So you really have to go back in history and kind of look at what we did early on versus maybe some of our competitors are catching up a little bit. So, Chris, I’ll let you answer the rest of the question.
Dave Regnery: I certainly think it is a game changer, when you start thinking about thermal management systems and electrification of heating and being able to significantly reduce the carbon footprint of a building and have a very, very efficient system versus a conventional system. So, I think if you wrap all together I’d say sure, absolutely. It’s a game changer. It’s making its way around the world and as we launch it in different regions and continue to see more of that in the future.
Dave Regnery: So I think any policy or tax credit become tailwinds. I don’t think they’re the only driver. I think the main driver of these systems is very, very efficient, they’re very sustainable and they have great paybacks with or without any kind of policy or tax credit. Tax credit will be a benefit to it, but it’s not the only thing that’s driving.
Dave Regnery: Yes, I really don’t. I think last year the EPA came out and kind of clarified so you can manufacture to the end of this year and then you have a complete through 2025 to do the sell through. We see that as all that was a good ruling by the EPA. We support that it gives the channel time to do proper sell through. So, we see that all as possible. I don’t see any different dynamic there on the light unitary and I’m defining light unitary as less than 25 tons. So it’ll really be the same dynamic that we’re seeing in res.
Dave Regnery: It’s a large portion of our unitary business, but we also have this great applied business, Andrew, that’s even bigger.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I would tell you we’ve been in the digital space for a long time. Okay? So digital twins are not new to us. Connected solutions are not new to us. I think that bringing Riaz on board, which is he’s just a fantastic talent and early days, is just doing a great job. It’s just creating a huge focus, and we believe that digitalization is a big part of our future, and Riaz is going to help us see the opportunities that exist. You take with Riaz, You take the Nuvolo that we’ve added on, you think about what we’re doing with digital twins. There’s a lot of opportunities there. And you think about the level that we’re seeing in our service business today, the growth rates we’re seeing. Just think of that even getting stronger with a digital application in the future.
Dave Regnery: Yes, I would just say that expect our backlog to remain elevated for several periods. Look, we’re at $6.9 billion right now. It’s the same level we were at when we entered 2023. So it’s very strong. I think one thing I would say is that the composition of the backlog is changing quite a bit. And as we went through 2023, it’s now like 90% plus commercial HVAC. And think of that as applied systems, which has that long service tail associated with it. So a lot of demand in the verticals, data centers, et cetera, that really require applied systems. So, we’re very happy with our performance.
Andrew Obin: Hey, how are you? Just a question on CMS, I think you highlighted it to us back last year and my understanding that it sort of qualifies ITC, I think was clarified back in November, and I think there are potential more tax incentives. Does this change the game on TMS in North America? Or it’s know, just more arrows in your quiver and just to work with your customers and to provide a good solution for them? Is that a game changer? That’s a question I guess.
Andrew Obin: Yes, I guess I was referring to is the tax credit a game changer? No. I know you’re excited about the technology.
Andrew Obin: That makes sense. And then as we think about inventory in the channel and the refrigerant change both on residential and light commercial, how do you see, I think you addressed inventory on residential, but how do you see it playing out on light commercial? And I know it’s sort of hard to pin down what qualifies as light commercial. And then the second question does it introduce different seasonality first half versus second half for the unitary business? Thank you.
