Michael Lamach: Thanks, Janet. Good morning and thank you for joining us on today's call. Earnings per share from continuing operations for the third quarter were $1.07. That's $0.09 better than the midpoint of our guidance range from July. About half of the beat came from operations and the remainder was from other income. Versus our prior guidance, revenues were slightly below the low end of our revenue guidance range. We were pleased with our ability to navigate a challenging market environment and to deliver above our earnings commitment with solid operational execution in all the businesses. Margin increased 110 basis points despite a slight year-over-year decline of revenues on a reported basis. Versus last year's third quarter, operating margins were up in each of the sectors. Markets were somewhat softer, somewhat below our outlook, particularly in China, which continues to show slower-than-expected growth. We also saw a slowing in international industrial markets. Foreign exchange negatively impacted revenues by 2%. Revenues, excluding foreign exchange, were up 1%. Excluding FX, we saw a moderate growth in revenues in industrial and single-digit declines in climate and security. Residential revenues were up 11% year-over-year. Excluding Hussman, orders were down 1% but up 2%, excluding currency. Operating margin for the quarter was 12.5%, up 110 basis points versus prior year. Margins improved from pricing and productivity, partially offset by unfavorable mix, currency and investment spending year-over-year. Steve will give you more structured details in a few minutes, but to highlight a few areas. Residential delivered 430 basis points of margin improvement and gained share in the quarter. Industrial improved margins 140 basis points on 1% revenue growth. Climate increased margins 100 basis points on a comparable basis in the face of a challenging mix between Trane and Thermo King. And finally, Security delivered 20 basis points of margin improvement despite continuing soft markets. All the businesses continue to realize positive pricing. And in the third quarter, our price realization outpaced direct material inflation for the sixth consecutive quarter. Our focus on operational excellence and innovation delivered excellent results in the quarter and enabled us to effectively navigate global market conditions. I'm very encouraged by our execution performance in the face of generally slowing market conditions, which we expect to continue to present challenges in the last quarter of the year. Now Steve will take you through the quarterly results in more detail. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Nigel, we actually saw a progression from Q1, 2 and 3 in bookings; high negative kind of teen bookings in Q1; negative mid-teens, Q2; slight low digit, almost flat in Q3. And then just sort of orders in hand in Q4 would give us sort of a sense of fourth quarter bookings in total being up for the year. So we feel pretty good about that. Now if you go beyond China, Asia has actually been fairly healthy as well. So we're about equally divided between China and Asia. So in general, I think we're rounding the corner in China. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, inflation moderates Q3 to Q4 sequentially. Price moderates from Q3 to Q4 sequentially. We think this will be the seventh quarter in a row that we'll still see a positive spread between the 2. 
Michael Lamach: Nigel, one of the reasons why bookings were pretty flat is, I mentioned in my remarks that the marine business is down significantly. So if you take marine, which is -- shows up in our European pile, it's down quite a bit from prior year. So the -- when I say quite a bit, it's a double-digits-plus type of a number. So if you look at truck and trailer bookings in Q3, the Americas were actually up double digits. We're still seeing some pressure on bookings in the truck-trailer in Europe. But quite frankly, these bookings in truck-trailer Europe are not down as far as we kind of expect. And so what you got here is we're continuing to hold our own in what I'll call the core of our business within TK truck and trailer globally. But the marine container piece is having a big impact on it. 
Michael Lamach: Well, outlook for TK for the full year is flat, slightly down in total. So North America would be up mid-single digits; Europe, excluding marine, down mid-teens; and marine down over 20%. So I think the math works out, Nigel. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, it's in the applied business, and we're seeing really strong bookings in -- throughout the year and in fourth quarter, in the Middle East, that continues to bode well. The combination of new product introductions, I think, helping to support that. And we're seeing actually a little bit better performance in Southern Europe than we would have thought coming into the year. So actually, the weakest part relative to our own forecast would have been Northern Europe, particularly Germany. But the Middle East and India are really strengths for us. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I think from a retail perspective at Big Box, you'll see the typical fourth quarter de-stocking that goes on. So I think just in terms of their patterns for the last 7, 8 years that I've been involved, we'll see some de-stocking there across the board. From an HVAC perspective, I think inventories are largely in check with where they should be. So I don't particularly see any anomaly happening between inventory levels and the seasons there. 
Michael Lamach: We feel good about it. If you look in the course, really, of just the season, we've been able to not just get 2011 back, but really kind of gain on 2010. And I think that as next year we come into the season and we continue to sharpen our cost position on those entry-level products and our distribution system across those products, I feel pretty good about our odds. We're still, if you think about sort of the Trane brand in terms of brand recognition, it's just roughly twice our share. And I think that's really the entitlement going forward for us is to continually eat into that entitlement in the years ahead. So I feel good about what we've done, and I feel good about actually next year. I wish it was summer at this point. 
Michael Lamach: Well, specifically, Jeff, in performance contracting, we had some larger bookings in Q3 there, which always lends itself towards larger applied sales. And again, if you look at even the shift between Unitary and Applied, Q3 and Q4, you're seeing that -- what we're seeing -- Unitary, down to the mid-single digits. Applied is up mid-single digits. So all that is really getting more toward large retrofits that are driven by energy savings, energy efficiency. So we're actually, I would say, seeing more of a shift toward energy efficiency. If you look at sort of the customer base, whether it's institutional or it's commercial or manufacturing customers that buy Applied cooling products from us, or for that matter, Applied air compressor products from us, they're looking at the same sort of markets that we are, which are largely flat markets. And for a lot of these units that are coming out, particularly the newer units we're putting out in the marketplace, you're seeing 2-, 3-year paybacks, and that's sort of a sweet spot. So I would probably differ from the view you heard and say that we're seeing probably more of a shift there. It's also true that we shifted resources, feet on street, really from looking at some of the -- I would say the sort of the plan and spec market over to the retrofit market toward energy conservation. So you've also got more feet on street for us, pursuing owner direct negotiations that are energy efficiency motivated. So that can be part of it. It's just the focus that we've had on trying to find some growth in pockets where we think growth can be had, which isn't in the planned spec institutional construction market. 
Michael Lamach: We've been living with Daikin McQuay for a while now. So we've seen that on the Commercial side. And on the Residential side, it's just way too soon to have seen anything there to comment on it. So nothing to this point. 
Michael Lamach: We intend to talk to the Board in December and really lay that out for you for 2013, Jeff. But as we said last time, we tend to go back and take a meaningful step in the dividend and to go back and reauthorize the share repurchase going forward. So we'll be able to size that up for you in December. 
Michael Lamach: It was a success. The season is largely over if you think about it from a cooling standpoint. Moving into the heating season here, I think we're in great shape really with regard to the furnace platform, the work we've been doing there to get all price points including the highest efficiency, 95% efficiency furnaces ready for the market. So it was a success, and I think we'll build on it next year. We'll expand capacity there and expand distribution and continue to make sure that we've got an effective product at that point, and a product range. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, generally, Dean, I'd say it even splits a little finer than that. Applied, yes; I mean Unitary, I was just talking about larger unitary. So particularly on 25 tons and maybe even 50 tons and larger, it starts to really almost look like an engineered system itself with controls packages that go along with that. So I think with that regard, it's much more of an Applied sale than it would be for the smaller Unitary up through 25 tons, maybe up through 50 tons. And what you saw in the first couple quarters of the year was that light unitary and smaller unitary markets really growing. There was a bit of a commercial surge with commercial office buildings at that point in time, and of course we participated in that with a very high share. 
Michael Lamach: Steve, we -- to answer that, we have to look at all the levers that we have to pull there because we manage them really independently. And if you think about the lean work going on, we're on track there with what we set out to do with a number of value streams. More importantly, since those value streams are widening, we're looking at this more as a percentage of the cost under transformation, particularly the conversion cost of labor and overhead. So that continues as planned, and we're still seeing the nice separation between results but now over a little bit bigger base than we had last year. We're also applying it to the SG&A side of the business, a project we internally refer to as AGILE, where we're redefining the SG&A structure -- really the G&A structure of the company. And we've been working through that as well. So that had productivity for us in Q3, and I think we're still in the early innings there. I think that, that still is a 2013 major opportunity for us. It really begins to be an opportunity in 2014 and 2015 as the systems implementation takes hold. We're generating net productivity on the G&A side, in spite of the fact that we're investing heavily in the systems component there. So that's a good story going forward. The sourcing team has been in place now for a few quarters. That's gaining traction. We've gotten material productivity, which was greater than last year's total productivity, and we've invested in supplier quality and supplier development resources coming into the organization, just a whole new talent base around that. That's largely a 2013 and 2014 opportunity around cost of poor quality for us, which is an area that we haven't really attacked to the same degree as we have in other areas of the business. So that I think is a positive for us as well. And, Steven, I don't know… 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Steve, I would say the restructuring that we've done is the last piece, and we've done a lot of that. We've got a little bit more to do there but that's played well. I'll give you an example. For Trane commercial in North America, they were able, this past year, year-to-date in forecast, to achieve 45% operating leverage in the business. And we got a little bit of volume coming into the Unitary and Applied business there against really what's been a very effectively restructured cost base and an integrated cost base in several factories now that we've merged with Industrial. So this is very positive for us in terms of just what we're seeing with volume and leverage in the Trane Commercial business. So I would tell you that I am still very optimistic about it. It's been a long haul. We've had to add a tremendous amount of resources and talent into the company. And when it all works like it has in quarter 2 and quarter 3, we get the numbers that we're entitled to get. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. If you look at North America, we've got it blended with service here, my guess would be it's relatively flat, okay? And you're seeing exactly what you think you'd see in Asia-Pacific, which is more or less down for us there, Europe about as expected -- little bit less than expected. 
Michael Lamach: Well, on the Res side, I think there probably is. On the Commercial side, you're really dealing now with 2 or 3 major players that have got large shares in the marketplace, so it's more difficult there. Our chiller shares are roughly 40%. So as an example, and if you got a #2, it's probably 30%; #3 is probably 20%. So there's not a lot there to be split. And if you see consolidation there, it's going to be fairly small players. And frankly, I would say the competitive base doesn't need distribution on the commercial side, generally speaking. And so anything you'd see there would be a small distribution network perhaps. But on Res, yes, there was a lot of fragmentation of small suppliers out there where it had to be really a cost play. It really wouldn't be a distribution play. It'd be a cost play. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the danger there is because that goes through, in our case, multiple channels. And so it's really effective for us because we manufacture all the light commercial in our commercial factories. And we actually have equal share between our res channel and our commercial channel, which is -- we double up on that. We get something north of 30% share in light commercial because of that. So there's some anomalies there when you think about the channels to market, which you really are able to manage those 2 channels with not a high degree of tension and overlap in the marketplace. I would say a fair amount of it, but appropriate channel attention. So you have to be careful that, that you consider that as well. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. And I'm saying yes, you probably could see some more of that. But it really runs through the same channel that you sell Applied for half of the share. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Josh, I mean we're still holding to we'll see a couple hundred points of margin expansion in the res business this year. So that kind of holds just the way it did before. And you're correct on the bookings. That's probably the one bookings number I don't pay a lot of attention to because it fundamentally comes down to sort of like a week's work of the bookings versus a week's worth of bookings the prior quarter. And so you don't really get a sense for anything there, particularly with cycle times being much, much shorter than they were. Generally, when we think about the full year in the Res HVAC business for the industry, it's probably going to be relatively flat. That's what the industry data really shows. And we're thinking we're going to be up kind of mid-single digits, of course, based on the share gains that we talked about. Going into the fourth quarter, we would have a similar view there. In fact, you've seen almost every month and every quarter, working a pretty severe sawtooth. A great example was third quarter. You saw a great July and August and a pretty poor September for the industry, and that's been the pattern we've seen all year long. I would think the pattern would persist going into the heating season. The difference we've -- the thinking we've put into the sort of the heating season here is we've taken on more inventory, more component inventory than we normally would and what would be considered sort of beyond our forecast that we're giving you. So in any event, there was anomaly, whether it be weather-related or other, we'll have the capability of building to that demand forecast for sure. But we're really not just banking on it based on what we've seen year-to-date. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Actually, Josh, it's really taken out $92 million at the midpoint of volume. And we're taking it out of the most profitable business we have, which is actually Asia and China for both the Air in the Climate businesses, which are most profitable businesses. We're also taking it out of the TK business in Europe, again, which is a very profitable business for us. So it's really masked that we've got the FX going one way, kind of a $50-plus million dollar tick-up on FX, volume coming down $92 million at the midpoint, but at very high margin sort of with those businesses coming down. 
Michael Lamach: It was just -- kind of the answer was in the previous question. There's really 2 parts to the revenue change in Q4. One is a little over $90 million associated with volume that we're taking out in China, Europe, at pretty high margins and also the capacity cost associated with that. But coming back the other way is a favorable change associated with foreign exchange because the euro primarily has kind of recovered here recently. So that's adding $50 million of revenue back with was very, very little OI. So the leverage on the reduction in guidance looks pretty high as a result of that. 
Michael Lamach: And to kind of clarify a little bit on the TK comment, Andy, the Ag folks reduced their estimate of the number of trailer units in the market again here recently, and that was mainly because they took out the assumption that there was going to be a pre-buy of refrigerated units because of this changeover to the Tier 4 classification. So it's shifting a little bit of the demand into 2013 that we would've expected to see in the fourth quarter of '12, but that's why we picked up a little bit of inventory there. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Andy, we've had I would say a very aggressive capability-building program in place for 2.5 years in terms of what we've done with bringing the talent into the company and developing talent even within the company to really do what we're doing. So transformations to become a top performing diversified industrial don't happen overnight clearly, and we've been at it for 2.5 years. Most that get into the business would argue that there's a lot of change going on. And frankly, how do you guys manage all the change going on inside the business between systems implementation, organizational changes, implementation of Lean across the company while maintaining a very high level of investment in innovation around the product portfolio. So I feel good about the pace of change. I feel good about the fact that, year-over-year-over-year, we've had margin expansion with relatively, in this case, flat market. So and we've been able to really consume sort of the restructuring that's embedded in what we're giving you. So this is not some sort of a serial restructuring story here. This is embedded in what we're doing and embedded in the margin. So we feel good about that. Now with regard to Nelson being on the Board, Nelson's on the Board now and Nelson's part of the discussions around the company. And so, there is no update as to where we are, other than to say that the release we had in August was heading toward sort of a December information with regard to what decisions we would make around the company. And those are progressing on plan and on track. No new news here. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Julian, on the 2013 view, we're in the process of putting our plans together. And similar to last year, we will do some scenario planning around different possibilities for the major lines of business and regions. And since I don't know the answer to that question at this point in time, I can't tell you -- I can tell you that we'll continue to invest in the Applied HVAC portfolio. So most of what we've been doing has spent on the Unitary HVAC portfolio for Commercial, we'll go to the Applied side. And then on the Industrial side, we'll continue to invest there, but probably be able to hold that relatively flat going into next year. But we'll have to come back and talk to you about that here into the quarter and give you a full update on that at this point in time. I think what we're doing is working, We're seeing that we can launch at higher margins. It's contributing to the margin growth inside the company. We've gained share wherever we've done that, so the formula seems to work for us. And maybe a little bit to Andrew's question as well as what you're asking, this really steady margin expansion over time, doing it in a sustainable way with product development and implementation of Lean across the company, right? And there's fasters ways to do that. I wouldn't want to do that through cutting investments or to do something silly with regard to not really putting that permanent operational capability into the company, and that would just be a long-term mistake for us. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, I think you got to hold the acquisition story up to the mirror of share repurchase. And I think the acid test is share repurchase. And right now, we just haven't thought about our investments in our own company. You still see fairly pricey -- very pricey electronics security sort of targets out there, and that's not in the cards for us now. Organically, again, this gets back into the investment question. A large part -- I would say all of the investment going on in security has been around electronic security platforms. And they've got a very good capability sitting in that organization around the ability to develop product in that area. So I don't feel like we're compelled to do that. And we certainly wouldn't be compelled to do that, favoring that over purchasing our own shares here at the multiples we're seeing for some of these opportunities. 
Michael Lamach: We talked about restructuring in the last call. We have restructuring front-end loaded. So we would have spent somewhere in the neighborhood of $40 million in the first half of the year, and that ramps down to about $10 million in the second half of the year. So there's a -- and that's helping also. The conversation in the last couple of quarters, we're seeing productivity show up in the second half associated with those spendings that went on in the first half. So we're kind of right on cue there with that program. 
Michael Lamach: For now, yes, we'll come back and give you definitive guidance in a quarter. But for now, I think it's a good assumption. 
Michael Lamach: It's about 40% today, Jamie. I think we'll move that over next few years to something closer to 50%. That's our design in that business. And there, we're looking at order rates for services that really kind of get into sort of the mid-double digits even in times high -- I'm sorry, mid-single digits, even high-single-digit order rates for service. So we like the contribution margin service. We like the growth rates. And obviously, we're trying to move the mix up closer to 50% the industrial business. 
Steven Shawley: Jeff, probably the starting point would be to say that the new product launches that we've had last couple of years there continue to bear fruit. We've got an excellent oil-free product out in the marketplace, gaining share. We've gone through systematically and have gone through all but a couple of the larger-frame centrifugal machines that are out there. Lead times have continued to be cut in half through the Lean work going on inside the company. I've used this as an example on a couple previous quarterly calls, where it's an example where the Lean work starts with working capital improvement, it goes into margin improvement and it goes into share gain. And I think all that really is coming to bear. The other thing is the largest investment that we've made this year in that business has been really a move towards the service side of the house and putting in place incremental resources to move toward, similar to the HVAC story, a service retrofit based on efficiencies there. And so that's been successful to date. It's just growing the service business at a higher rate than the equipment business, actually in both HVAC and in the Air side of the business. 
Steven Shawley: I'd say share gain and shift to sort of the service businesses and shift to the markets that are growing, frankly; shift to focusing on the other pockets of growth for us. 
Steven Shawley: Nothing abnormal, Dean.  We -- it was a one-time issue relative to an old legal suit -- legal claim. 
Steven Shawley: No, I'd just reiterate the comment about SG&A. I think the opportunity we have in '13 is to really the focus there, pull off the targets we have for reducing the G&A piece of our cost structure. 
Steven Shawley: Yes, Andrew, I mean just taking it on an EPS basis, you add $0.04 back for FX and drops something like $0.13 on the volume mix that we're talking about, you get the $0.09 differential. 
Steven Shawley: Well, there's 2 components there. Frankly, one is just FX. And the second is there's been several businesses where we've just decided we've made the decision to take on incremental inventory here in the fourth quarter. The example I used was the res business around the furnace season, again, just to make sure that we've got what we need. Even around coil production coming into the early part of next year, we'll do some coil production even in the fourth quarter related to next year's season, okay, just to smooth and linearize capacity that we have available to us, we think is a better way to do that into next year. And also in the TK business, you've got the changeover happening. And so it's a good time for us at least to have just some excess diesel engines on hand. And you put that all together, and the $100 million was mostly design, FX being the other part of it. 
Steven Shawley: Yes, I'll take the first part, Julian. The expenditures on the initiatives that we've been talking about, those are new product developments. Those are common systems. Those are things like centralizing our procurement organization are continuing, and we hit that right on the head here in Q3. We said about $25 million of incremental spend a quarter. It was exactly $25 million in Q3, and we're planning on another exactly $25 million in Q4. So the $100 million of headwinds associated with the investment initiative is still there. So maybe, Mike, you can take the second half. 
Steven Shawley: Spent about $20 million more in restructuring in 2012 and 2011, Jamie. So it's been a pretty steady-state restructuring program for the last 3, 3.5 years. 
