Dave Regnery: And the short answer is, look, we're -- this high-tech industrial vertical, as we call it, we have a lot of strength in that vertical and we have for a number of years. Yes, we are starting to see early stages of some big orders coming in, specifically on the fab plant side of things. But again, I think the CHIPS and Science Act is really in front of us. And once that really starts to happen, you're going to see even greater closing of some of these big projects. So I think a lot of it's in front of us. We are seeing some. We're also seeing some of it on the EV battery plants. And that's certainly been a nice -- again, we classify this all of this high-tech industrial vertical, but it's certainly been a strength to us. And you're right, these are sophisticated operations that require kind of detail engineering, not everyone is as cookie-cutter as you might think, so there's always unique things. And our expertise in this vertical really allows us to have a lot of strength, and we'll continue to execute in the future.
Dave Regnery: Yes, absolutely. You're talking about immersion cooling, and that's certainly on the cutting edge. And yes, we're very active there. In fact, we made an equity investment in a company called Liquid Stack, which is really -- that's their expertise. We're partnering with them. And yes, we're certainly on the leading edge of that technology.
Dave Regnery: Well, Andy, I think it's -- commercial HVAC has been strong globally for us. And I think the mega trends around decarbonization, they continue to intensify. We had a very strong start to the year here in the Americas. Order rates were up low single digits, but the backlog grew, and that's a great thing. If you go to EMEA, I mean, yes, I mean, the team there is just performing at a very high level. And you hit it, right? Thermal management systems is -- we have a differentiated technology and we're winning with our customers. If you think about the commercial HVAC EMEA business in 2022 was up 20%. In the first quarter, we were up 25%. Our equipment orders for commercial HVAC, I mean, we're up close to 40%. So I mean, this is great. The team is executing well. The other thing, too, I'd point out is that margins were very, very strong in Europe as well. If you remember a year ago, we were talking about more acute supply chain problems in Europe and a higher cost to serve our customers. And we are -- with spot buys and expedited freight. You see that pulling through now with productivity that the team has been able to deliver. So very strong in EMEA, very strong in the Americas and Asia-Pacific also performed quite well. Order rates were up low teens and really broad-based too, both in China and outside of China. So off to a great start here in 2023. And commercial HVAC business is certainly -- we're seeing a lot of demand for our products.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Look, our order rates for the first quarter were actually flattish, okay, but our backlog increased by $400 million. So we thought we had a real high backlog at the end of 2022 at $6.9 billion, it's now $7.3 billion. We will enter 2024 with a very inflated backlog. And we're kind of using $6 billion just as -- just to demonstrate the strength. If you think about any year we go into, the backlog typically represents about 20% of the forward revenue. We'll be far in excess of that going into 2024. So the book-to-bill, if you just do the simple math while we're -- looking at our midpoint on revenue, yes, it would come down a bit from what we're seeing right now. But I would tell you, the first quarter was exceptional and it was a little bit stronger than even we thought, especially on our commercial HVAC standpoint. Our commercial HVAC business on a 2-year stack in the first quarter, it's up 35% for orders. So I mean it's very, very strong right now and we're seeing a lot of demand. And you heard Scott talk about some of the tailwinds that are to come, some of the mega projects out there with the CHIPS and Science Act and IRA as it starts to kick in here in the -- hopefully, the fourth quarter. That will be an additional tailwind that we're going to see into 2024 and beyond.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Gautam, I'll start on that. At the end of the day, we're going to get an opportunity to see everything as a major global HVAC player. In the second quarter -- or in the first quarter here, we announced MTA. Chris talked about that and we've actually announced yesterday. A great example of what we do really well. This is a technology in industrial process cooling, it's in EMEA, great technology at an enterprise level, the revenue is less than 1% for the enterprise. Margins are nice, they fit nicely into the business with our strong scale -- with our strong channel, we're able to scale these acquisitions quite quickly. So we'll look at everything. We'll be disciplined, and we're going to continue to execute the strategy that we've been executing too, and we've had a lot of success with it.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Well, we haven't seen that to date, Josh. It's a good question. But at the end of the day, we think they are all opportunities really in front of us. And we are -- as far as labor shortages, we have so many programs in place now to really train all of our employees at grassroots level. So that's starting to get a lot better for us, and we're not concerned about any crowding out as far as being able to meet the demand. And our account managers, our sales team, they're all over this, right? And they're well trained and they're able to go to the most attractive verticals and really drive demand. And that's what we're seeing right now. And you see it in our results. I mean, our order rates are just tremendous right now. And I look at our team and what they've been able to do in EMEA right now and all those opportunities there that are -- we talk about IRA, but there's other policy that are happening in Europe right now that are really helping drive demand, and we're able to capitalize upon it.
Dave Regnery: Chris, good question. Look, we haven't seen that yet. And in fact, we continue to see very strong demand. And I think the whole megatrends around decarbonization continue. And the world is getting warmer, and we need to take action and more of our customers realize that, and we have some solutions out there right now that can have a dramatic impact on how we decarbonize the built environment. So we have not seen anything slowing down right now.  And that really is on a global basis for our commercial HVAC business. If you look at the Americas, we play across all verticals. I think there's like 14 different verticals that we track. Maybe there's a little bit of softness in office, but there's a lot of strength in high tech that we talked about earlier. Education continues to be strong. Europe, we've been strong really across many verticals with our solutions there. In Asia-Pacific, again, very strong start to the year. So we haven't seen any slowing yet, Chris, but it's a great start to the year for Trane Technologies, and it gives us a lot of confidence in our full year guide.
Dave Regnery: Yes, your math is about right. So you think about it on a revenue basis, we were down mid-single digits, on a unit basis we were down in the mid-teens. Pricing was positive in the business. There's a little bit less than the company average, which is the first time that's happened in a while. But again, we have some very strong comps here in the resi business. The sell-through, which is really how we're looking at this business right now was flat, right? So we don't see it falling off a cliff. If you look at inventory levels in our IWD, our independent wholesale distributors, maybe they're a bit high but that will normalize through Q2, nothing alarming. This is a business that we have a lot of innovation coming through. We have some great brands, some great products, great distributors and a great management team. So it's early in the year. It's the first quarter. So we'll wait to see how the cooling season starts. But we don't see this business falling off a cliff. And we have this guide -- in our guide, okay? So it gives us confidence in our guide with what we have projected right now.
Dave Regnery: Joe, you're right. again, just Joe, a great start to our -- it really is. I'm so proud of what that team has been able to deliver. So fantastic.
Dave Regnery: They certainly normalized their inventory in the first quarter. We've seen that happen. Like I said earlier, inventory may be a bit high, but it really depends on how the cooling season kicks off. It's the first quarter. right? And as you know, this is the smallest quarter. We'll wait until the cooling season starts, and hopefully, it starts real soon.
Dave Regnery: I think it's -- the cooling season hasn't started. So we're still in that shoulder part of the year. But we'll see. It's forecasted to get real warm here in May. So we'll see how it goes.
Dave Regnery: Yes, great question. I mean, we really like our portfolio in Europe. You think about it in the commercial HVAC space where we play, we're having a lot of success. We have differentiated offerings that we're able to provide to our customers. And you see the results. I mean, our thermal management systems there, we've eliminated or significantly reduced the need for fossil fuel for heating in all geographic climates. And you could see the team's results. And like I said earlier, our revenue in 2022, up 20%, first quarter, 25%, equipment revenue, 40%. So we're going to continue to execute on our strategy in Europe. We're having a lot of success. The team is high-powered and performing extremely well. And we have so much innovation that's coming through the pipeline that I get excited just talking about it. And as I said earlier, we get the opportunity to look at a lot of M&A deals being a global HVAC player, and we'll continue to do that and we'll continue to be disciplined. And we'll make sure we make the right investments for Trane Technologies and our shareholders.
Dave Regnery: Deane, it's a good question. I mean we've embedded indoor air quality into our applied systems. And I would tell you that -- I've been in this industry a long time, 10 years ago, we used to just have the conversation about indoor air quality in the health care vertical. We have that now in all verticals. So you might not read about it, but I would tell you it's still prevalent and we talk about it with our customers. And they talk about it with us. I mean, I think everyone's been educated on the importance of indoor air quality, the importance of fresher exchange, the importance of being able to balance that with energy consumption -- and we've done a great job of helping our customers work through that. So no, it's certainly part of our business. It's certainly part of our offering and it's top of mind of many of our customers.
Dave Regnery: Yes. We really like the digital space. We really like the electrification of our portfolio. We really like optimizing our operations with automation, just to name a few. But our innovation pipeline is very robust. It's very full. Three times a year, I actually get to -- we have a deep dive on our innovation pipeline. It's the best four hours I spend some times in the quarter because it's just so exciting to talk to our engineers and to see what they've invented and the impact that it could have on not only decarbonizing the built environment really helping our customers save on energy costs and improve indoor air quality. So it's very robust right now. We love to invest in our business. It's -- we have a proven track record here, and we're going to continue to do that more in the future as well.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, we've been strong in the health care vertical forever. I think. As I said, we track all 14 different verticals, but health care is certainly one that we have a lot of strength in. And it really -- the reason why we have the strength there, Andy, it's a complex sale. And hospitals, they have varying degrees of requirements, especially around fresh air exchange. So you're going to have a different application in a surgical suite versus you're going to have in a hospital room. So we're still seeing strength in health care. But to be fair, we've always seen strength in health care because our solutions are really built around those kind of more complex situations that we're able to capitalize on.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Thanks for noticing Nicole. I mean, Asia, sometimes we don't talk enough about it. But what a great leadership team we have there. And they really have been leaders for train technology with innovation and the team just executed extremely well in the first quarter, a great start to the year. And to be fair, all of our segments really executed very strongly in the quarter. And it just speaks to the resiliency of our portfolio and it just gives us lots of confidence in our full year guide. So I certainly appreciate the question.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, services is a great part of Trane Technologies. It represents about one-third of our total business. And if you look at it over a 5-year period, we've had a compound annual growth rate globally in our service business in high single digits. In the first quarter, we were double digits. So I mean, it's a really strong business. It really differentiates us with our customers in China, yes, really strong start to the year. Some of that was obviously, the comps year-over-year just because there's a lot of restrictions still, specifically in China at this time last year. But I would tell you, our service business is a very strong business. We invest heavily in our service business. And it's just a -- it's a great business. And it's very, very resilient as well even during 2020 COVID where we didn't have access to many buildings, our service business was flat. And these products are more and more sophisticated today, and they require OEM service and we're able to provide that for our customers. So thanks for the question. I mean, service is a big part of who we are as Trane Technologies.
Dave Regnery: No. Look, being connected to our assets is nothing new to Trane Technologies. We're connected to over, what number is it now, well over 30,000 buildings and millions of different assets. So we love being connected to our assets. And now think about the next is, how do you even get smarter with all the data that you have, and think about how you could actually have buildings operate more efficiently. And so when I talk about digital, those are the things that we're working on. It's no longer the service tech gets deployed when something is not operating properly. It's not operating properly because it's using too much energy. And that's the space that we're into here. And we really like the digital space and service, and it really is a tailwind to our service business.
Chris Kuehn: Andy, it's a great question. If I go to EMEA margins first, I mean, if I go back a year ago, we saw very acute supply chain issues impacting that region and really unfortunately holding back revenue growth and lowering volumes. It also came with the product we get out the door, a lot of additional cost to serve our customers. And a year ago, it was very difficult to get leverage in that region. What you're seeing coming through here in the first quarter, and you guys will see this in the 10-Q that gets filed, you'll see 9 points of price in EMEA and about 6.5 points of volume. And with that volume came strong leverage, and we're starting to see some productivity come through within a slowly but improving supply chain. So I think about the margins around productivity improvements on a year-over-year basis, stronger volume with good incrementals and pricing continues to remain strong in the region as well. So really nice start to that team. I think you mentioned a question on maybe price overall for the company. Enterprise-wide on the full year, we're probably still in that 200 basis points to 300 basis points on a full year price. And I would bias our full year revenue growth more to the volume side than to the price side on the full year.
Chris Kuehn: Julian, this is Chris. I'll jump in. Yes, the Americas saw a nice margin expansion in the first quarter, 90 basis points op margin expansion, about 50 basis points EBITDA margin expansion really led by our commercial HVAC business. We saw declines in residential in the quarter, and Thermo King was right in line with our expectations, plus or minus. So I think it's really just the combination of the mix in the quarter, where residential volumes were down but we saw very strong growth in commercial HVAC. I think on the guide, as we've guided Q2 and then raised the low end of the guide on both revenue and earnings on the full year, would suggest maybe some leverage, it's a little lower second half versus first half. But I'll tell you, we're very confident in our full year guide. I think the performance in the first quarter was very strong. And at the same time, we've got a strong backlog entering into the second quarter. And as Dave talked out, the guide for the backlog going into 2024 we expect to be very high as well. So we have a lot of confidence in the full year guide. The first quarter, it's really our smallest quarter of the year. It's about 17% of our earnings on a full year basis. And let's get into the cooling season and we'll update you in a couple of months. But we're really happy with where we started.
Chris Kuehn: Gautam, it's Chris. I'll start. Look, I think pricing continues to be strong and as we expected in the quarter for residential. We're ready for the cooling season with the inventory we have on hand, but we're not seeing anything from a price elasticity perspective that you're referring to. Things remain to be very disciplined as we see today, and we're ready for the cooling season.
Chris Kuehn: Josh, it's Chris. I'll start. We see the backlog is still over 90% nonresidential. So that would be primarily commercial HVAC plus our transport businesses globally. But price/cost, we like the margins in backlog. But remember that price scenario, that's going to be a tougher comp as we work throughout the balance of the year. Just to remind investors, we really led with price in 2022. And so we're going to have a tough comp as we work throughout the year on incremental price. Our product management teams have done an outstanding job staying ahead of inflation over the last couple of years, and we were price cost positive in the first quarter on a dollar basis and a margin basis. So I think that's an opportunity. But again, that headline price number is going to be a tougher comp as we work throughout the year. We have a lot of confidence in the 25% or better operating leverage on the full year, and that's going to come from multiple parts of the bridge, right? We're confident that 20 to 30 basis points of price over cost. The first quarter start gives us confidence on that on a full year basis. But we expect to see good incremental on volume, some productivity return as supply chain normalizes and really leverage all parts of the P&L to go drive the performance for the year.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Let me jump in, Chris. So it's a dynamic market around Tier 1 metals, and we started the year 3, 6 months ago, thinking we could be in a really deflationary environment and that really hasn't proven through. As I said earlier, our product management team members have done an outstanding job thinking about cost inputs, value to the customer and staying ahead on price. We remain confident that we're going to be price/cost positive on the year. The start in the first quarter gives us a lot of confidence on the 20 basis points to 30 basis points price/cost spread that we have in the full year guide. We know that pricing gets to be a tougher comp as we work throughout the year. But we remain nimble. If there's further movement of inflationary commodities or we continue to see some inflation certainly in Tier 2 around wage and energy, which we have baked into the guide. But if things were to become more inflationary. We have the nimbleness in the company, and I think the proven track record that we've priced effectively. So we have a lot of confidence on where we're going to be on the full year and ultimately just staying very nimble to what happens in the marketplace.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Joe, it's Chris. Look, our expectation for the region would be that they'll deliver 25% or better leverage on the full year -- organic leverage on the full year. Q1 is off to a nice start. But as you said and as we commented before, it's really an easier comp versus some real challenges we had in the business a year ago. Supply chain got better as we got to the end part of 2022. The fourth quarter, we saw a strong revenue growth in EMEA from our commercial HVAC business, and they were really hurt first and hard with the supply chain challenges. So we have a lot of confidence that team can deliver this year and the backlog continues to grow with their innovative products. So let's see how it kind of plays out. But we're confident we're going to deliver strong margin improvement on a full year basis for the region. And keep in mind, TK EMEA markets there are expected to be down low to mid-single digits. We expect to outperform. But all in, we expect to have a strong year in the EMEA segment this year.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, Steve, it's Chris. So it was a little over 6 points in Americas. So think of that as 6 points of price in the Americas, pretty much in line with the enterprise. EMEA, we said 8.9 points of price, and Asia was around 4 points of price in the quarter.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. I think as we get to the fourth quarter -- well, let me start with Asia, right, given the lockdowns in the second quarter of 2022. We saw muted growth in Q2 a year ago. The business was able to recover very nicely in the third and fourth quarter last year. So Asia may have a little bit of tougher comps in the second half just given the cadence of how earnings played out and the lockdowns from COVID played out in China a year ago. I mentioned just earlier in EMEA, for commercial HVAC, the business really through the third quarter of last year had some very acute supply chain challenges. We're not out of the woods yet, but that continued to get better in the fourth quarter, and we saw that getting better here in the first quarter as well. So I think we're -- fingers crossed, that continues to be a nice tailwind for the business on a year-over-year. But as you get later in the year, I think you'll see a little bit of a headwinds begin to the fourth quarter there. But TK, if I go to the Americas side of the house, the back half of the year for TK Americas, that will be a bit of a tough comp, very strong growth we saw in the third and fourth quarter in the Americas last year. So yes, there was a little bit of tough comps coming in the second half in a few of the businesses but we have such strength in the commercial HVAC businesses as well that we're really confident in the full year guide.
Chris Kuehn: Jeff, you're right. We're not including the price benefit from the SEER change in that price number. We consider that as part of volume. So this would be more pure on a year-over-year basis.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, Jeff, it really is the contribution of three acquisitions that's leading to that roughly 2 points of revenue growth from M&A in 2023. One relates to the ALCO acquisition we closed in October of last year. So you've got about 9 months of that revenue coming through in 2023 that we're calling out as inorganic. Fourth quarter would be a comp would just be part of our organic results. Dave just mentioned, we closed on MTA just yesterday. It is an industrial process cooling business in EMEA. So we'll start picking up the revenues from that business, also a partial year. Think about it as 8 months of revenue this year. And then the pending acquisition that we've announced in the life sciences vertical in the Americas, that's not closed yet. We expect that to close sometime in the second quarter. We made an estimate of that here in the full year. So all in, it's the combination of those 3 businesses that's getting us to roughly 2 points of revenue growth. And look, the contribution margin in year one, it's low just given the integration costs. But we have a great track record of taking bolt-on acquisitions and bringing them into our channels, selling through with our robust sales forces and ultimately really driving very strong returns in subsequent years. So in the year, it's about $0.03 positive on an EPS basis with that leverage. And ultimately, we'll see what kind of plays out for the year, but it's still positive and slightly accretive by the year.
Chris Kuehn: Nigel, thanks for the question. Look, we're on a really good track to realize the incremental $60 million in savings this year, We continue to deploy that back into the business through reinvestment and innovation in the portfolio also gives us confidence on delivering 25% or better operating leverage on the full year. But look, the company has always prided itself on lean thinking. And I would tell you that as we move forward, there's always going to be opportunities for us to lean on operations and drive cost improvements. I think another area of opportunity for the company is the ability to call back on some of the productivity that's been very challenged over the last few years to deliver on supply chain challenges, higher cost to serve customers. Dave talked in past calls about spot buys and being exposed to those markets and higher costs. Those are really great opportunities for the company to get back to basics, get back to productivity offsetting off inflation. And we're seeing a little bit of that come through in the first quarter with our commercial EMEA business. And we'll see how that kind of plays out for the year. But I would tell you that -- we'll update you more as we work throughout the year, but I'm really excited on the productivity side and I'm excited we still have a lot more opportunities to take costs out in the business.
Chris Kuehn: Deane, I'd add on the investment side, we had a normal level of investments in the first quarter, wanted to highlight that into the second quarter, we do expect that level of investments to ramp up to 70 basis points. We still see that being around 70 basis points for the full year, but that will be a ramp-up into Q2 as we just continue to see very strong projects, as Dave outlined. And let me come back to just a comment on EMEA as well. I know a lot of questions around EMEA margins, maybe just to highlight, in the first quarter, we saw growth both in commercial HVAC and in the Thermo King business. Important to know that the Thermo King markets in Europe are expected to be down low to mid-single. So we're probably not expecting to see that outgrowth in Thermo King each and every quarter of the year. That's going to be an area we'll see how the year plays out. But nice to see both businesses deliver in Q1. But that will be a little lumpy and choppy as we think about Thermo King for the balance of the year.
Chris Kuehn: Andrew, I'd say, look, demand remains strong, and we -- it's an industry that typically retains price and is disciplined on price. I won't necessarily talk about potential pricing actions they may do throughout the year. As I mentioned before, our product management teams, our business units have done an outstanding job taking all the inputs in to lead on price the last two years, and a good strong performance here in the first quarter as well. So I do think we'll remain proactive and be prudent. And I think our track record hopefully speaks for itself that we can really have a lot of confidence on the 20 basis points to 30 basis points of price over cost in the year.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, Nicole, it's Chris. I would say, certainly the second quarter, but even in the first quarter last year we saw some parts of the China economy and these COVID lockdowns. And so as we entered into lockdown, it certainly cost a lot more money to keep customers happy and trying to get products out where you could in limited situations. And now we're comping against a little bit easier comps as we think about the first half of 2023. So first off, the demand in Asia remains very strong. We continue to expect very strong performance from the team, and they had a great first quarter. Comps probably get a little bit better in the second half given the partial reopening we saw in the second half of 2022. But look, very strong growth, not only on the revenue side, but bookings were up high teens for commercial HVAC in Asia. Services were up nearly 25% in the quarter. So I think our innovation and then the verticals that we play in, in Asia really played through very well in the year. And great job by our team there.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Nicole, so we opened up the second half of the year order book mid- to late March. So orders started to come in a little bit in the first quarter, but we would expect that to really get filled up in the second quarter. And we have a lot of confidence that from what we can see with the backlog entering Q2 and the forward look that our guide in the full year, we're going to outperform the markets both in the Americas and in EMEA for the full year.
