Zac Nagle: Thanks, operator. Good morning, and thank you for joining us for Ingersoll Rand's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. This call is being webcast on our website at ingersollrand.com, where you'll find the accompanying presentation. We are also recording and archiving this call on our website. Please go to Slide 2. Statements made in today's call that are not historical facts are considered forward-looking statements and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of federal securities law. Please see our SEC filings for a description of some of the factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from anticipated results. This presentation also includes non-GAAP measures, which are explained in the financial tables attached to our news release.  Joining me on today's call are Mike Lamach, Chairman and CEO; and Sue Carter, Senior Vice President and CFO. Also joining today's call is Chris Kuehn, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, who we recently announced will be succeeding Sue Carter as Chief Financial Officer after her planned retirement post closing of the Reverse Morris Trust transaction with Gardner Denver in early 2020.  With that, please go to Slide 3, and I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Zac Nagle: Yes. I mean, Jeff, the market will be down close to 30% for trailers in the first quarter, North America trailers; Europe trailers, a similar number. APUs will be down in the 35% to 40% range. So that's really how you get there, the balance of the market being the other 40%. So it's really the decline in the areas that really outgrew in the last -- in the fourth quarter of 2018, which were trailer and APUs, and those are down the most. That's the reason. 
Zac Nagle: Yes. Joe, just to add to that, we're actually -- since we're guiding OI at this point, I'd say the average for OI for Climate as a percentage of the year has been in the 15% range. It will probably be in the 14% to 15% range this year, so a little lighter in the first quarter. 
Zac Nagle: I'd like to thank everyone for joining on today's call and to remind everyone that we'll be available for questions, as always, today and in the coming days. And then we look forward to connecting with you soon on the road, in upcoming conferences and roadshows. Thank you very much. 
Michael Lamach: Steve, Mike here. 1 second, Steve. I would say that, just from an internal planning perspective, once we've filed all that we need to file around the restated financials, targeting something like a 5- to 10-day period after that, after you've digested it to come back and provide more guidance. And so we'll likely structure a call, put a presentation together and lay out the 2020 guidance. And then we'll reserve until the Investor Day, report back on the last 3 years and then restate kind of going forward likely another 3-year view for Trane Technologies through 2023. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Steve, the way our revenue bottoms out, first, I would say that you probably are just going to see the bottom in both Europe and North America in the first quarter, and then it's going to still be negative, obviously, as you can see from the graphs we've got on Slide 21 in the deck, for the balance of the year. But from a bookings perspective, you recover obviously a little bit quicker than that. Although there is a fair amount of [ book in turn, ] I think that will happen in the business. And so the comps get easy third, particularly fourth quarter. So second, third, fourth quarter, you get to see bookings, I think, improving. Revenue progressively improves throughout the year in both regions. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Julian, I want to be careful not to mix market expectations versus our internal businesses. So the market, I think that North America remains very healthy. We'll see growth across the board, equipment parts, services. I think that we feel good about what will happen in institutional, particularly education and health care. We expect industrial and commercial also to remain healthy. And then if I translate to our internal view in North America, as an example, we end the year at the 17% high teens kind of backlog over the prior year. So the setup for us and the setup for the market look pretty good. In Europe, where you've got the sort of flattish expectation in 2020 and still some lingering Brexit execution uncertainties, we'll continue to outgrow the market as we have been, really based on the whole sort of sustainability focus and the go-to-market strategies that we've had there. So we expect to grow -- sort of outgrow the market at least a multiple of 2x or 3x there, I would assume, off a very slow kind of growth in the underlying market in Europe.  Middle East, Africa HVAC, it's going to be positive, but the patterns there are always lumpy because, particularly in the Middle East, these orders tend to be large district cooling plants. And so they're very large orders when they come, and so you get a little bit of an anomaly there. And then actually, healthy growth in China and for the AP region, in general. And again, here, the backlog that we've got in China, fourth quarter versus prior year fourth quarter, is up low double digits. So a good setup for us kind of coming into 2020, so I feel pretty good about what's happening in the commercial HVAC space. And residential, similar view, 80% of the market for us is replacement. Underlying markets still look good. Consumer confidence still remains relatively high. U.S. economy remains relatively healthy. Unemployment is low. GDP is stable, so pricing remains healthy. I think the market there appears to be pretty solid going into 2020. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean at starting point, I'll let Sue and Chris chime in. But you really end up with a pretty low quarter 4 comp that we just completed when you think about most of those impacts really were center hit on the commercial HVAC markets. And so the road map we've got here is still a strong pricing environment, probably a moderating materials environment. Our productivity pipeline looks robust, should cover all of inflation. Volume should drop through our gross margins. We don't see anything happening there, and we don't see any repeat issues that would have been in the fourth quarter. I mean, obviously, we talked about the silver lining perhaps in the cash conversion. But some of the inventory adjustments were partially a result of just an immense amount of factory consolidations that were done starting in '18 and through '19, and those don't repeat. That smooths it out as well. So I feel like we're in great shape on commercial. I think residential continues to hum along, a good conversion there. I don't see any changes there. And even in a market like Latin America, we had great success in '19. It appears to be recovering, particularly Brazil, I would highlight. Margins there are good for us, and I think that can help contribute as well. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. John, I would start with a caveat that if a company can actually tell you the revenue generation from their digital business, they probably don't have a digital strategy because the whole strategy really hits every bit of the value stream, from the way that you design and develop systems to not fail all the way through to the way you monetize offerings in the service business through to the way that you utilize fixed service contracts, fixed service agreements to deliver service in more creative and better ways for the customer. So you put that all together, and it's in everything that we're doing. So it continues to be the norm. I would say 100% of what we're shipping out in the applied space today is absolutely communicating. If not inside the customer's firewall, it's coming across to us with important data. We're acting on it. At last count, I think we've monetized in our commercial space alone about 20 different offerings that we put together in that space that use digital to monetize. Same thing would hold true to TK.  Interesting with TK, I'm just going to kind of maybe skip to this as a little bit of a story here. When you look at ACT's 2020 forecast of 37,500 units, we look at the replacement of units on the road today in North America, and we get to a number of about 35,000 units. I mean you can think about more than 90% of the market ACT is representing could be accounted just through replacing units. Well, part of the reason that we know where these units are and whether or not they're a candidate for replacement would be through things like the telematics that would tell us how systems are operating. And so that's a great example of how the game really changes when you've got a complete digital strategy across these businesses. 
Michael Lamach: Well, we're coming through some really major platform investments and have been a multiyear investment for Thermo King, let's just say, in particular. That's going to tend to kind of flatten out there but likely not in the Trane business, particularly with some of the regulatory changes that will happen between now and 2023. So it's at a very high rate. A good estimate for 2020 is it's probably as low as 20 bps of incremental and maybe as high as 50 bps of incremental that will go into the Trane Technologies portfolio for 2020. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Jeff. There's a number of things that I think that we can count on and, in some ways, drive and control even with the trailer decline forecast for 2020, and that's one of them. So if the standard aftermarket growth rates would be something kind of in the normalized 3% to 5% range, as an example, if all 35,000 North American units that are probably up for replacement wouldn't be replaced, which would be an extreme view, you'd likely see something in the high single digits. Our experience has been something maybe 8% to 10% if that were to be the case. So that tends to always pan its way out.  The other thing that is interesting when you look at the auxiliary power unit bolt-on rate, think in 2016, we were talking about something in the 10% to 11% kind of bolt-on rate there. And we said, look, we think we can move this thing. And for every 2.4 units of APUs we sell, it equates to 1 trailer unit. That was a strategy to help us through 2016 and '17. We actually have increased that bolt-on rate by 10 points, so we ended the year kind of in the low 20s. The remarkable thing about that is that's with the denominator, right, increasing dramatically in terms of what was built in terms of OEM tractors put out into the marketplace. Other interesting thing there is the replacement factor that we see out there for APUs going into 2020 is roughly 102,000 units that are available. That's compared to a 99,000-unit market. So here, you've got a replacement rate opportunity that's actually bigger than a new complete. So by taking the same experience we've had around bolt-on rates moving 3, 4 points a year with even a more aged APU fleet out there, that's an opportunity for us. The NPD launches I've talked to, the new platforms, should be good. And we've worked 3 years to get these things ready for the market. And as I said in my remarks, truck, bus, rail, those will all grow, too, small truck, in particular, bus, rail, all grow, too. So those are sort of factors that we can count on, I think, in 2020. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean first of all, it's a passion inside the company. What I'm telling you around company purpose is something that gets deeply ingrained and even how investments and projects get evaluated because that's how we think we're going to win in the marketplace, and so it's very tied out in terms of how we deploy goals and how we look at projects going forward. So that, for sure, I think, is critically -- a critical factor in all of this.  When you look at some of the Dodge data, as an example, and the put-in-place which people look to, it's interesting, and I'm just going to talk obviously about North America here, which is where the Dodge data is more relevant. You take our commercial business and you split it right down the middle, 50-50, between equipment and services. And of the 50% that's equipment, you get 60% to 70% of that which is replacement, which generally is not ever going to be reported on Dodge put-in-place because we're negotiating energy service agreements, service contracts, retrofits. So that really only has the Dodge put-in-place data addressing about 15% to 20% of the business. And so as folks try to read through that to our commercial business on Dodge data or ABI data, you're probably only predicting 15% to 20% of what that looks like. 
Michael Lamach: Well, first of all, when we talk about Asia, in particular, we have to remember that China is sort of half of the business, and the rest is the rest of the region. China was actually relatively strong. The bookings were -- looked okay. Backlog, as I mentioned, is up double-digit year-over-year. And so a lot of the weakness was outside of China. And I think, in some ways, you see those markets recovering. You can think about electronics in South Korea. You can think about those sorts of markets were -- which were pretty tough. But we expect healthy growth in China and for the region in 2020, strength in health care and we think a rebound in some of the technology segments, which where we've been a big player historically. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, first of all, we've had no impact yet to employees, which is important. And I think we've sent 650,000 masks is what I saw to China, so we're trying to do our part there on that. I will tell you that what we believe we know today is that best case would be China essentially going back to work on February 10. This is sort of the market in general and sort of our business as well. So if that's the case, I mean, you're talking about really a week of production, and that's just going to get pushed. I mean that demand is there. It will get pushed out. Maybe it will get absorbed in the quarter, if it's possible to do. If not, it will get pushed to the second quarter. So it's fluid. We're watching it closely.  We're looking at the supply chain as well. We generally have strong supply chains. We generally tend to work in region for region. But to the extent we've got any Chinese components being imported, say, into the U.S. or Europe, we'll generally keep, in those cases, 8 to 10 weeks of inventory on hand. So again, a 1-week or 2-week issue is not going to be a problem for us with regard to that. But Joe, it's fluid, and I'm hoping that this thing is contained. And best case looks to be people are back to work February 10. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. What I'll say, Joe, is that I go back to commercial North America, which has been just incredibly strong, and it's strong across the board, meaning that the -- even the unitary and services growth have been double -- unitary spend in the teens, but the applied growth has been extraordinary. The win rates there, the pull-through of systems has been excellent. Now that does initially book and ship at generally lower margins than the unitary business. But of course, you get the long service tail in the applied business. So in the long run, it's a great business to win.  But it does put a little bit of probably mix pressure within Trane, commercial, and that, again, is one of those mix pressures we saw in quarter 4 as well. And so historically, I usually get the question, and I didn't get it so far, but I'll talk about it. We end up historically something in the 15% range of Q1 EPS to the total year. And the last 3 years has been that. 6 years have been a little bit lower than that. I would tell you sort of a safer guide here would be something between 14% and 15%, just a result of that strong mix differential between applied and unitary and between TK and Trane. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Andy. It's such a small part of kind of what drives our business that, to us, we would far be -- far from be the experts on giving you a forecast there. I mean if you think about the res equipment business being probably 10% of the company going forward and you think about 80% of our business there being replacement, new construction doesn't move the needle one way or the other for us, really, in our residential markets. So I'd probably defer to some of the better forecasts that are out there on that one than tell you that we've got a good read on that. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, when we guide, we're generally guiding on what we think the market is going to be, pricing, some sense of volume, some sense of mix. We always target our teams with market share and margin expansion, so the goals there are always higher than what you see, and I think that's a healthy thing for us to do. I feel really good about what's coming out into the marketplace, feel good about a lot of the training and development we've had around the company in terms of systems, sales and some of the more sophisticated offerings that we do around services. So I feel like there's a lot of ways to win. It's not always on the product technology, although we're a leader there, and that's a heavy part of the investment. But it's also in the way that you go to market in a way that the expertise gets played out in the channel. And as you think about what I've always said in the commercial space, these are always going to be people that are 100% dedicated on behalf of the company. This is not something that you see sort of distributors doing for us. That's such an important thing when you're trying to drive an overall system strategy and trying to sell total cost of ownership over the long run. It's a sophisticated sale generally done by very technical people. They've been doing it for a long time, and that's something that's very difficult to replicate and something we always invest in that capability. That's a big part of the secret sauce, I guess, of the business. 
