Dave Regnery: Absolutely, I mean, we're seeing unprecedented demand right now as you our results in the first quarter. And a lot of it has to do with our new innovations around products that are helping our customers decarbonize, which is just a massive opportunities in the future.
Dave Regnery: We're still seeing strong growth in Europe. I think you also have some regulation that's starting to come through there where fossil fuels are just not going to be permitted in certain countries. We see that continuing to grow -- I think Germany was the latest country to adopt that type of legislation. So a lot of the products that we have, and I think we're now on our -- I was just over in Europe a couple of weeks ago. And we're on our fifth generation thermal management system, which is really the combination of a boiler and a chiller into a system which allows the customer to accelerate their decarbonization efforts by eliminating fossil fuel. So we're excited about the opportunity. It keeps growing. We keep innovating for it. And I would tell you, it's not just unique to Europe. We're seeing it really on a global basis.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, let me just take a higher level first. I mean, we've had a manufacturing strategy for years of -- in region, for region. So the factor that we're -- is in lockdown is in the Shanghai region. But understand that about 90% of our supply chain tends to follow our manufacturing strategy. So think of it as a manufacturing plant, you have about 90% of that located in that same region. We anticipate the factory will be back online in the quarter. The pause, as we said earlier, will result in approximately $80 million to $100 million in revenue moving out of the quarter. We plan on making it up in the back half of the year. We're starting to see some positive signs where we see some movement happening in the area again. So we'll stay tuned. But right now, our guide has us reopening in the second half of the month that we're in.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, I'd tell you, if you think about the Americas, our commercial HVAC business continues to see very healthy end markets. Very low unemployment. Positive Architectural Billing Index for 14 months in a row now, which is just a great indicator for six to nine months. Applied and unitary bookings were both up over 50% in the quarter, 50%. So we're seeing tremendous demand right now. And we believe that that's going to continue. We're seeing broad-based growth, too. So electronics, data centers, education, health care, office. I mean, as I looked across the verticals last week, I was -- I couldn't find a vertical that was down. So we're continuing to see very strong demand there, Decarbonization of the built environment continues to be a tailwind for us. Indoor air quality continues to be a tailwind. So a lot of strength in the commercial HVAC business in the America. If you go over to res, it's only about 20% of our business, but we saw a strong quarter. The team did well there. 6% order growth, and that comes against a very tough compare, where last year, we were up -- the exact number was north of 40%. So very strong growth there. And as far as share goes, it's hard for me to say in a constrained environment. You could look at order share and shipping share and get two totally different answers. Our product is obviously -- and our backlog is more weighted towards our applied complex products. And as we said in our opening remarks, think about that as where the constraint tends to be more. The more intelligent your product is, the more chipsets that are required, the more constrained in the short term. But long term, we're very, very bullish about our market share gains. And we're very bullish, too, about what we're seeing in the market and hitting the spots with our innovations.
Dave Regnery: Yes. It's a good question. Not 300, but order rates remained strong in the first quarter, up 6%. And that was a bit of a surprise to us considering we were up 40% the prior year. So the demand continues to be strong. Our independent sell-through was strong. The inventory in the channel is about where we expect it to be. In the first quarter, we had growth in the new construction channel, although it's a smaller portion of our business. We'll watch interest rates there and see what happens. But to use your words, we don't see it falling off a cliff, the replacement cycle. Again, resi is about 20% of our business. So even if the replacement cycle did drop 10%, which we don't see it happening, it would be about a 2% drop for the enterprise. And the amount of opportunities that we are seeing in the decarbonization opportunities in both our commercial HVAC business and our Thermo King business on a global basis will far exceed that.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Really, our business operating system is really being leveraged across the enterprise right now. We see what's coming around the corner, and the teams are being very proactive. Andy, you also asked a question about mix. Yes, mix helped us a bit in the quarter. We are seeing mix up. And that really -- that's a good news story because that's where a lot of our innovation is.
Dave Regnery: Yes, I don't have the direct split yet on the repair -- retrofit versus new. But I would tell you that, it was strong across all verticals. Okay? Data centers, electronics. And it really just speaks volumes to the innovations that we've been able to put into the market. And we have customers that were winning today, because of the solutions that we're able to provide. And it's not just about the chiller. It's about the control system that goes with it. It's about the building controls. It's about being connected to the product. It's about being able to run AI algorithms against data that's in a data warehouse to improve the efficiency of buildings and data centers and hospitals. And it's all of that system of things that's just really -- we're in high gear here, and you could see it by the order rates that we're taking in. So we're -- the team is really excited. I've never -- I was out in one of our sales offices a couple of weeks ago, and I would tell you that, the teams there have never been more pumped up about, number one, the innovation that we're providing them to go to talk to customers about and to win customers, but just the whole -- the strength that they're seeing within the marketplace. So it's an exciting time right now. We're hopeful that the -- and we believe it will. The back half of the year from a supply constraint will get better. And we'll take some of this massive backlog that we have right now, $6.2 billion of backlog. I never thought I would say that. $6.2 billion of backlog, which 90% of it is on our commercial HVAC business. We'll start shipping it, and we'll start taking care of customers.
Dave Regnery: I thought -- Steve, I thought you were going to thank me for delivering such a strong first quarter.
Dave Regnery: Exactly. So services, think about services as 50-50, right? 50% of our business is services. Our services were up double digits, so low teens.
Dave Regnery: Yeah. There's nothing like a big ESCO job that book. So these are -- this is just broad-based growth across many different verticals. And you think about what's happening with decarbonization, think about what's happening in the education vertical, think about what's happening with indoor air quality. In many verticals, it's nice tailwinds. We've been saying that for a while, and you're seeing it in our order books.
Dave Regnery: Yeah. Longer than they normally will just because of our extended lead times. But nothing that I would say is extraordinary. It really is a supply constraint.
Dave Regnery: Well, I'm not very paranoid as a person, so I won't use that term. But it really has to do with working with our suppliers. And it's just amazing open communication, understanding what their constraints are, understanding what our needs are. We have some of our, what we're calling self-help redesigns. We're simplifying some of our designs to help our suppliers have more throughput to us, whether it be with wire harnesses is a great example. And those are the kind of things that we've been executing on. A lot of those are going to come on in the back half of the year. So we've seen surprises before, but we're pretty confident that the back half is going to be better than what we've seen here, at least in the first half, which remains choppy. And our team is just doing an excellent job to managing this day-to-day. And if they have a problem, they triage it, they overcome it. We have incredible processes that we've set up now. And we're getting really, really sophisticated at executing when a problem does arise.
Dave Regnery: Yeah. And Andrew, I would just add that even with interest rates, and I guess, we'll find out at 2 o’clock at least, East Coast time today, what the Fed decides to do. But they're still pretty low rates comparably to historical norms.
Dave Regnery: No problem. As far as the SEER transition, we don't see a big pre-buy. I think it really has to do with the way this year change is being executed with the south, at least at the AC level, it's an installed base. So it's not a manufacturing date, the North is a manufacturing date. So think of it more as a phase in, phase out of inventory that we'll see in the South. We're actually really good at this with all of our innovation. We're constantly doing phase in, phase outs within our own plants. So we're taking those chapters out of our business operating system and helping our distributors manage their inventory in a proactive way. We don't see a big pre-buy and we're certainly more than ready for this transition to higher SEER products.
Dave Regnery: No. I think it's more about explaining to the customer that we're trying to ensure that, one, we can price it properly. But they're probably also getting constrained on another – from another OEM as well, whether it be a trailer or a tractor. So we're trying to help them marry that demand up. So slotting in this industry is not new. And it's not only Thermal King. It's also trailer as well as tractors that we're seeing some of that happen. So we're working with our customers. They know – these are – we have some pretty loyal customers in our Thermo King business, as you can imagine, with the innovations that we have in our products. So we haven't seen customers move away from that. They understand the reason why, and they're working with us as that dynamic continues to persist.
Chris Kuehn: Scott, this is Chris. What I would say is, we see a lot of value in our shares today. And frankly, we saw a lot of value in our shares three months ago. We take a long-term view in terms of stock valuation and looking at our intrinsic value. As we noted on the prepared remarks, we have a lot of firepower with respect to repurchases, $3 billion new authorization provided by our Board here in the first quarter puts total capacity around $4 billion here at the end of the first quarter. So we really like the position we're in. The balance sheet has got a lot of capacity to do both M&A and repurchases. So we're not limited. The guide on the year is $2.5 billion roughly of deployment, with about $1.9 billion of share repurchase and M&A. And we'll continue to execute that quarter-by-quarter as we go through the year. But our priorities remain consistent in how we allocate our funds and our cash. We see a lot of value in the shares. We have a lot of firepower. And look, I think we're really on track for the full year here to deploy that cash.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Sure. And I'll talk about the firmness of the backlog too. Joe, we don't see any risk right now on the backlog, everything appears to be firm. From a pricing perspective, we're on our second round of price increases here in 2022. We wound up at three rounds roughly of price increases in 2021. Certainly, from say 90 days ago, material inflation in the quarter in Q1 and certainly on a full year basis is going to be higher than what we thought 90 days ago. But we're seeing stronger price realization. The second round of price increases is giving us confidence that we've got the opportunity to be flattish in the second quarter and be price/cost positive on the full year. On the backlog in terms of pricing, as we think about our longer live, let's say, applied systems orders, those orders, given that they're 6, 9, 12 months out, will generally have a price escalation clause inserted in there. So there's some protection in that regard. In our residential business, not only through price increases we've done, same on the commercial side. But the price increases we've done, we've also repriced the backlog. So it's given us an opportunity to reset that pricing when we see a material change in inflation.  And then last, but not least, on the transport portfolio, we've had price increases as well there. But we're also really intentionally managing the demand and the bookings, making sure we're only opening up the bookings for a quarter when we've got good line of sight to what the cost is going to be in that quarter.  So, we're intentionally kind of limiting demand at this point. And I would say, for example, we don't have order books mostly open in the fourth quarter this year, would be an area where we're kind of pausing until we get closer to understand the cost environment.  But we're not seeing demand destruction at this point at all with the price increases we've had to put in place. In fact, we really look at them as inflation-based price increases. We're really not out here to price guess, we're just trying to offset the inflation that we've got. Hopefully, that helps.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Thanks, John. You're right. For the full year adjusted EPS, we held at $6.95 to $7.15. We did incorporate about $0.05 of headwind from FX in that guide as well. So we're feeling confident we can offset that. Look, we're in the first quarter of the year. It's traditionally the lightest quarter of the year when we think about HVAC companies. So we're happy with the results where we are in the first quarter. It turned out stronger than we thought when we guided 90 days ago or so. So it's giving us increased confidence on the full year basis. We took the full year revenue up to 10% or approximately 10%, given what we're seeing an increased price realization. So right where we sit, we were in the first quarter. We've got three more to go. And we're certainly going to update you and the group when we get to the Q2 earnings release, because we'll be halfway through the year at that point. We'll have a much better sense on where things are shaking out on a full year basis. With the performance in the first quarter and the guide in Q2, we've really derisked a bit of the back half of the year. We got out ahead of price here in the first quarter. That's a good sign. We thought we'd be okay there, but a little bit stronger than where -- we landed a little bit stronger than where we thought. So it's just giving us more confidence also on the full year basis that we should be price/cost positive on a dollar basis.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, Andy. It does give us confidence on the full year basis. You're right. We guided negative price cost in the first quarter, and we wound up realizing flattish. Certainly, some additional volume coming through allows for maybe a little bit more price to come through. But I would tell you that the price execution by our teams has been very strong. I know these are not easy conversations to have with customers. We hear that all the time from our businesses and our leaders. The fact is though we're trying to just offset this persistent inflation. So in the quarter, it was a little bit more inflation, a little bit more price. We got it to flattish. And given our comp on the first half of the year, very strong price a year ago with moderate inflation is where our thoughts were. We could have some headwinds in the first half of the year, giving us confidence we're going to be flattish in the first half of the year on a dollar basis for price cost.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah. I would add, Julian, to Dave's point on being aggressive and opportunistic, that will probably continue here into the second quarter. We'll see what's available and see if we can do better there. On pricing, look, the realization came in stronger on the first quarter. We've got a second round of price increases that we've already announced for this year. And we're remaining nimble depending on what happens with material inflation and freight inflation for the year to correspond appropriately. I think on the -- as Dave mentioned, in the second half, with the self-help initiatives, the redesigns that we have, that gives us confidence the second half is going to have stronger volume growth. And with that, comes stronger incrementals, and ultimately, hopefully with some less inefficiencies in the plants and otherwise that have really been pervasive for us in the second half of last year and really so far this year.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. I'd say on the second half, certainly, we expect incrementals to be stronger than the first half. We'll see where it kind of plays out on the second half of the year, Julian. But given the volume coming through, let's say, 30% plus incrementals, we'll see where productivity , other inflation falls out. I do think, on a full year basis, we're going to see the price/cost equation, even if we're positive on a dollar basis, that can -- it's still going to present some challenges on the margin in terms of being able to get that positive. I just think that math may be challenging throughout the year. But we do expect leverage to be stronger in the second half. We see on a full year basis that organic leverage being around the mid-teens range based on what we see today. And then we'll update you and the team here in the next quarter earnings release based on another quarter of performance. And we'll see where that kind of falls out for the year. But again, in the first quarter, we've been really pleased with what our teams have been able to do around procurement and engineering to find solutions. And I know that they're still trying to do that today.
Chris Kuehn: Well, we like 25% as a long-term number. Last year, we were able to drive 30% incrementals. And part of that was getting out in front of price earlier. We had good volume last year. So, those really contributed to above the long-term target. This year, it really is a price/cost dynamic that's -- just having that headwind on the margins on the first quarter and likely in the full year. I do think, depending on where direct material inflation falls out, Josh, this is an industry that typically holds on to price fairly well. If we start to see deflation, which we don't see right now on the full year basis in 2022, but if you do see deflation, supply chains continue to recover and we get our strong incrementals on volume, we can offset price/cost. We'll see where that plays out. That may be a good formula for us. But long-term, we like the 25%. One thing I would add, in the quarter and also for Q2 in the guide, we continue to invest incremental investments into our innovation and new product development. That's not something we're all relenting on. And again, we'd like to save five points of incrementals. Let's say, let's take five points of that incremental, let's invest it back in the business to get us to that 25% long-term target.
Chris Kuehn: Thank you. If you kind of think there's a scenario, if bookings are flattish in 2022 versus, say, 2021, that's the $16.8 billion that Dave referenced before. We've got about 10% revenue growth approximately on a full year basis. Kind of do that math. It would tell you that the backlog should grow by over $1 billion here just by the end of 2022. So we entered 2022 with record backlog. And we thought, well, maybe that could moderate or even come down. I think the way we could see it today is that, that backlog could be even higher by $1 billion or more as we go into 2023. So it's looking like it's should be a very strong year through the balance of this year and then ultimately as we start 2023.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah, Andrew. I would say the short answer is, in the last three, six months, we're not really seeing much of a change in terms of demand based on changes in interest rates. There are financing options that are out there selling to the consumer and maybe coming at a little bit of a higher cost to a distributor today. But it's not changing the idea around the record demand and ultimately serving customers. So I would say we don't see that changing the business model. Looking backwards or even looking out over the next year, we don't see that really changing.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah, Deane. For copper and aluminum, we are laddering out purchases and locking in quantities. But think of it as one quarter out, we're probably around 75%, 80% locked copper and aluminum, two quarters out. You're probably in that 60-ish, 50-ish percent range. And then three quarters, four quarters, that drops to about 25%, 30%. So we've continued to execute that through that here in this environment the last several years. We think that's a good process for us now to speculate steal with our forward buy and our mill by programs. We're generally locking in price for about six months. So looking out, any changes in price today would really have an impact for us really in the fourth quarter.
Steve Tusa: First of all, thank you so much for the -- opening the books a bit and with the more precision on the price/cost impact. That's super helpful for the models, for sure. So that precision is much appreciated.
Steve Tusa: Why would I thank you for that? Yes. So on the commercial HVAC orders, I thought you said applied and unitary were both up. Did you say north of 50% or north of 15%? I didn't quite catch that.
Steve Tusa: So, then, if they were -- if commercial HVAC orders were up 35%, does that mean that, like, I guess, you're talking about services in there as well, would have been below that? Yes.
