David Regnery: I just think, hi, Julian, how you doing? First of all, Chris talked a little bit about our leverage of 25 plus, could there be a quarter where that's higher? Sure, absolutely. Based on where we see opportunities, but I would tell you, from my vantage point, we love to reinvest in our business, we love to find opportunities to drive differentiated revenue growth on the top line, the Flywheel that I referred to in my opening comments. It's something that has a proven track record for us and as an innovation leader in the industry, we plan on that continuing well into the future.
David Regnery: I mean, let's start with residential. I think we're pretty clear in our comments there, we think residential for the full year will be down to mid-single digit range. We think that based on some of the tailwinds that we have in our own business being strong backlog, strong price. We'll see some tailwinds probably later in the year, with some regulatory changes, specifically around IRA, we see that as we will be plus or minus 1%, and residential. On Thermo King, if you look at the Americas, and you look at x specific data, right now, they have that as a stronger first half for second half. But that assumes Julian that the trailer OEMs will actually be able to hit the production rates. We haven't seen them demonstrate that. So my belief is that some of that volume will actually push towards the second half from the first half, but we'll see how the year plays out. As far as in Europe, Thermo King we think the market will be down a lot of that's the economic conditions there. But in both cases, whether the Americas or in Europe, we plan on outperforming the markets as we've demonstrated our capability over the last two years.
David Regnery: Yes, I got this in the foreword. Yes, no, we're actually, if you look at our commercial HVAC businesses on a global basis, right, lots of strength in the Americas, really, across many verticals, okay, which is always a good sign. We don't see that slowing down. In fact, we see some tailwinds towards the back half of the year with regulatory changes as far as IRA, as well as with the CHIPS Act. Okay, that's all-in front of us. So those will be nice tailwinds. With a book-to-bill of 110%. We have a lot of backlogs in our commercial HVAC, Americas business. In Europe. just to be really blunt about it, we're winning in Europe with our innovations. And just a really strong fourth quarter, we had been faced with some supply chain issues there throughout 2022. A lot of those challenges improved dramatically in the fourth quarter. You see that with our revenue growth, I mean, revenue growth in the fourth quarter was up - was over 40%. And our bookings continued to be strong as they were up in the high teens, so a lot of strength there. And then in Asia, I mean, Asia was a surprise. And our revenue growth was 20%. About five points of that was kind of a hangover from the COVID problems we had in the second quarter, but still 15% very strong, and order rates remain strong. In China, specifically, our order rates were up close to double digits, revenue was up double digits. So we're cautiously optimistic on Asia as it reopens China then.
David Regnery: Okay, nice question, Josh. I think that first I'll start with what we're seeing right now in stimulus, we're seeing a lot of demand, obviously, within the education vertical. If you're looking at our education vertical in the Americas, the equipment business, in 2022, it's up close to 40%. Okay, and that's going to continue for some time now. I believe the change in that was, if an order booked, I think it’s September 2024, you actually have until 2026, to have it installed. So we see that continuing to happen. And you see that in our very, very strong absolute booking dollars that we're able to generate. IRA, obviously that's still being worked through the funds are going to flow from the Fed to the states, and then the states will operate in a framework, and we'll work with the different states to make sure that we're very clear on how that's going to happen. We see that as it's certainly in the back half of the year, both in the commercial space, as well as in the residential space. The key to being successful, really, with IRA is, how do you take something that's pretty complex right now and make it really simple for the customer? And that's exactly what we did with the education funding that was available. And we'll do the same. We're really good at that with the IRA. As far as the CHIPS Act go, yes, that's going to be back half. I mean, we, that's all-in front of us. And it's certainly going to be an opportunity, we have a lot of strength in that vertical, we had great customer relationships. But some of that bookings could happen in 2023. But that's really all in front of us. I think the applications are just being opened up here in the first quarter so that they can start applying for these funds. So that's really all in front of us, given the duration time it takes to actually get a bad plan from planning up to operations.
David Regnery: Yes, it's a good question. I think I'll start with the supply chain. I think the supply chain continues to improve gradually. The fourth quarter was better than the third quarter, I'm sure in the first quarter, we've done in the fourth quarter. But we see that is a several quarters before the supply chain gets back to what I would call normal. As far as capacity is concerned, we don't have capacity concerns. As a company that embeds lean thinking in our operating system, we're constantly looking to, for ways to expand our capacity with our own four walls. So we're very comfortable, we'll be able to meet the demand. That will happen and hopefully it starts to happen in the fourth quarter.
David Regnery: Yes, Chris, the only thing I would add is if you look at the Thermo King Americas business on two-year stack, order rates are up over 40% and a very large backlog going into 2023. So it's a business that has performed extremely well, in 2022, and will continue to outperform the markets in 2023.
David Regnery: Yes, I think you're spot on, Joe, I think a normal backlog for our business at the end of any years, probably in the $3 billion range. And we'll end 2023 and enter 2024 with a backlog that could be $6 billion or greater. And we do -- we believe our backlog will be elevated for a long period of time, which gives us a lot of visibility not only to future revenues, but also allows us to help our suppliers and to make sure they have plenty of visibility as to what our requirements are going to be.
David Regnery: Yes, it's a great question. And I'd say I'm so proud of our team in commercial HVAC EMEA, yes, we had 40% plus revenue growth in the quarter, we had some supply chain issues earlier in the year that we highlighted. Okay, a lot of those, so many of those got rectified in the fourth quarter. So that helped us get the volume out. But I look at the order rates as well. And the order rates are up mid-teens, two-year stack up 20. We are seeing tremendous demand for our thermal management systems. So our growth rates in Europe are really a function of our innovation that we've been able to deliver to the marketplace. And we are winning share in Europe, and we are winning with our customers. So it's a really great story with our business in EMEA. I've been with that business for a long time. And I was in the days when it was not such a great business. But it is very, very strong today. We have such a great leadership team there that's constantly pushing the envelope on innovation, so expect more in the future.
David Regnery: Sure, let me put my glasses on here so I can see. We were strong, really on an equivalent basis. The Americas was strong, really in both. I mean, our unitary revenue was up was north of 30%. Steve, and our, the Applied Business in the Americas was mid-teens. So both very, very strong. Our bookings -- go ahead.
David Regnery: And just add to that, obviously, we are seeing, Chris talked about materials, but labor is certainly inflationary as energy costs. So if you look at all the cost inputs, which are product growth teams look at in a lot of detail. It allows them to have visibility as to what to see in the future.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean, the cyclicality we could arm wrestle over. Okay, if you look at the trailer market in the Americas, it's been in that 40,000-unit range for a long time plus or minus 10%. So very strong market. As far as the electrification, we'll wait and see on that. I would tell you that we are, that's one of the investments that we're really doubling down on, is how do we expedite what we're doing there on electrification, we are seeing demand from our customers, especially in the shorter distances. So think of the truck aspect there. So our team is doing a great job meeting their expectations, but more to come we're, I'm very excited about the innovation pipeline specifically in our Thermo King business.
David Regnery: I think you got the answer, Nigel, there's a couple of things, right? First of all, the backlog of $6 billion, I was kind of using that as an example. I think we're going to end 2023 with a backlog of $6 billion or more. Okay, so there's, for us to burn $1 billion in backlog will be a lot. As far as why can't you burn it faster? A couple of reasons you hit on, right. One is supply chain, it's improving, it will continue to improve in the future, our teams are doing just a fantastic job working with our suppliers, giving them visibility and everything we can to make sure that we improve their performance. And that's happening. The second is that lead times, especially in our commercial HVAC businesses, and the applied side of it, for sure, have extended. And that's not unique to Trane Technologies that's really across the industry, in fact, we're very competitive with our lead times. But so that means that customers don't want an order early, right, you're not going to ship an order, especially on the applied side to a customer before their job site is ready. And so that's elongating the backlog as well.
David Regnery: Nigel, just to follow up on the labor concern. That's not a concern for Trane Technologies. We've done a great job being able to track the right labor, we're doing a great job. Our human resource department is doing just a fantastic job of training, creating career ladders for hourly associates, so we really want to be that destination location, not only for our salaried employees, but also our hourly employees and we're doing a great job there.
David Regnery: Yes, that is exactly why there's elongated lead times right now. You do not want to disappoint a customer with delivery. Think about it. I mean, some of our products will use air handling as an example, if you're constructing a building, okay, you could end up holding up an entire job if you're late. And trust me, you don't want to be on the other end of a phone call that has the whole building being slowed up because of your product. So we're making sure that we're providing realistic lead times to our customers, doesn't mean we don't have our past dues, we do, we track that very intensely, our plant managers drive that on a daily basis. But for the most part, you really have to give realistic dates as to when a customer can expect the product and you need to hit it. And that's one of the key operational metrics that we look at it at a high level. And I could tell you, it happens at a very detailed level within our business.
David Regnery: A bit of both on that. I think that you obviously are going to cannibalize any combustion engine that's out there with your electric solution. But there's also opportunities, you think about, I guess, like best example, that would probably be think of home delivery, right? That's it's a realm. I mean, it's a relatively new market. Okay. It's expanding quite quickly. I think with some of our new electrified product, that higher capacity, you're going to be able to create different market opportunities. And I won't be more specific than that. But we're pretty excited about what we see there. And your other question was just –
David Regnery: Yes, I won't get too specific on that. But I think you could see that we've obviously taken share for the last couple of years, and we anticipate taking more share in the future, right. I mean, our team just does a great job there with working with our dealers, creating value propositions for our customer that are very compelling. I mean, I use Europe as an example. I mean, if you have a product that's able to get 30% better efficiency than the best in the market, I mean, you're going to have a very compelling opportunity to talk to every customer about the value proposition that we bring. And that's what we do. And we see these innovations and Thermo King use innovations in residential, these innovations in commercial really hitting the mark with our customers. And it really allows us to create that differentiated revenue growth that we're seeing on the top line. It's that Flywheel that I referred to, and we're going to continue to make sure that we save plenty of dollars to reinvest in our business to keep that Flywheel very vibrant.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean it's a provocative question, Andrew. And I don't see it that way. I think that as supply chain improves, you'll see lead times contract, does it go back to what it was post pandemic? Maybe not, maybe it's a little bit longer. I think that everyone sees the value in the visibility. And we've done a lot of work with our customers setting up some of those more visibility in that space so that will stay. So could they extend a bit? Sure. I don't expect, I expect them to improve from where they are today. And if I went back a year, I would tell you, they've dramatically improved from a year ago. So we'll see how it plays out. But it's a very provocative question.
David Regnery: Yes, I mean, I'll be very specific. It was, very nervous about what's coming out of Asia. And so we want to put additional safety stock for anything that's coming out of Asia. And we think it's very prudent. It's about the $40 million range and the reopening there of China specifically, although we're cautiously optimistic. We just want to make sure that we were reading the tea leaves correctly, and that we did not get caught short of supply.
Christopher Kuehn: Hey, Gautam, this is Chris. Yes, I think we have modest price carryover going into 2023. Certainly we're going to be comping against tough comps in 2022 with record levels of pricing. You think about the full year ‘22, we had close to 10 points of price. It's actually 9.5 points of price on the full year. Right now we're not planning on multiple price increases in 2023. But we do remain nimble to react to how we see input costs playing out during the year. It's a strength in our business operating system we've remained price costs positive. These last two years of highly inflationary environments. So we're going to remain nimble. Could it be in the 2% to 2.5% range? Yes, that's probably the range that it's in for carryover.
Christopher Kuehn: Hey, Chris, this is Chris, I'll start with that answer. We've been selective with opening up the backlog in our Thermo King businesses now for the last couple of years. And what it means is we haven't opened up the second half of 2023 orders at this time. We are talking with customers; we are getting strong insights from them on what units they need. We're just not pricing that at this point at the end of the fourth quarter, and therefore it's not making its way into bookings and or into backlog so. For the Americas business, we're seeing that transport markets being slightly favorable. The trailer market being one to two points up on a year-over-year basis so very solid. Dave commented about the cadence throughout the year that may shift a little bit more into the second half, depending on how the OEMs get through their fleets and get their output up. But I will tell you that really strong business, we have a lot of innovation in that business, it is a diversified business as well. And so while we've been able to outgrow the markets for the last several years, we have those plans to do it again in 2023.
Christopher Kuehn: Steve, as we think about commercial businesses, I'll speak for Americas and EMEA really just our plans right now up high single digits in terms of revenue on the full year, the significant backlog just gives us really strong visibility to the revenue profile. And then Dave talked about the stacking effect from a bookings perspective. Could we see 10% growth in some of these businesses and pockets? Possibly, it really depends on the maturity of the supply chain, which we've seen gradually get better over the last several quarters, and we've got embedded in the guide, a gradual improvement in 2023. But if it got stronger, could that output be stronger on the top line? Yes, it could be. But let's see how the year kind of plays out. I think for Asia, we're calling it dynamic. We're calling right now for stable growth as you work throughout the year, but it’s a dynamic market, and we're watching it closely, but very strong backlog entering into the year.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, I would say first quarter overall, [inaudible] enterprise, like I mentioned earlier, I see the revenue growth in Q1 in line with how we see the full year. That 68% kind of range, commercial HVAC, I would expect to be stronger as we work throughout the year, just given the profile, we've got some backlog, but certainly carrying into the first quarter. We'll open up the bookings here for the second half shortly. But I would expect that to be at the enterprise level and that 68% range, and we'll see how that plays out.
Christopher Kuehn: Hey, Andy, it's really a mix of all the above, we are trying to get within the lock, just one price increases, we start the year that's been our cadence prior to the last two years of this highly inflationary environment. So we're trying to set the stage for where we see pricing for the year inclusive how of how we see these commodity costs playing out over the last couple of months. And the goal is we don't have three rounds of price increases as we work through 2023. So right now, it's really baking in all of that information today with that price increase entering 2023.
Christopher Kuehn: Nigel, it's Chris. So we're aware of that thesis. And I think, with our focus on our business operating system, we're ensuring all of our businesses are growing margins. I would say in the commercial HVAC businesses really been impacted the last couple of years of the supply chain challenges, lots of inefficiencies, the inability to drive productivity, lots of increased costs to serve customers and expediting freight, buying components on the spot markets, we've incurred a lot of costs in the business just to get the revenue out. And that's presenting a nice opportunity, as the supply chain normalizes as we can drive productivity in the plants, and ultimately, get our team members focused on both productivity and solving the supply chain issues, which they're doing outstanding jobs, solving the supply chain issues throughout the last two years. But I see all of our segments next year having very strong leverage. And I think that some really nice opportunities there for us to go drive. And when we eliminate some of those inefficiencies. We're also baking in incremental investments. So I think we can do both next year. We can drive 25% or better organic leverage with also incrementally under 20 to 30 basis points of investments, allows us to do both and really drive for market outgrowth.
Christopher Kuehn: Maybe I'll add one more thing is just our Asia business, right as majority call it 90 plus percent commercial HVAC, and it's driving high teens EBITDA margin. So I think it shows that we can really drive there for our businesses globally.
Christopher Kuehn: And I think that there's a little bit more complexity this time, we're depending on where you're located in the country. It's an installed date for some manufacturing date. So we really worked with our independent wholesale distributors in the south, okay, because that's really where the, for non-heat pump product where that was installed date, so we don't want them to get stranded. So we help manage that situation. And we're pretty good at this. I mean, we implement so many new products that phase in phase out as we refer to it, it is the second nature to us. So we just really helped our IWDS work through that process.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, I'll start, Brett. So generally what I'd look at is focused on our factory of the future and automation. We're spending time and cost around digital and also around electrification that Dave spoke to, specifically. And not only that Thermo King portfolio, but also in our commercial HVAC portfolios as you think about electrification and heating. So they're great investments to make. Some of them are driving revenues and backlogs immediately. On the automation side, the factory side. This is the opportunity for us as we see the productivity coming back into the business and allows the features for us to go drive more their productivity when you can drive some more automation, get more volume through the factories, and it's been an investment we've been working on for several years. And it's also going to be a little bit of an increased investment in 2023. But very strong paybacks. And look, I think it helps contribute over the long term to that target we have in incremental as a 25%, or better.
