Chris Kuehn: Thanks, Dave. Please turn to slide number six. We delivered strong revenue growth, margin expansion and EPS growth again in the second quarter. Organic revenues were up 11%. Adjusted EBITDA margins were up 100 basis points and adjusted EPS was up 24%. And at an enterprise level, we delivered strong organic revenue growth in both equipment and services, up low teens and high single digits, respectively. Our high-performance flywheel continues to pay dividends with relentless investments in innovation, driving strong top line growth, margin expansion, EPS growth and powerful free cash flow. Please turn to slide number seven. We've discussed the key revenue dynamics for the second quarter, so I'll focus my comments on margins. We delivered strong margin expansion in each of our business segments and have highlighted the key margin drivers on the right side of the page. In each of our regions, as the supply chain continues to improve, we're driving strong leverage on volume growth, along with strong price realization and improving productivity. Near term, challenges continue in pockets of our business with associated costs, and we are managing these well across our segments as reflected in our results. As an enterprise, we delivered about six points of volume and about five points of price in the quarter, which was slightly ahead of our expectations on both price and volume. Volume growth was robust in our commercial HVAC businesses, accompanied by strong organic leverage in excess of 30% in each region. Americas performance was led by strength in commercial HVAC and aided by robust growth in our Americas transport refrigeration business, more than offsetting continued normalization of our residential business. EMEA delivered strong incrementals in margins after accounting for approximately nine points of M&A growth in the quarter, which negatively impacted reported leverage given year one integration costs. As we discussed previously, we've earmarked 70 basis points for incremental business reinvestment in 2023, which is about 30 basis points higher than normal to accelerate the timing of key projects. This is included in our guidance and reflected in segment margins and partially in corporate expenses each quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave.
Chris Kuehn: Andy, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. Look, we're proud where we delivered 30% organic leverage through the first half of the year, and it's giving us a lot of confidence to be 30% or greater in 2023. Look, we're leveraging all parts of the P&L. Price/cost is coming in better than expected. We typically target 20 basis points to 30 basis points of price/cost spread. We're going to do better than that this year. We are seeing a recovery at the supply chain. It is driving improved productivity, less inefficiencies in our plants. And with that higher volume growth with a fewer inefficiencies, we're really getting some nice strong incrementals. What we're really seeing is a dovetail here between price/cost contribution, which will normalize in the second half of the year. We're seeing productivity improving with that improved supply chain and ultimately, like I said, driving those higher volumes. We're continuing to invest incrementally. We're still targeting 60 basis points to 70 basis points of incremental investment, call it, 30 basis points to 40 basis points above normal, and we really like that formula. So really, it's all parts of the P&L that are working and giving us confidence on the 30%-plus, Andy, for this year. On your question longer term, we do like the model at 25%-plus organic leverage into the future. We like that optionality that it gives us to keep reinvesting into the business. But as we go into each and every year, we'll kind of call it do like that long-term target.
Chris Kuehn: Going back to Q2, Q3 last year, I think we felt like we led in price over 2021 and 2022, so that is a part of the reason in the tough comp. And to Dave's guidance on the full year, revenue is down mid-single digits, units down high singles. We've built into our guide plus or minus revenues down mid-singles. We feel like that's part of our guidance that we've updated here on top line revenue growth and our earnings per share.
Chris Kuehn: Hey Julian, this is Chris, I'll start. I think about the backlog at the end of December to now at the end of the second quarter, backlog is up about $100 million, but you're seeing residential execute foods normalization, Thermo King executing through its backlog and actually commercial HVAC is up from even six months ago. So we just continue to see very strong strength there. Our view is we're going to be greater than $6 billion going into the end of 2023. It's going to set us up very well for healthy revenue growth in 2024. And I think, it will continue to be a high-grade problem, we're going to have for a little bit of time to come. The backlog will normalize over time. We're just not seeing very much of that happening this year. In Dave's comments, $2 billion of the current backlog here at the end of the second quarter is already built for 2024. And that's five times the normal level we'd have here at the end of the second quarter. So, we're getting a lot of visibility into next year already. And as you mentioned, a normal percentage of the next 12 months of revenue in backlog is 20%. Dave won’t let me commit to $30 billion of revenue next year. We end the year at $6 billion of backlog. But it will normalize to your point, Julian. It's just going to take some time, but we're still seeing some very strong strength in commercial HVAC right now.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah. Steve, one more thing on price. Just I think you were trying to dial in price in the first half. We're not getting the strong levels of prices you may think we're getting in the first half. It is less than 5% for the first half, and it's going to get lower in the second half for resi. That's just really a strong, very strong comp against where we led with price in 2021 and 2022. We're just seeing that normalize here in the business. So hopefully, that helps clarify a couple of things.
Chris Kuehn: Hey Nigel, it's Chris. I'll start. We've been happy with the margins in backlog. Obviously, our backlog is more focused on equipment than it is service, but we're happy with the margins in the backlog, gives us confidence on the 30%-plus leverage for the year. We're just starting to build some backlog for 2024, so we'll comment more on that as we get to guiding for 2024. But the team's just done an outstanding job for several years now, making sure that we're embedding inflation and expectations around that and making sure that we're getting price. And it's a lot easier. As Dave reminds me all the time, it's a lot easier to get price and you've got innovative products out there and you're talking to the customer about an improved solution from what they previously have. All that is reflected in our higher organic leverage guide for the year. And we'll kind of update as we go through the end of this year getting ready for 2024. On the investments, yes, we're still targeting, call it, 70 basis points of incremental investment. Think of this as investments in our electrification portfolio across our product lines and electrifying the portfolio, investments in the digital strategy, the connectedness back to customers, the previous question on AI. We have over 36,000 connected buildings, over 1 million pieces of connected assets. This is an area that we're continuing to invest in, and we're really pleased with that progress in investment so far this year. Third area of investments for us would be around automation and investing in our own factories. This is starting to see some early results with better productivity as well. So the pipeline is strong on the investments. We're continuing to make sure we can accelerate and where we can, and it just gives us a lot of encouragement that's going to drive results in the future.
Chris Kuehn: Nigel, appreciate the suggestion. We'll look into it. We like the simple methodology of looking at just net earnings and how much free cash flow are we driving off of that. When I think about our conversion in the last three years, the average free cash flow conversion and earnings for us is 110%. And we're targeting this year equal to or greater than 100% on conversion. So we do look at that metric. When it comes to return on invested capital, we look at cash flow return on invested capital as another metric. I think it takes out the noise a bit of some of the accounting conventions that we have to manage through and ultimately, on an ex-intangible basis, let's look at the cash returns of those investments. And we'll start that with an acquisition really year 1, year 2, year 3 and evaluate its accretiveness over a period of time. So we like the ability to by the third year of an acquisition, have accretive EPS growth, drive accretive cash flow return on invested capital. And I would say while very modest this year, even the acquisitions we just made this year will have a very modest impact on EPS already in year 1. So I think that's a bit of the metric, but I appreciate the insight. We'll certainly give that some thought.
Dave Regnery: Okay. That's a long question, Andy. I'll try to remember it all. But as we said, I think it's going to be $6 billion -- north of $6 billion for the year, I'll start there. Look, I'm proud of what the team has been able to deliver. If you look at the revenue growth for commercial HVAC in the second quarter, it was high-teens. And despite that high revenue growth, our book-to-bill was approximately 100%. So you could just see the absolute bookings numbers are just very, very strong. If you look at where the strength is coming from, it's really broad-based across several verticals, so think of data centers, think of high tech, think of healthcare, think of ESSER funding in the education vertical, all really driving a lot of growth for us in our commercial HVAC business, and that team continues to execute at a very, very high level. Now you're seeing -- we're starting to see some of the megaprojects now really come in. And our team is just doing a great job of triaging how we call on those customers. This is where a direct sales force, Andy, I know you and I have talked about this before, it's really a competitive advantage and it's a global direct sales force. We recently were working with a customer in Texas on a semiconductor plant. And just to give you some of the complexity, these are complex projects, but here's a project where the owner was located in South Korea. The engineer was located in Portland, Oregon. The general contractor was also out of South Korea. The mechanical was located in Texas. And here, our team triages has direct contact with all of those influencers and really allows us to create a differentiated value proposition for the customers. So short answer is we continue to see lots of nice growth.
Dave Regnery: Yes. We'll start with ESSER. I think if you look at it from a revenue standpoint, I'd say it's middle innings. If you look at it from an order standpoint, it's obviously a little bit ahead of that because we have orders in our backlog for this. Our team has just done a great job there working with school systems across the country and really helping them help them increase the ability for them to have a safe environment for the children that are learning there. And it really started -- I think you heard me say this before, I started when we were doing indoor air qualities. We created road maps, and we're really executing to that. So revenue standpoint, think of it mid-single digits. IRA, it's all in front of us, okay? It's going to be a 2024 tailwind, very difficult to size right now because, it's going to be each state may have a different set of standards, and we're trying to understand all those different standards now. It will be a tailwind. We're just trying to size it. With the breadth of our portfolio, regardless of how the final rules are written, we'll have a product that will be part of a solution for a customer and I know we tend to want to think of IRA in the residential space, and it will certainly be a tailwind there. It's also going to be a tailwind for our commercial business. And so we're working both fronts of it and stay tuned. And as we learn more, we'll tell others.
Dave Regnery: Yeah. I'll answer the question two ways, Joe. One is from a -- on the commercial side so construction projects, we've seen some delays but nothing that I would call. I think those were -- those have improved from what we've seen in the past. I wouldn't say that's something that's -- we're seeing some projects push but not a lot. So that's not a major problem. I think from an internal source of our direct labor, we've done a lot of work with developing programs to really apprenticeship programs to really grow talent and to give opportunities to people to learn new skills. We've done a lot with tuition advancement programs so that we could deliver, at a grassroots level, the talent not only for today but also for the future. We've had a lot of success with that. I was out in La Crosse, Wisconsin a couple of weeks ago, and it was just refreshing to see the apprenticeship labs we have out there and teaching individuals that were not experts in welding become experts in welding. And it's a great job. It's a great living that these individuals can have with Trane Technologies and there's great advancement. So overall, we're okay.
Dave Regnery: Yeah. In the Americas, our revenue was very strong in equipment. It was up over 30%. Applied was a bit stronger than unitary, but both were strong.
Dave Regnery: Yeah, Steve, it's a bit of all of that. I think sequential improvement we're expecting from Q2 to Q3, the delayed start to the cooling season that's fully in force at this point so we see that sequential improvement into the second half. The comps get a little bit easier as you go into the second half of the year. As Dave mentioned 30% growth in Q2 a year ago, it was mid-teens growth in Q3 and then flattish in Q4. So we just see a little bit easier comps in the second half of the year for resi than where they were in the first half of 2022, but have a lot of confidence that we think we were calling the units down high single digits for the year. Revenue is down probably around mid-singles. And again, plus or minus, we've got that in our guide for the full year outlook.
Dave Regnery: Yes, a bit, like our revenue was down in the mid-teens. Our sell-through was down in the mid-single digits. So the inventory adjustment happened in the second quarter, Steve. We just think more of it will happen in the third quarter as well.
Dave Regnery: Yes. And that's all baked into our guide, Nigel. And if you look at the midpoint of our EPS guide for the year, will be above 20% EPS growth for the third year in a row. So I mean, I'm super proud of what the team has been able to accomplish there. And it's the flywheel of innovation. It's the flywheel around how we operate our business operating system. I always tell people it's a system of things that makes Trane Technologies as a great company, and hopefully, investors see how we're executing to that system of things.
Dave Regnery: I mean, it's a good question, Andrew. The short answer is it depends, okay? You have some fab plants that are extensions. You have other fab plants that are new. The EV battery plant could be really all over the map as far as the size that they'll be putting in. So I hate to give out a number because averages will always -- I know you're trying to size the total opportunity. I would just tell you it's large. And it's large on both the chilled water side as well as on the air handling side. So if you think about it as an applied system, this is a large opportunity. It will be a tailwind for our business into the future.
Dave Regnery: I don't think there's anything I would call out. I think there was an efficiency change. You knew about that. So certainly, there could have been some pent-up demand. It's not a product that we have a lot of inventory on. Some of it goes through our IWDs on the very light side, but not where -- that's not where the -- when we talk about our residential business, we talk about normalizing, that's not where the normalization has to occur. So it's been strong. We've been strong for a while. And obviously, we have a very competitive portfolio there with some really neat innovations. I think I told you when we were together that we took the opportunity, when we had the efficiency change, to really refresh the portfolio. Now, all of our light unitary product can be offered in what we call a dual fuel option. So think of it as a heat pump that could also operate with fossil fuel based on what ambient temperatures are in a particular region at a particular time. So, variable customers. So it's -- we're super excited about the opportunities there.
A – Dave Regnery: You're correct. It doesn't provide any service. We don't include that in our backlog. Difficult to say. Services -- first of all, our service business is a great business, okay? It was up again high single-digits in the second quarter. Chris, I think we're now -- I think I could say six years now where we have compound annual growth rate of high single-digits across the globe, okay? So this is a very strong business that's key to our strategy and really allows us to be tethered to our customers for the life our products. We don't -- it's difficult to ascertain a backlog because if you start thinking of multiyear service agreements, it'd just really be difficult to say if it's a three-year service agreement. A lot of times, we like to add things to service agreements so it'd be hard to quantify that number.
A – Dave Regnery: Yeah. Chris, good question. We are very -- one of our operating system is a very detailed process that we follow. So when we start all the way in the planning phase, we then move to permitting, we then go to engineering, we then go to groundbreaking and site prep and through construction. So it's a very detailed approach you need to follow and the earlier you're involved, the more value you're going to create for the customer. As far as the timing on these, it depends on the type of project, okay? If it's a semiconductor plant, that process could take 3.5, 4 years from planning all the way through completion. Think about HVAC equipment probably being installed and operating maybe 9 to 12 months before operation of the facility. So you can start to back that up as to when you start to see orders. That could be -- it's a bit different on a battery plant, a little bit shorter duration. But again, it's really being involved early in the planning phase and then all through the process. And again, these are very complex projects. So you often have influencers in different parts of the globe that you need to have relationships with and be able to call on.
A – Dave Regnery: Yeah, Chris. Well, thanks for the question, Chris. Yeah, it is a vertical that we've been strong in for a long time, okay? And the answer on AI and the new GPU chip that's now going to be used with AR predominantly with AI, that's a graphic process unit. These units produce a lot more heat. So think of a conventional CPU or central processing unit versus a GPU, graphics process unit. The graphics process unit throws off about 3x the amount of heat versus what we've seen in the past. So if you take that and you think about a data center, the cooling loads within data centers are going to have to change. And we're working with a lot of data center customers because we have a lot of really neat solutions around these high heat applications. So it's definitely going to have an impact on the data centers of tomorrow, how they're being constructed, how they're being planned. And I would tell you that our teams are working very closely with our customers and developing really creative solutions.
A – Dave Regnery: Yeah. I mean, there is a refrigerant change that will happen in 2025 moving away from 410. Look, we're ready for it, I'll start with the engineering side of it. We're ready for it. We've been -- we've worked with next-generation refrigerants for a while so this is right up our alley and the team has done a great job preparing us. We're also preparing our manufacturing locations as we speak to be ready for it. The new refrigerant is classified as slightly flammable, so you have different procedures as to how you handle the refrigerant. But we'll be ready for it. We're not concerned about that. As far as the pre-buy goes, Jeff, the product is going to be more expensive, yes, because it's a -- what they call A2L refrigerant, slightly flammable. You will have additional sensors on the equipment so the cost will be higher. But there's also going to be a limit on the sell-through. So if you had a -- if you were trying to create a pre-buy, you'd have to sell through that inventory. The way it's written right now is within 12 months or it would be stranded inventory. So I do not anticipate that we're going to see a large pre-buy at this time. We'll see how it plays out.
A – Dave Regnery: Yeah. I mean, as you could imagine, being a global HVAC player, we get to see a lot of different opportunities. We like these technology acquisitions. We've been very successful with them. We acquired MTA, great industrial process cooling technology. We'll be able to scale that predominantly in Europe. We'll be able to scale it in our channels. We also acquired Helmer in the second quarter. Think of that in the life science space. Think about it as at the storage capability but also in the processing capability. So again, a nice acquisition that we'll be able to scale with our channels. We like this technology. We've been very good at taking these technology companies with great products and bolting them on to our operations. And with our strong channel, we've been able to create a lot of value for our shareholders.
