Michael Lamach: Yes. You have to separate the business a bit, Scott. So take HVAC, where we saw, again, a really strong bookings growth and continued momentum there in services as well. And in those markets, I think it's less susceptible, particularly on the government, commercial side involving infrastructure institutional work, that there's more of a bias toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions. And as I've said hopefully a thousand times, if you're going to go attack the greenhouse gas emissions problem anywhere, you're going to hit HVAC, whether it's stationary or transport first because it's 15% to 25% of most economies' global house -- greenhouse gas emissions. So I don't think that China lets its foot off the gas around codes, compliance and regulations that would improve air and water quality. That being said, you look at the Industrial business, and here, I think the trends are largely the same. Interestingly, we saw good growth in some of the smaller compressors, some of our Contact Cooled Rotary and certainly in our air -- in our rotary compressor lineup in general. But certainly, all 3 would have been part of that. So that continues. What I get mostly from our suppliers and from our customers that are in China, exporting outside of China particularly to the U.S. is they are waiting to see. However, some of them are moving more rapidly to put incremental capacity in Asia outside of China. So Vietnam is a favorite spot for that right now. So I think that you're already seeing sort of actions taken by Chinese companies that export. I think you'll continue to see that going forward. And by the way, it's a positive, Scott, for us because it doesn't matter sort of where they set up shop. We're going to be able to support them. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. We have strong footprint throughout Asia, so you really can't get to a part of Asia where we don't have a team on the ground, a sufficient capacity of supply. So it would be good. So long as that capacity is unlocked somewhere, we would have opportunity. 
Michael Lamach: Sue, I'd probably add one point, which is when you think about the productivity over a long period of time creating higher utilization and really opening up new capacities, we've taken the decision over the years to slowly as projects emerge and you can consolidate, reduce footprint, we've done that. But you've seen in 2018 and 2019 a more aggressive view toward that. There was a step-up in '18, not quite as high a step-up in '19. That's, at this point, sort of the last of what we see as the larger projects would entail for us. And we want to be clear that we're not thinking about a recession in 2019, but we wanted to get, really, in front of that final large restructuring now. And just really in the event that something would happen into the future around recession, we're just going to be that much more resilient around that. So that's another part of what the investments involved through '18 and certainly in the fourth quarter of '18. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the total investment number on the bridge itself is always right around 40, 50 basis points, and that's exactly what we'll be modeling in '19. 
Michael Lamach: Steve, I love you're adapting your question because I was expecting the one about quarter 1, and so let me answer that one actually first because I appreciate you're taking a longer view on that. Quarter 1 is usually the part that I think creates the most confusion around investors. But historically, if you look at the 3-year average, we've been around 12.4%. If you go to a long-term average, it's been around 11.1%. So I think that when you think about the seasonality for us, it largely comes into the first quarter. And for models that are between 11% and 12.5%, you're kind of in a safe range. If you're north of that, you're probably figuring out something that we don't know about. So that's how I would kind of give you some thoughts around quarter 1. The rest of the year sort of works itself out. I don't think there's been that many situations where there's been confusion around the back half of the year or even quarter 2. 
Michael Lamach: Well, we've had a very strong HVAC year in quarter 4 in Europe and so that continues. And again here, this is this bifurcation between economies very focused on energy efficiency, greenhouse gas emissions and making the regulatory changes to make that happen. So the growth rates there are outstanding. And then you're looking at sort of the Industrial side of Europe is slower than that, of course, as you -- I think factoring in sort of a sloppier Brexit, and I think the economy is a little bit in a slower mode there. But all in all, it's not -- it's certainly not that in Industrial and Europe for us, and it's been great in HVAC. Middle East has been choppier with the way orders come in there. Generally, you're talking about district cooling plants that are extremely large and whether they build them or not or modify them or not can make a difference quarter-to-quarter. So I think the environment there is good for us. It's just a matter of lumpiness in the orders. So we're relatively optimistic on Europe and certainly the Middle East as well. In terms of transport refrigeration in Europe, it's a little bit mixed. You've got a slowdown in Western Europe. You've got continued growth in Eastern Europe. You see a little slower European trailer market and you see a little stronger European truck market. And again, I think this is just really working through some of the general economic concerns, largely Brexit. And clarity on Brexit, frankly sort of a good outcome there. Clarity would be sort of a baseline outcome, I think, is a positive for the market and for our businesses. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. We actually had one in 2016 that I wish we would have called it out in 2016 because that created a little bit of confusion in '17 when it lapped. I think it was in the $120 million range. This one's closer to $200 million. So I think that we're going to see more of these where it's a holistic approach toward reducing energy use in facilities, campuses, buildings, reducing the energy intensity, maybe even getting some grid flexibility moving toward alternative power. We're seeing more of that. And so for us, we're seeing that it involves design, equipments, lots of controls, service moderating over time and then some subcontracts that will go along with that. So they're lumpy. I've been quite talking about this for 3 or 4 quarters. So that's one of the larger projects that we thought we would close, and I think these things will get spotted in over time. This particular project will last about 40 months, and it will burn revenue in a pretty linear fashion. And we like that. We like the -- again, the resiliency over 4 years of having a nice base of business to build on. The margins are pretty good, and so it shouldn't really affect what we expect to be good leverage for the business going forward. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. It's both, Nigel. I mean, you can expect that it would be both for us. And it's really looking at the actionability, affordability, the ROICs of the M&A that's out there based on what we think we could do that for and then comparing that toward intrinsic value. Of course, the benefit on the acquisition is building a compounding base of cash over time, particularly if they're good businesses, strategically fit the core of the company. So that's the focus. But as you know, we're not going to let cash sit around for long, and we're going to deploy it somewhere. And that's what certainly happened in the fourth quarter where you saw us actually stepped up the buyback in the fourth quarter. Balance sheet is in great shape, so plenty of capacity there and flexibility to work with the balance sheet going forward. 
Michael Lamach: And of course, Joe, we delivered really outsized cash and a slowdown, so it's kind of a good problem to have as we're funding growth here. And it's not a worry in terms of what we think about every day. Cash would be not a worry in terms of our ability to deliver that. We've done it historically. We'll do it in 2019, and there was good reason in '18. The plan we always have is to increase turns. We usually plan it about half a turn, but we always throttle it back. The trump card there is always on-time shipment, on-time delivery. And when you've got sort of volatile order rates particularly biasing upwards, we want to make sure we've got plenty of safety stock or increase  Kanban sizes just to be able to handle particularly hard-to-get components and parts. And so we're just going to make sure that we're making hay while the sun is shining. So Sue's point is exactly right, but we want to make sure to fulfill the growth and do it on time. 
Michael Lamach: Well, our growth rate's -- the forecast is probably half of what it was last year. So I think, to Sue's point, you're going to see working capital come down anyway there a little bit. I think we comfortably get above 100%, just based on that. But it's a 12-round fight, so you need to think about how this is going to evolve over the year. And if we've got a good outcome on some of the stuff that's out there, whether it's the debt ceiling negotiations or Brexit or China-U.S. tariff discussions. If it's a blue sky scenario there, we're going to adjust, as necessary, to go fulfill that. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Look, I think that these projects kind of go in sort of 2 to 5 at a time that are out there on the horizon. They take often 2, 3 years to develop. We'll often put $10-or-more million into the development of the project, you can imagine. And so as we get closer and closer toward thinking we've got something, we can certainly do that. This year we knew that we had 1 or 2, turned out to be the one really large one. There's a couple of smaller but in the magnitude of $50 million to $125 million that are out there. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. So resi, really, from 2013 to the present, and I would say, 18, for sure, of consecutive quarters in a row, we had share gain. And we really changed the strategy in '13, product distribution, the model, investments in digital. And so for 18 straight quarters without a hiccup, we've had share gain there. It was the same in the fourth quarter of this year, and the markets there remained strong. You have to realize that 85% of what we do is going to be in the replacement market, not the new construction market. So think about the context of Ingersoll-Rand, you think about Residential HVAC as being less than 10% of our revenue, so you can think about -- obviously, you're talking about a really small number, 1% to 2% being new construction. And if that fell up, even 20%, would be a negligible dip for us. We're really built towards the replacement market, and I think that's going to continue to be strong. 
Michael Lamach: Well, a couple of things, Andy. One is certainly the Applied business remains strong, but I have to tell you the strength of the unitary, commercial unitary market was really strong as well. And so this just gives us a general sense about the sort of underlying economic conditions in the U.S. are still pretty positive. It's got long legs to have had that kind of growth for this long, particularly the results we had in the fourth quarter in commercial unitary. The applied and institutional work continues to move along nicely. Education and health care, about 50% sort of that mix, and we think that education continues to be strong. We think that the health care continues to be strong. No outliers there that we're seeing on that front, so we think we've got a solid backlog built for '19. And as I mentioned earlier on the question regarding the larger contract that we booked that Nigel asked, that thing is a 4-year [ span ]. So I think this thing has got legs through '19, for sure. Now recognize, too, Andy, for people that needed -- just to kind of keep it in context, when you think about our Commercial HVAC business, you got to think about 50% equipment, 50% service. You get to the equipment piece of this thing, it really breaks down pretty quickly between institutional and commercial. But the large component of what we do there is still replacement buildings in the U.S., and so I think there's always an opportunity for us to have more energy-efficient, more environmentally friendly ideas going into customers, and so there's a demand-creation opportunity here as well. 
Michael Lamach: So nothing remarkable jumps out to me at all on the year. It's pretty straight stick. I think that we're right -- you're right in the ballpark there, too, of 25% leverage. That will continue to improve throughout the year. The mix, if anything, I mean, perhaps a little bit on the res side or the TK side because we continually expand more of the opening price point for the product line. With TK, there could be some mix with Europe being a little bit weaker and a bit more profitable than North America, a bit more maybe toward truck versus trailer in Europe. So little things on the edges, but I think it's a pretty straightforward year. The visibility around the backlog for TK, particularly around North American trailer units and around, obviously, power units, is the most visibility we ever had in that business. I think we feel that way about the backlog in HVAC entering the year as well, too. So a relatively straightforward plan here, I think. 
Michael Lamach: I'd say, John, once we make these announcements into '19 and as we think about extending the next round of long-term plan and guidance that we do, this is something that will factor into improved margins and costs, of course, lower fixed costs in the company going forward. And I think we can probably help recast that sometime later in the year for all investors to understand the benefit of what's happened. And so we'll make a note to do that once we are -- have announced our intentions. 
Michael Lamach: Well, first, I mean, back to John's question, when you think about sort of where all this restructuring spend has gone, the bulk of it, to this point, has gone into the Industrial business, particularly in the compressor business. And so I think building a higher margin, more resilient business is certainly what they've been doing. The other piece of it is that service orders continue to outpace equipment growth, certainly again in Q4, too. And that there's both service penetration and it's share-of-wallet strategies for our CTS business. We believe that from what we're seeing here, there is certainly a balanced view toward what could happen. I mean, clearly, if there is some certainty around China-U.S. tariffs, we think certainty, no matter what the outcome of that could be, is probably going to lock a little bit of growth there. So I think it's a balanced view at this point in time, but I think we planned for a lower fixed cost base, restructuring through a higher service mix. And they've -- and that business has been prolific around investing back into the business. I want to say it was a full 50 basis points going back into Industrial, and I think that, that is always a sign of healthy business investing. In a downturn, you can take share. And we want to make sure if that happens, we're taking share in a downturn, too. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. It can be, Josh. Not particularly in this case, right? I don't think this one's going to be something that spikes out materially anything with leverage or incrementals. So the margins on those projects are not bad. As we've talked in the past, you've got to look at the contribution margin to the entire business. Usually, those projects have everything, from an SG&A perspective, loaded into the contract as well. It's very little between contribution margin and operating income there left to look at. So I feel positive on that. Again, they're hard to forecast. We don't put them into base plans. And when we think we've got something that's got a high probability of closing, we might start to talk about it. And certainly when they're the magnitude of what we've booked, we'll have to spike those out so we get everything straight from a comp perspective. So I hope that answers your question. 
Michael Lamach: There's a lot of metrics to look at there, Andrew. I mean, certainly, you all can look at ABI, GDP growth, non-resi fixed construction, all those look good. We've got the benefit of looking at... 
Michael Lamach: Yes. We do as well, and you guys certainly can look at that. The most important thing we can track, though, is we've put a lot of investment into the systems we use in the front end of the commercial process. And so the ability for us to understand pipelines better really supports strong institutional growth going forward, and I could just tell you the number of and size of projects from the institutional perspective are very healthy. And this goes back to the question around 2019 in Climate, what confidence do you have. Or maybe even to the larger Ingersoll-Rand question, what kind of confidence do you have in the guidance you put out. And I've got a high degree of confidence on what we put out today on all of that. But I would say at the heart of that is because I feel very strongly about what's happening globally around HVAC compliance and certainly greenhouse gas emission visibility, around institutional growth in North America and around the visibility we have in the TK business. Those are all very strong indicators that I look back over 10 years of doing this, and I probably haven't had at least the visibility I've got now into the backlog. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, sure. Andrew, when you go back and you look at some -- sort of the pie charts that the business produces, one we do at Investor Day, and it shows the end markets that we serve, you run out of colors and slivers on the pie chart. So automotive is a piece, but it's probably not more than 2% or 3% of what we do. Electronics is a piece. It's not 2% or 3% of what we do and pharma and food and beverage and so on and so forth. So automotive per se is not critical, but it is indicative of a broader slowdown at times. It's indicative of the spending in the economy. So we watch automotive. And we see -- when we see automotive slow down, it could be a leading indicator for us, for sure. 
Michael Lamach: Industrial markets that remain strong would be food and beverage. Pharma would be -- anything oil-free would certainly be strong for us. And then some of the weak to moderate markets are still going to be larger compressors where customers might be waiting on capacity to understand what's happening with trade. 
Susan Carter: Yes. So if you think about, Steve, your question on investments in the fourth quarter and going into 2019, so the investments in the fourth quarter were as we had planned them throughout 2018, and they're primarily investments in operational excellence and new product development and some of the footprint optimization that we were doing. And those actually do carry over, and we continue to invest in the business as part of our capital allocation strategy in 2019. So nothing terribly unusual or unexpected as you think about either the fourth quarter of 2018 or where we're going in 2019. It's that overall strategy of really providing for projects that make us operationally better, increase productivity and allow us to manage the business. 
Susan Carter: Yes. Julian, it should be a good story for us in 2019. We really do expect to have greater than 100% of net income and free cash flow. And so as you take apart those pieces, let's talk about CapEx for a second with the approximately $300 million guide for 2019. That is lower than 2018. That was $366 million, and there's a couple of components to that. We made a couple of decisions on projects in 2018. We had some carryover where we had a warehouse facility where we were doing a warehouse consolidation, absolutely a good project. We made a decision to lease versus buy. So long story... 
Susan Carter: All right. Owned versus -- sorry, sorry, Mike. The -- so as you think about the CapEx, it sort of normalizes back into our more 1% to 2% of revenues range in 2019. So that's helpful. As you think about working capital, working capital isn't going to change from an overall strategy viewpoint, which is that you're always going to be looking to balance out your customer terms and your supplier terms. So DSO and DPO, always looking to balance those out. And on inventory, you're looking to make sure that you have enough product to meet the demand that we have, which has, of course, been quite strong, and at the same time, meet your on-time customer delivery. What I would expect to see in the free cash flow guide in 2019 is that as we move through 2019 that the working capital as a percentage of revenue is also going to normalize back more into our 3% to 4% range of the long-term guide. So we're moving back into more of the longer-term metrics in the 2019 statistics, and that's what gives us the additional bump in free cash flow for next year. 
Susan Carter: Yes. If I think about, Joe, and I go back a little bit with the working capital as a percentage of revenue, where we would have called that at year-end would have been probably 3.4%, 3.5%, somewhere right in the middle of our 3% to 4% range. And it ended up at 4.3%. So you actually do get, to your point, about a full point of that coming out of there. And again, it is a process where it is not just making a decision of whether you're going to have inventory there or not. I mean, there's a series of levers that happen. As you see the demand forecast, as you plan what's going to happen in the factories and you plan how you're going to actually efficiently manage those factories going through time to meet the on-time customer delivery. So your point is the right one. The inventory will probably come down over time, and everything else remains balanced. But it does go back into that 3% to 4% of revenue range, which is what gives you the uplift. 
Susan Carter: So, John, the way I would think about it is the bigger pieces of the restructuring that we've been talking about in the footprint optimization arena between 2017, 2018 and what we're projecting into 2019 is sort of in the range of the 5 to 7 factories and those less than 5-year paybacks over time. So you're going to continue to build. We started that process in 2017, and so you're going to build savings as you go through each of the years going out into -- there will be savings, obviously, in 2019, but there will be increasing savings in 2020, 2021 from these projects. And again, it is really about optimizing the footprint, building capacity and building a better Ingersoll-Rand in the catching locations that's there. But it does provide a good return, and it does have a great payback. 
Susan Carter: And I think, Mike, you made the point earlier and part of the discussions is that we're not looking at these opportunities as a way to get ahead of an economic environment. We're actually looking at these opportunities to actually operate really well regardless of the economic environment. And so the fact that you can get a great return off of that, in addition to making the company stronger, is terrific. 
