Chris Kuehn: Hey Julian, it's Chris. I'll start and then Dave may jump in. As you know, we don't guide specifically to margins or revenue growth by segment. We are anticipating in the second half, high teens organic leverage, really mid-teens all in, when you factor in M&A and FX for where we see it today. Underlying leverage across the businesses is strong. What we're factoring into the second half is additional price to cover material inflation, which is driving down those decrementals by approximately 9 points versus our previous guide of 30% organic leverage for the second half of the year. That, plus the supply chain constraints that Dave talked about earlier, are really factoring in why we think it's high teens organic leverage across the second half of the year. And really, when you think about supply chain and price, it's really impacting all of our segments. When I think about the Americas, EMEA and Asia, we're all being impacted by similar concerns around raw material inflation, around supply chain constraints, they're happening in all the regions.
Chris Kuehn: Julian, I think the latter end of your point there, there's just a lot of moving parts at this point for us to call 2022. As we talked about in our December Investor Day, we're really looking towards 25% organic operating leverage on an annual basis. We still think, we've got the demand and the internal structure and cost takeout transformation actions to support that. But as we get closer to 2022, we have a much better view of that inflation environment, supply chain environment as it exists and call it as we get closer to the year.
Chris Kuehn: Dave, what I would add is from a second half perspective of 2020, the residential was a very strong performance, coming out of lockdowns. I think we saw mid to high teens growth in the second half of last year in residential. So either way, it will be tough comps into the second half of 2021. And to Dave's point, the supply chain matters are really endemic to the industry, but we're working with customers. We're meeting demand with customers today, and we're continuing to do that, and we expect to do that through Q3 and Q4.
Chris Kuehn: Steve, I'll go. This is Chris. In Q2, I'll start there. Price cost was positive, and we were positive in the first quarter or positive in the second quarter. But in the second quarter, we saw direct material inflation, roughly 4 times the size in Q2 as we did in Q1. So it was really starting to ramp up, and that continues to ramp into the second half of the year. With the guide in the second half now, where we added $150 million of price to offset $150 million of inflation, it's about 2 points of price in the second half of the year to cover inflation. That $150 million, it's a little bit more than what we had in the original guidance for the second half of the year. So I won't size it exactly, but it's a record, certainly for us, in the last 10 years in terms of inflation. What we do see different around this cycle is where we've been on par or ahead of pricing to cover material inflation. I think about 2017, 2018, that last inflationary cycle, it took us many quarters, five, six quarters to catch up on price cost. This time, we're positive Q1, we're positive Q2. We expect that to be flattish in the second half of the year, just given trying to keep up with inflation. That $150 million is really an increase just from when we last talked in May. So it still remains volatile here. So, hopefully, that gives you a little bit additional color.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. I don't think I'd describe an actual dollar cost number. I think, I would say, for the full year, we expect to be flattish on price cost. It could be a little bit favorable, depending on where things fall out. But I think it's very volatile to call the year. Second half of the year, we've got from a commodity perspective, roughly 70% locked with copper, actually 60% locked now with aluminum. That's a step-up for us with some recent hedging that we've done in that space. So I think we still have a little bit of exposure on commodities for the second half of the year. So I hate to try to peg it to any one number, just given the volatility we've seen, but it's significant.
Chris Kuehn: Dave, I'd add. I think that team over the last several years has also really struck a great balance with revenue growth and margin expansion, just looking at both sides of that equation and really the margins in the backlog continue to hold up well. So, I think from the quarter perspective, it's really a law of small numbers, but the discipline they have on both revenue growth and margin expansion has really been outstanding.
David Regnery: Yes, Julian, this is Dave. Thanks for the question. Yes, as Chris said at the end, we're really seeing this across the globe. Supply chain constraints are real. They're not unique to Trane Technologies. I think the entire industry his seeing these and the material inflation, I've never seen it like this before, and I've been in this industry for a long time. but it's really -- it's accelerating certainly in the – at the end of the first quarter to the second quarter, and that's why we've taken out our third price increase of the year.
David Regnery: Yes, Jeff, this is Dave. I won't give you too much specifics there, but our pipeline is very robust, okay, with M&A. And by the way, we've had a great track record with the M&A that we've been able to deploy or actually acquired in the last several years, whether it be on the channel side or on the technology side. So our M&A pipeline is robust and we're hopeful, we can execute on some of that.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean the good news, Jeff, is the order demand really across the globe has been extremely strong, not only in the second quarter but also in the first quarter. And we have stressed our supply chain. I don't think this is unique to Trane Technologies. I think the all industrials are facing this. But yes, we have some challenges in the supply chain. Our team is doing a great job of managing it. They're helping our suppliers ramp up. But we anticipate that through the third quarter, this challenge will continue. We see it getting a little better in the fourth quarter as some of our key suppliers are able to ramp up. And by the way, in the industry, a lot of competitors use the same supplier. So this is not unique to Trane Technologies. But again, it is constraining us a bit, it's causing some inefficiencies. Team is doing a fantastic job of getting components to the factory. Unfortunately, they're just not showing up exactly when we need them. So we're constantly having to reschedule lines and rebalance output to meet our customers' demand and expectation. Again, it will be challenging through the third quarter. We see again a little bit better in the fourth quarter.
David Regnery: Sure. I'll then give you a little more color around Residential in total. First of all, we're seeing very, very strong demand in Residential. Bookings in the quarter were up 37%. Year-to-date, our bookings are up over 40%. So really, really strong demand. Sell-through through our independent wholesaler distributors was up in the high 20s, very close to 30%. So that's good news. That's really how they're serving their dealers. Sell-in to the channel was less. It was up in the mid- to high teens. Revenue in the second quarter for us was at record levels. So revenue was record levels. And backlog was also at record levels. We typically measure backlog in this business in weeks. We're now talking about backlog close to two months. So again, very strong demand that we're seeing in this space. Everyone in the industry is seeing eye-popping numbers in Residential. And it's kind of an odd time. I've been in this industry a long time and everything you make right now is sold. So, the more you make, the more you're going to sell. Demand is so strong that it has outpaced the capabilities of our supply chain as I mentioned earlier. So, we're in the process of helping our suppliers ramp up and again, we see challenges continued through the third quarter, I think we see the supply chain a lot stronger in the fourth quarter. So, I think our incremental growth rates in the third quarter will be less than what we're going to see in the fourth quarter. And again, the supply chain constraint is not unique to Trane Technologies and we believe that, hopefully, in the fourth quarter, this will start to work through. The other point I would add is that in the resi space, we typically think about production like you have peaks and -- peak times and you have trough times, we see peak time continuing for an extended period of time. And we see us running at peak rates at all of our factories for a continued period of time. The other thing I would mention there is -- and I know there's probably some questions out there about share in residential, I would tell you that over the last six years, we've gained share in our residential business. I would -- you're going to have some disconnects at least in the short-term here with how many order share for shipping share. But over time, when backlogs deplete themselves to get back to a normal level, we see that evening out and we see ourselves gaining share in the future.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean if you look at across the verticals in our commercial HVAC business in the Americas, I don't think there's a time that I've seen where every vertical had growth and we play in all verticals. So, the strength is widespread, which is a good thing. Obviously, on a macro level, you have ABI, which has been very strong since February. So, that's going to be a strong tailwind. Look at that six months out. But we're seeing strength everywhere. And indoor air quality is certain part of it. Office strength coming back, which is nice. A lot of strength in the education vertical right now, we're starting to see stimulus funds be used for upgrading the infrastructure of our schools. It's really a broad based. The more energy-efficient your product is and the greater your innovations are, you're really able to capture a lot of these opportunities.
David Regnery: Yes. First of all, the supply inconsistencies is really throughout our entire business on a global basis. I think it started, Nigel, really with the freak storm that hit the southeast and knocked out all the resin supply and the knock-on effects that, that continues to have through the supply chain, whether it be wire harnesses or you have and it certainly has an impact on electronics. And as our products have gotten smarter through the years, electronics is everywhere. And it's not just the controller for the unit. We're seeing in fans, motors, compressors, they all are interconnected within the system. They all use electronics to connect. So it's very broad-based. I mean, I think our team is doing just a fabulous job working 24/7 to mitigate this, but it's a little bit of a whack-a-mole, where you see one supplier fixed, the next one goes -- has a little bit of problems. And what we're doing though is, we're working with our strategic suppliers as partners here, and we'll actually have teams help them with their ramp-up. And that's why I said, we have some visibility, we know Q3 is going to be -- continue to be challenged. We see the fourth quarter, some of our ramp-up plans with our suppliers getting better. So, we think the fourth quarter will be a bit better than the third quarter.
David Regnery: Yes. At the end of the day, I mean, our M&A pipeline is very robust right now. We're using the same model that we've always used, okay? So, we're going to make sure that it clears our hurdles. We're not going to buy for the sake of buying it. There are -- there is some value out there. We've certainly seen that in some of our channel acquisitions, and we certainly have seen it in some of our technology acquisitions. So stay tuned and our pipeline is robust.
David Regnery: Yeah. We're seeing -- certainly saw strength in the second quarter in both education and healthcare, very strong verticals for us, and we're seeing nice activity there. Our pipeline going forward remains very robust. Our pipeline is defined as orders that aren't yet closed that were we're talking to customers about. So we have a great value proposition in both of those verticals. So we see strength there for -- into the future.
David Regnery: Yeah. We do see it as a 1% to 2% tailwind for our business into the future. That said, this year we'll be closer to 2%. We are seeing day two activity in the education vertical as we provided roadmaps to our customers, how they could upgrade their infrastructure and obviously, now with stimulus funding becoming available, some of that is happening. So that's good news. The other thing we're seeing is we're seeing a lot of demand in the office space for audits, is the indoor air quality audits as people are thinking about how they're going to get their employees back to the office. So that's upticked nicely. And we're going to go through the same exact process we did with the education vertical and the office vertical. So we see that coming back as well. The other thing I would tell you, Andy, is it's getting more and more difficult to say what is indoor air quality versus what is just part of an applied system. So it's very similar to maybe like controls, where it's -- if you tell me the controls number, I'm not sure what you're referring to. It's getting to be that on the indoor air quality as these solutions to have better indoor air quality are being embedded in our applied systems.
David Regnery: Yeah. I wouldn't be concerned at all about the low order intake in Q2. I mean if you go back to Q1, we had unbelievable bookings growth. So -- and it's really just customers placing orders for the full year. So we're not concerned about the order intake in our Thermo King business at all. That said, we are seeing some constraints on the trailer OEMs, okay? And every trailer that they don't manufacture, we see that volume pushing into 2022. Obviously, you're not going to sell a trailer reefer unit if you don't have a box to put it on. If you look at 2022, at least in the Americas, if you look at the ACT Report, they now have the trailer market at 51.1%, which is 17% above what they have 2021 -- I'm sorry, for 2022, they have it at 51.1%. So it's 17% above 2021. So it's going to be robust. If you go out to 2023, they're forecasting now, at least the trailer market, to be in the mid-40,000 range, which, by the way, is where the industry has been in North America for really nine of the last 10 years, if you exclude 2020. So we see, certainly, 2022 will be a strong year. I think it's a little early to call the exact percentage there, but it will be a strong year for our Thermo King business.
David Regnery: The operating system that we have in place today, Steve, versus what we had in 2016, 2017, I mean, we're able to really hone in what we need to do in pricing real time almost. And remember, most applied jobs are -- there's not a price list for an applied job.
David Regnery: Yes. Our unitary business was up well over 30% on an incoming order rate basis. So we're very strong in unitary.
David Regnery: No, revenue, a little bit of back -- actually, it's pretty close in revenue, too, but a bit -- a little bit less than that.
David Regnery: Yes. We're not -- obviously, with the incoming order rates, we're seeing very strong demand, John. So we're not seeing delays there. But what we are seeing is we are seeing delays in job sites being ready to receive equipment. So we have seen that. It started to pick up in the second quarter. I think the construction industry is certainly struggling getting skilled labor. And we have seen several job sites push out, which is causing our backlog again to be very strong in our commercial space. Obviously, we're not going to ship a product to a job site if the customer is not ready to receive it, not on the incoming side, but certainly on the outgoing side, we've seen some delays.
David Regnery: Sure, John. I mean, a little color on Europe, okay? Order rates up 53%. Revenue up close to 30%. I think it was up 28%. And we saw substantial strength in both businesses, both our Commercial HVAC and our Thermo King business, and it's really led by innovation. And if you look at our Commercial HVAC business, we're seeing high demand for our variable water flow systems, which is really the electrification of heating. We're also seeing high demand for industrial process cooling as we've been able to expand the operating maps of our products so we can now work in the industrial cooling space. So again, it's really led by innovation. If I go to our Thermo King business, I would tell you that the Advancer product that we introduced 1.5 years ago, I mean we're just -- it is exceeding customers' expectations. I had a customer that I talked into ordering some Advancer units early on. And I told them about the expectations they should have for this product. The customer literally emailed me about a week ago and said you were wrong in your expectations. And I was concerned that I read out in the e-mail and have said, you actually exceeded what you told me you were going to do from an energy efficiency standpoint for the Advancer product and I want to order more. So, the Advancer is really just -- it's a step function change in the trailer reefers space in Europe, and we couldn't be happier for -- I couldn't be happier for that team and I'm so proud of that team, what they've been able to accomplish. So, it's a great story for us in Europe and we expect continued success in the future.
David Regnery: Yes, I think our Asia business continues to execute well. In the quarter, I think our incoming order rate was in the low teens, which is nice growth. We're continuing to see margin expansion, is another great story. Chris talked about that earlier. We had, I think, it's 270 basis points of margin. If you look at it on a two-year stack, if you go back four years from when we made the significant investment we did in our sales force, it's up over 500 basis points. So, we're very happy with our performance, what's happening right now in Asia. If your question is really around China, we see what the government is doing there as a tailwind for our business. You think about what they're doing in the carbon trade market, I think they launched that in July. Again, that's -- we're all about decarbonizing the built environment, and we have the portfolio of products to do that. So, -- and again, if you look out further with their goals to be carbon neutral by 2060, we have -- we're going to play a big part in helping the government there achieve those targets. So, there's a big built environment there. There's a lot of product to replace and we have a great portfolio to help with the mission to decarbonize China specifically, but really the whole world.
David Regnery: Yes. And Chris brings up a good point there. The discipline around the order side as we get closer to the customer and we can explain our value proposition, it's a great story there. The whole build-out of the direct sales force becoming basis of design, we're very happy with our results in Asia right now.
