Michael Lamach: Thanks, Janet. Good morning and thanks for joining us on today's call. Today we'll cover 3 broad areas. I'll spend a few minutes this morning recapping our full year 2013 and our progress on the transformation that we've been working on in the company for the past few years. And Sue will take you through the fourth quarter results. And I will end with our outlook for 2014 before we open it up for your questions. So let's start with full year 2013. To say 2013 was an action-packed year would be a huge understatement. We put in a terrific management team and board for Allegion and completed the spinoff exactly on schedule, on December 1, less than 12 months from the announcement. We reorganized the company into our 2 current segments: Climate and Industrial. We took aggressive actions to completely offset the costs stranded as a result of the spin. And we accomplished all of this while delivering on our growth profit and cash flow commitments for the year. Our revenues for the year were up 3%, with growth in all major geographic regions. Adjusted earnings per share were $2.67. You may recall that our updated guidance -- updated guidance reflects the spin, which we gave at Investor Day in November, that was in the range of $2.55 to $2.60. So we came at about $0.09 over the midpoint of that range. Volume was roughly 100 million better than the midpoint, which translates to about $0.05 of positive earnings impact. The tax rate was lower than forecast, resulting in $0.12 of tailwind. Corporate expenses were higher than forecast, mainly driven by benefit costs and IT investments for about $0.06 negative impact to earnings.  We said when we gave the guidance that things might move around a little as we finalized all the carve-out accounting of Allegion. In the end, we had about $0.02 of headwind from the final pension carve-outs for Allegion plus the $0.09 to get us to $2.57. We grew adjusted operating margins 40 basis points. This marks 3 years of a positive gap between pricing and direct material inflation. Our Lean focus again showed significant results in the implemented value streams and we continue to invest in the future of the business, funding significant new product development, investing into new IT platform and building our services footprint. We generated $862 million of cash flow on a post-spin basis.  Our capital allocation strategy has been consistent and shareholder focused. We continue to increase our dividend with the announcement of an additional 19% increase last week. This increase is consistent with the roadmap we laid out several years ago to get our payout ratio to peer levels by 2014. We repurchased $1.2 billion of stock in 2013 and expect to complete our current $2 billion authorization in the next couple of months. We announced a new $1.5 billion program last week, which we expect to commence in the second quarter. Let's go to Slide 4. We have delivered steady improvements in operating margins, while investing in new products, expanding our services footprint and our upgrading our IT systems. We have restated our results back to 2011 to reflect the spin of Allegion. The data on this chart is on a comparable basis. At the segment level, operating margins are up 150 basis points over the last 2 years. Corporate expenses have been higher, mainly due to the IT investment benefit costs, resulting in overall margins up 90 basis points since 2011. Now Sue will walk you through the fourth quarter and I'll come back to take you through our 2014 outlook. 
Michael Lamach: You asked a question about mix, Steve, too. I would probably add in the TK business, although units are probably forecasted to be flat in the industry, you've got the benefit of the new product, which is more expensive, the car-compliant product now launched in the marketplace. So we should see some mid-single-digit sort of revenue increase on flat volumes there. The mix there is positive. Sue mentioned sort of the commercial mix. Unitary or applied, we're fairly agnostic in terms of the margins there. The only thing about the institutional markets is they're more HVAC intensive by square foot. So we tend to see on a square foot basis larger sales going into applied markets than unitary markets. And on resi side, I think you hit it on the head. We'll see nice margin expansion there for sure. But our focus has been on repositioning the product portfolio, the dealer base. Go forward reality of a market mix, that would be 80% 13, 14 SEER and an R-22 step-down of maybe 5% to 10% of the mix in 2014. So hope that covers everything there for you. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, for sure, it's more conservative. I think an ISM data, which I think is a reality, actually I think it's a fairly accurate predictor for us. But compressor, air compressor systems and services, Julian, has been a great story. There has been share gain. It's been in the areas that we've been targeting. There's no issues there. As you get into the smaller businesses, tool, fluid and materials, tool in particular, our emphasis in the tool business is not in the motor vehicle industry. So we're seeing strong growth there. It's not sort of where we've played historically in that particular segment. Fluid actually is doing just fine relative to the peer comparables there. And material handling has been up historically. In the last couple of years, they're very heavy in oil and gas. And depending on what you think of the outlook there, which we think will be a little softer than it was last in the couple of years, that will be a little bit of pressure in the materials management area business for us. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, maybe a little bit more color around what we saw demand-wise in the fourth quarter and how I think that rolls into 2014. So I mentioned the Trane, future revenues were up high-single in the quarter. We had high single-digit increases in the Americas. We actually had very strong growth in Asia, up over 35%. So our Unitary Asia business, which is actually now a fairly substantial business for us, it's about a quarter of the size of the North American business. It's really picking up. So we're seeing good, good growth in Unitary across-the-board. Applied equipment revenues were also up high-single digits in the quarter and that was across all geographic regions. We were double-digit plus in Europe, Middle East, Latin America and Asia and low-single digits in North America. So we think that we're really bottoming, on the institutional side, I think our forecast would not have a pronounced recovery in 2014 but clearly, it's bottoming and we would expect these numbers to improve as we gave that 3-year guidance to you a couple of months ago, where 2015 and 2016 were stronger growth years than 2014. It's pretty much fueled by that institutional pickup that we would see in '15 and '16. So I think studying improving, slow institutional growth. Still very nice commercial and industrial unitary growth, particularly in North America in the markets that I mentioned. We capitalized there to make sure improvements on the new products launched in the Unitary space. So it's fairly optimistic, I would say, what we're seeing for Unitary and applied on a go-forward basis. 
Michael Lamach: Actually, Nigel, it's very interesting. We've been talking now for at least 2 years around keeping on better cycle times, certainly from book to ship, but even broader than book to ship across some of the portfolio. And we really have now historically low cycle times, which is a wonderful thing. We've got very low weeks [ph] on supply on hand from a dealer perspective and we had historically high fill rates. So I feel that we're matching pretty closely as to what you're going to see with actual sell-through, as opposed to sort of the spiking and filling of the dealer. We're really trying to compete on that cycle speed and fill rate dimension. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, so Nigel, I just want to add before Sue goes on there that, that's really an amazing story. They had sort of let you break a particular district of Shanghai. And they actually had an inch of water a minute for the first 30 minutes, 30 inches, in that first 30 minutes. So it's quite unbelievably quick sort of damage the facility and plant. They actually moved all that plant production within 5 days to a plant up the road. To this point, we were able to stop the bleeding. But really, the damage was on the material, mechanical, electrical equipment line, all of the finished goods. And then pump the plant out being able to rebuild the plant about a 6-week period. But we got it all done in the quarter. It was just really heroic effort, I think, by our team in China to react to it and get us back to business in a roughly short period of time. 
Michael Lamach: And to be clear, we have line of sight $0.02 in the quarter, which is a continuation and finalization of the work started in the fourth quarter around restructuring. But the balance, the $0.08, is really a placeholder there. We don't have sort of anything specific teed up, but we've got the flexibility in the guidance we've given you should the need arise that we're able to take advantage of the remaining $0.08. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the container actually tripled for us really in the quarter. We have record ever -- record shipments in November, December around container. So the notion of being lumpy is absolutely the case. And it's been a market that very, very difficult for us to forecast. It doesn't really follow any standards. You've got a couple of large players in the marketplace as customers that buy 1,000, 2,000 3,000 containers at an order. So very difficult for us to forecast that. But on the other trailer truck market, it's sort of the mid-single-digit across-the-board, where volumes are low like in North America, meaning flat to prior year. We will see the benefit, as I mentioned, of the revenue of the new product. And then Europe, we think it will be up mid-single digits. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Deane, I think, first of all, it's good for the industry and it's good for OEMs across the board. I wouldn't want to speculate on how each OEM would deal with the regulation -- loopholes in the regulation. I think that all OEMs need to work where demand is occurring. And so to the extent that it's going to be deployed on a regional basis, we're going to be right there selling into that demand with the repositioned dealer base and obviously, a lot of new products that you some of at the show. 
Michael Lamach: Well, it's actually a business that's been rapidly growing. It passed breakeven this year. It's about the third year that we've had it out there. #1 position in new construction, actually, as it relates to control systems being put into the home that can do more than control the HVAC system. It uses a [indiscernible] protocol, so it's got a couple of hundred plus partners that can work with it. So it's exciting, it's something that we can think we can build out from and we chose on an open protocol in an agnostic point of view about what connects to it really. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Jeff, the investments have really worked for us, too, historically. When we go back through that, we've had both product and services investments and we've had some share gain and margin expansion in those areas. So it's consistent. It's a pretty big lift for us this year in the applied business. As we get ready to launch some new applied platform for us in 2015. That's the big year for that. And also, as we took the old sector structure and move into the business unit structures, particularly on the smaller businesses, where we put great talent sort of added it into the business, we've looked at more stand-alone investments in those business units that we historically would have done. And those are very high-margin businesses for us, so I think there's some optimism around being able to drive growth beyond 2014. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, sort of the R&D rate of the engineering investment rate largely remains the same on a percentage basis. And my estimate would be is that although becoming more productive with the operating facility we put in place around it, that there's also more opportunities to launch new products and services. And so it's probably fairly consistent over time. The only thing that actually would change for us is we're probably around the corner on the IT and infrastructure investment, probably 2015. In fact, we're launching phase 2 last week and this week of our IT infrastructure program. So that'll start rounding the corner in 2013. We should see lots of investment there. And of course, by 2018, we'll start to see most of the capitalization of that program come off all together. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, there's slight differences in the markets we're serving versus what the ISM data would point to. In the air business, I think there's no concerns or worries there around share loss and margin expansion. I think on the materials management side, it begins to expose the focus on oil and gas there. On the fluids side, I think we're right sort of where the market is. And then as I mentioned, on the tools business, our focus has not been on the motor vehicle industry and that's really the growth has been there. So we're not competing there. And I think that, that will be relatively flat 2014 for tools business. So if you net it all together, flat to -- it feels about right. 
Michael Lamach: X Allegion, it was actually a little above 40%. That went well because we were further penetrated outside Allegion. And we'll be around 60% at the end of this year. So that continues to go very well. And the separation, the gap between that 40-plus percent and the non-value stream is still very significant. So we'll continue to invest there and that's partly what drives the incremental margins across-the-board. So even -- Sue mentioned, with the flat Industrial business, we hope to have better than flat operating margin there. And again, that would be part of what we're with happened with the Lean work. On the Climate side, the whole sort of 40 to 80-basis-point improvement there, that has significant investments going into the business in 2014. Again, it's driven largely by all that Lean work going on. 
Michael Lamach: The investments, Eli, there, for now I would assume that as a percentage of revenue. We're going to continue on the same pace. The only thing I mentioned was the SMART sort of begins to fall off in 2015. But I can't tell you that we've got our 2015 development budget set or we can't officially tell you how much less it'll be, probably a little bit less because of the SMART investment but probably not on the product and service footprint. 
Michael Lamach: Well, Joe reminded me that you've might not remember what SMART is. We keep using the internal acronym. SMART is the IT infrastructure investments we're making, so we're on Phase 2 of SMART. My apologies for using an acronym that you may not be familiar with. 
Susan Carter: No, what we'll do is we'll break it out, Steve, in our commentary so that you can see it. We're just going to report on a GAAP basis. 
Susan Carter: So are you thinking more about 2014 in total for the Climate business? So let me talk about the full year on the Climate side. So as you talked about with the increasing margins and what happened, we still believe that price is going to offset any direct material inflation. We also believe that productivity is going to offset the inflation that's going on. We do think that there will be some investments in the business and that's what we've projected. But I think the year-over-year bridge looks pretty similar to what we've talked about. When we look at the operating income percentages, we expect a 40 to 80% -- 80 basis points improvement in the Climate business and so that's kind of the bridge on Climate. 
Susan Carter: So let's think about the productivity first. I mean, in the comments that we made, Andrew, we talked about that the productivity itself in the quarter was pretty standard for Q4 and what was happening was some inflation in the other costs, which we also talked about and we broke out. What I would think about is as we look forward on productivity and where we're going is in 2014 the guidance reflects sort of an operating leverage of 35%, with the segments being about 25% and another 10 points added by reductions in unallocated corporate costs. So as you think about where we are and where we're going, we're saying that there is improvement embedded in our 2014 guidance that gets us back to more of a normalized level. 
Susan Carter: Well, I think in Q1, what you'll see is that the leverage will be lighter than the back half of the year as we continue to get cost out and we continue to move forward. But again, I think overall, 35% for the full year but, again, slightly lighter in the first quarter. 
Susan Carter: So on the China flood, you're right, it's just slightly less than $6 million. And that's a fourth quarter charge so we don't expect to see any of that trickling over into 2014. 
Susan Carter: And then the other question you had was on pricing. So we expect the pricing environment to be fairly modest in 2014, about 50 basis points or so of the price. We expect to be able to more than offset the material inflation with the -- but the positive GAAP that we see looks more like the end of 2013 sort of in the 10 to 20 basis points range. And then as we think about materials and all of that in 2014, there may be some noise around steel in the back half. But we're watching that and we also have looked at copper and aluminum positions. And we think that we've got that covered in the words that I just said around pricing offsetting the direct material inflation. 
Susan Carter: So the restructuring that we did in 2013, so there were restructuring actions that were in every segment as well as corporate. We actually spent $44 million in the fourth quarter and $83 million in the full year, with the majority of that being on the G&A side. And where those charges or where the benefits of the restructuring will appear is where the actual charges were incurred. So it's going to incur in the segments as well as in corporate. It just so happens that you see a big piece of the stranded costs being on the corporate side and coming out on a year-over-year basis. But there will also be benefits that are in place for both the segments also. 
Susan Carter: So Steve, the way that we've looked at 2014 is that the unallocated corporate costs will be in the range of $200 million. So we talked in the past about sort of $195 million-ish to $200 million and that's where we expect to be in 2014. So that's down pretty significantly from 2013, which we've talk about $40 million of stranded costs, which we said have come out. And in addition to that, we've taken another $20 million or so in costs that we're planning to come out in 2014, then confronting such as indirect costs, paying attention to consulting any kind of indirect costs that are associated with the business. 
Susan Carter: So as we think about the leverage and what we've guided for 2014, the investments, you're correct, would be held within the segments and are part of that overall 25% coming out of the operations. And as we look at 2014, we are coming off of the restructuring where we're building, we took out the stranded costs and we're continually looking at all of the businesses. But when we look at the components, when we look at what we talked about earlier with pricing versus direct material inflation, when we look at the productivity that has been planned in the businesses and what the inflation rates are and the restructuring that we've done, where we come out is the total of 35% for the business. And again, as we said earlier, that's sort of ramps -- the first quarter is a little lighter than the other quarters, but it ramps in the other part of the year. So you get a big benefit on the corporate and the stranded costs also. 
Susan Carter: Okay. So let's talk about the tax rate with our guidance for 2014 at about 25%. As you think about where we're at, so that's a big step up from the 2013 levels and where we're going, but it's largely due to the discrete items that occurred actually both in '12 and '13. So what I would say is that the normalized tax rate that I would use for the company without all of the discrete is in the mid-20s range. And so I think that is -- I think that's not only the 2014 rate but that's sort of the normal for going forward, if you were looking at '15 and beyond. 
