Michael Lamach: Great. Thank you, Joe. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. In the first quarter, our adjusted earnings per share was $0.38, an increase of 31% versus last year's quarter. We closed 2 acquisitions in the quarter. The acquisition of the Cameron centrifugal compressor division closed on January 1, so results were included for the entire quarter. We also closed the acquisition of FRIGOBLOCK in early March, so that had a very minimal impact in the quarter given that less than 1 month of results were reported. Both integrations are going very well. Cameron compressor achieved our forecast for bookings, revenue and operating income. We are seeing some early traction on cross-selling and synergies, and we expect continued progress for the balance of 2015. Currency had a significant impact throughout the results. So in our comments today, we will mainly focus on organic growth, which excludes currency and acquisitions, so that you can get a better view of end market trends. In the first quarter, we saw solid organic revenue growth of 8%, led by strength in the U.S. and Europe, particularly in the Climate segment. Order rates remain healthy in the first quarter at 5%, excluding currency and acquisitions. Adjusted operating margins increased 40 basis points, and increased to 100 basis points excluding the impact of currency, and bringing Cameron results into our financial statements for the first time. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was $0.07 above our adjusted EPS guidance midpoint of $0.31. The improvement primarily came from higher-than-expected volume, mainly in North America, and good cost control and execution to our plan. Foreign exchange translation negatively impacted the quarter by about $0.01 compared with guidance, however, this was more than offset by FX gains recorded in other income. Now Sue will walk you through the first quarter in more detail, and then I'll come back to take you through our outlook. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Nigel. We had positive price in the quarter. We had a little bit of carryover material inflation just due to some of the assemblies that we're working on. But essentially, the price would come into the Asian market, particularly China, a bit into Latin America, which really in the last quarter or 2, those markets have struggled, and we've got some local competitors, I think, with some capacity to utilize. So that's been a bit more pressure there. We also had a bit of a rebate timing from Q4 to Q1, and if you sort of add that back to Q1 and normalize it, we were pretty close to being flat, which it is 20 basis points less than what we had hoped for, but it was fairly flat. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, we're challenging ourselves to do that. That's -- it's probably one of the challenge points in the forecast. But our plans, the road maps we're building, the countermeasures that we've got to realize price would have us doing about 20, 30 bps of price and material inflation gap. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I mean, the optimism in the quarter was the strong growth, but as you pointed out, it's seasonally such an insignificant quarter to the full year for us that we typically go back and fine tune in July, and we'll do that again this year. But your question and Nigel's earlier question, where we might see potentially some upside to volume, mix was not particularly favorable in the quarter for us. Currency is still quite a bit of headwind if you look at the euro at $1.08 and currencies where they are today, it's about $0.11 of headwind. We offset about $0.07 in the first quarter, but we've got more room to work for the balance of the year. And then, again, the pricing question, we've got a more aggressive view around pricing for the balance of the year. So you net it all out, I think it nets out to a balanced view on guidance. But specifically, on your question, if we were to see stronger markets by July, we would probably make a little higher call there at that point in time. 
Michael Lamach: Club Car did a great job, too, doing what we expected against a very easy comp from last year, but Club Car did a nice job in the quarter. 
Michael Lamach: Deane, on where we sit with 13 SEER, just for competitive reasons, we're not going to talk much about that. We really don't want to discuss our position at this point in time. The main thing we're trying to do is -- we saw across the business a lot of order volatility starting last summer. And I commented on that in the third and fourth quarter. And frankly, that volatility was broader than even the min-max requirements we would have for stocking key components. And so rather than trying to guess the volatility of the markets, we've expanded those min-maxes for key material, for components and assemblies, particularly in high margin businesses where cycle times were very short and there was some discretionary opportunities with customers that wanted to buy what was on hand. And so we took that up, and I think that's an important point because we're looking at fulfillment rate and cycle times we balance with inventory levels, and the net of that really is strong growth in the quarter and improved customer delivery rate. So I'm not sure where working capital will really end for us exactly, but frankly, if we can continue to get the strong growth, great fulfillment, it's an inexpensive investment in terms of EPS growth for the company. Europe discontinued the HVAC business, but I would also say across all the businesses, it performed very well. The standout was the HVAC business, as it has been for probably more than 1 year now. And it's a combination, I think, of -- it's just the winning combination of having the right management team on the ground, a lot of new product hitting the markets at the right time, and the combination of that, really coming together with some great results. I think they were probably north of 20% before currency in that business. 
Michael Lamach: The interesting -- Dodge is calling for an 11% increase in institutional. It's about still 25% off its peak. And we've contended that you're more likely to see an extended sort of mid-single-digit institutional recovery perhaps over 2 or 3 years. Education is probably a little better than 5%. Health care is looking at probably a little less than 5%. Those are 2 important markets for us. I commented that we needed to see some education orders moving through the pipeline. We're seeing that, so that's a positive. And we would expect health care, which typically are going to be a bit more complicated, a bit more applied work going in there, applied engineering, applied product going in there, probably late this year, early next year. So that's shaping up. We're seeing strong still commercial and manufacturing construction going on. That vertical, as it relates to HVAC, I'm talking about industrial buildings being built, commercial buildings being built, continues to be strong. But we've had great success with light commercial. That is a product growth team for us. They've done an excellent job. Sue commented that we've seen double-digit growth year-over-year there. So we're very pleased with what's happening across that business. 
Michael Lamach: I think that a mid-single digit view is a good view. Again, I think that you'll see education maybe a bit of north of 5%, health care a bit less than 5%. We'll still have a good unitary business for office and manufacturing. So really sticking to that kind of mid-single digit. And to your earlier point, if things continue to shape up, maybe it's to the high end of that range, and we'll come back and adjust in July. 
Michael Lamach: Well, in general, for the company, I'd start -- you would look at sort of all-in reported about 25%, and if you take out acquisitions, you're probably closer to 30%, the gross margin of the company. Climate would do about the same. Interestingly, when you see translation in our company, obviously, it's going to impact businesses like Industrial will a have higher exposure to foreign currency, which is a higher-margin business than our Climate business. You also find it in the TK, it's one of the global businesses we have. And so obviously, the operating leverage -- or deleverage on currency there is higher coming back in. So it's obviously more difficult to offset translation per se. So we have to drive harder with productivity to be able to do that. And that's the road map that we're building. And so a lot of companies I know have taken down guidance as a result of currency. I thought, a, it was too early in the year for us to do that; and, b, we've had good success with productivities and good volume in the quarter and feel like the leverage should support staying with the range that we've got at this point. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the overall market is down, so it's not actually any sort of a share issue. And it's somewhat choppy. And we've seen this before in China in terms of the choppiness and the shortness of the cycles, that we've had years of 2 quarters down, 2 quarters up, net up, and I think that you're looking at that here. The pipeline there would support a back half of the year which is stronger than the front half of the year. And so even for the second quarter, we're likely to see sort of flat for the overall company, down in terms of bookings. But for Climate, I would expect to see an uptick in Q2, potentially high single digits, maybe even better, if bookings -- timing of bookings comes in as we would expect. And then for the full year, we should have, I think, pretty strong growth there in HVAC. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I don't think we've seen the order growth rates really coming back in Europe, although I think there is more optimism, in general, in Europe. And if you take currency out, obviously just look at the market for itself, there's more sort of optimism around Europe. But we didn't really see that in the first quarter. The growth we had in TK there, it was largely North American truck and trailer. But across the world, we would have seen great container growth again. We saw APUs with really strong growth, something near 50% in that regard. Also, air, rail and bus combined were up as well, David. So those businesses are becoming more significant as a total part of the mix at TK. North America's performing about where we thought it would be. Europe hasn't quite recovered, but we think we will a bit toward the end of the year on a constant currency basis. And we expect the ancillary products around rail, bus and APUs and containers to continue to have good growth. Overall, kind of a mid-single-digit view. 
Michael Lamach: We've got a pretty good view at '15. We're slightly less than ACT. Looking at 43,000 units, I think, in the last forecast, and we would be something a bit less than that at this point in time. So where ACT is calling for, say, 10%, we're calling for kind of more of a muted mid-single-digit growth rate there. Again, if there was some optimism, if we chose to view that, hopefully ACT is right. Again, this is where we've got inventory in place in case it is right. That typically could be some longer lead items on diesel engines, and that's one of the positions we took would be a stronger backlog of components in inventory there. 
Michael Lamach: Well, if you go back to the first quarter guidance, we probably did just maybe a point or 2 better in terms of operating leverage than we had guided. So we're pretty close on that. Got there a little bit differently than what we expected: a little bit weaker price, material inflation; a little stronger productivity; a little better volume; a little worse mix. But the bottom line is it was a solid execution to get to the leverage that we had planned. When you look at getting the 25% reported op leverage, a 30% x acquisition op leverage, it would imply a better back half than front half. And I think we're, at this point, all of the productivity pipeline, all the plans we have for price realization are in place, so it's a matter of executing on that. But again, our forecast to be 25% reported, 30% x acquisitions on leverage for the full year. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I think we're getting great lift-off from the product growth teams we put in place. And again, I couldn't be more happy with the efforts of that entire team, which is a very broad team of product management, engineers, operational people and the whole selling organization doing a fantastic job with that. So I'm more pleased with the execution of the product growth team than I would be to call it any more than what I have, which is a decent institutional market which, believe me, we're delighted to see after years of negative, it'll be a positive. And I think that the commercial and industrial building and retrofit markets has some legs left as well, too. But again, we're -- all in all, even Dodge would say we're 25% off the peak, so we've got a long way to go. 
Michael Lamach: Well, we've taken the philosophy to -- across all of our businesses to look for the best opportunities. And so I think the filtering that we would do and the balancing that we would do would be at the corporate level. But as it stands right now, we've really got all of our businesses looking for the right tuck-in opportunities that are markets we know well, either channels that we can use to exploit new products and services or the other way around. We've got products that we need a channel for. And so those are the typical acquisitions we're looking for. Obviously, we're trying to balance toward a 15% overall operating margin target for the company, so that pushes us to looking for good businesses where the synergies are clear, and that's a tough threshold obviously to look at out there for us. But look, it's competitive out there in terms of acquisitions still today. A lot of these pipelines take a long time to develop. A lot of these are based on historical relationships, relationships we're building with companies that we would have an interest in. In some cases, they may be partners or suppliers to us in other areas. So it's across-the-board, Shannon, and I wouldn't highlight or isolate one particular interesting business for you. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, copper and steel are moving in the right direction, Steve. We buy a lot more components than assemblies. That is twofold. One is, in some cases, you're paying more for overall general wage inflation or freight inflation in some of those commodities. It's not always just a material commodity decrease as a part of the assembly. But we're working with suppliers to make sure we're getting our fair share of that back, and where that's not happening, we'll clearly resource that to the supplier with a better price point. And that will take some time as well. So I think we're on top of it. We do see sort of a flattish to down overall inflationary environment. And certainly, steel and copper and zinc are factors that are positive in that as well as freight for that matter. 
Michael Lamach: Well, Climate grew specifically in HVAC, much of -- sort of it was the largest contributor to the overall absolute in the company, and it was largely equipment. It has a long service tail on that and that takes a while to materialize over time. So look, when you're mixing higher Climate versus Industrial and higher HVAC versus TK, it puts a bit of a challenge into the mix. But that's really the sum of it. 
Michael Lamach: Look, I mean, we had great performance in the quarter, revenue; great performance in terms of orders applied. The books are filling up through the fall. Education, a little less applied. Health care, a little bit more applied. So you'd see more of a move up there. Unitary continues strong, Steve. That, I don't think is going to slow down much for the year. So yes, we are optimistic in kind of a mid-single-digit growth rate. Dodge has been optimistic for a long time. And so we've generally used our own pipeline and a triangulation of all the data that we have and have had a fairly accurate estimate over the last, say, 4, 5 years around that. I don't see any reason to change from that. With that being said, look, if there is some sort of a boom we're missing here, once again, it's this sort of component inventory, particularly on the applied side, that we're going to make sure that we're not cutting ourselves too thin in terms of inventory. And we have plenty of capacity. That's not an issue for us at all in the capacity for applied. 
Michael Lamach: It's so close to flat that I couldn't call it either way, frankly. But it's certainly not going to be, to my mind, much of a headwind, if any headwind, at this point in time. If things continue as they're continuing, it would be a slight tailwind for us. 
Michael Lamach: It's also part of why pricing probably isn't as strong, too. Again, it's all about this gap between price and some of the commodities, which drives some of the pricing in the marketplace. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, European revenues were actually up high single digits organically. If you take FX against that, obviously you get a story, which isn't as rosy. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the market analytics and the segmentation we're doing around some of the customer segments has been really critical, both in understanding about what will grow and why, what competitors are doing, are likely to do, scenario planning around that, economic value estimation of the products we're launching and making sure we're valuing sort of the product versus looking at it on a cost-plus basis. All that really consummating and having an operations team, an engineering team and a product management team having the same goals and objectives. Just as an example, if a plant manager is looking to maximize inventory turns and a product manager is looking to maximize product availability, they're obviously in conflict. When these people all agree on what it that's being the #1 or #2 thing to grow market share and margins, great things happen. We've got those teams totally aligned on how to grow margin and how to grow market share. And if you talk to anybody on that team, no matter sort of what stripe they wear, from ops, engineering, sales or product management, they're going to give you the same exact answer. And that's where the investments are going and they're not going anywhere else. And again, this is why we've got 3, 4x growth in the overall portfolio last year. This is why I'm excited about doubling that this year and ultimately, this is why I'm excited about the next, say, 5 years because we'll build this thing out all the way. People are having great time doing this, they feel like they're winning, and we're going to keep going as fast as we can. 
Susan Carter: Well, I think it goes back to, Mark, what I talked about when I talked about the segment, is that if you -- they have a higher impact from currency, right? So if you take that out, that's a piece of it. And then if you take out the Cameron acquisition that in its early days and it's got all that purchase accounting, the business or the segment itself actually had positive price versus direct material inflation. They actually had productivity that offset inflation and so they actually had a very nice quarter in terms of operational performance that underlie the basics of that. So -- and also investments were in line with the revenue percentage in the first quarter of 2015. So you take out some of that noise that we talked about, they actually leveraged very, very well for the quarter. 
Susan Carter: Right. So when -- Jeff, when we think about what goes into the other income and expense and the favorability that you see in Q1, that whole line is going to be a couple of different items, one of which is the foreign exchange that I'll get to. What's also in there is earnings from some of our equity affiliates, some interest income and, as you might expect, the other cats and dogs on the P&L that don't fit in to another line item. In general, that line item is going to be somewhere between $2 million and $6 million favorable. And if you think about looking back to the fourth quarter, it was actually $6 million favorable. So you've got the $10 million in the first quarter, not unheard of. But the big drivers for the first quarter, to answer your question, were better earnings out of our equity affiliates, and then also the foreign exchange gains and losses outside of the Venezuelan currency devaluation. Now what happens with the foreign exchange gains and losses is the only thing that we do cash flow hedging on is our balance sheet position and things that are known to us. So when we put those hedges on, if the dollar is strengthening, when you close out those positions, you get a gain. And that's part of what we saw in the first quarter. It doesn't mean it's repeatable because as you roll those hedges, you're resetting the rates. And if you look at Q1, this is the biggest change quarter-over-quarter in terms of foreign exchange rates, particularly on the euro that would have been an average of $1.33 last year and $1.09 this year. So again, some nice gains that are in there from a transactional point of view. And we try -- there isn't a direct percentage that I would say is hedged, but we're looking at things with the intercompany loans and things that are known that don't have a lot of volatility and risk for those, and that's just a routine for us that we're putting cash flow hedges out for that. 
Susan Carter: And the other part of that, Robert, is going to be that -- the direct material inflation. We talked about we've got some inflation in the first quarter and a bit in the second quarter, some of that Tier 2 carryover in the back half of the year. We see that, that levels out and we're not getting material inflation, so that also helps the leverage in the back half of the year for, actually, both of the segments. 
Susan Carter: I think that as we look at it, Julian, our projections would say that we're going to continue to grow and that the second quarter will be stronger than the first. So I don't want to not allow for any breakage, but I think we'll start to see things get close to that range in the second quarter for Industrial. And when we think about what's happening there, they're still going to have the big FX impact, they're still going to have the Cameron step-up, but there is productivity and the additional volume that is going to help them. So the short answer to your question is, yes, we should get close to that in the second quarter. 
Susan Carter: Let me try to walk you through the business and the different markets that they're participating in. As we told you, they met our revenue and operating income expectations for the first quarter, and we're on track with generating the synergies and doing the things that we are planning to integrate the business. So everything is going along as we would expect with the business at this point in time. If I divide and go into the individual markets for them, processed gas, again, a piece that does have some exposure on the oil and gas side, we're actually seeing some strength in the business with natural gas and with LNG. There's some project delays that are happening in, perhaps, the Middle East. But petrochem is holding up as well as power generation in some of the pieces. So all in all, processed gas is holding up well. Plant air, we're seeing good activity there with the business, and the book-and-turn activity was good in the first quarter. Engineered air, which is the piece that is exposed to air separation and some of those markets, is showing a little bit of a pull back, and that's really more of an across-the-industry type of pull back, particularly in Asia where there was a lot of building and a lot of overcapacity in air separation. And on the aftermarket side, the aftermarket is stable for us. But we, of course, have plans to grow that, as we talked about when we did the acquisition. So all in all, we're seeing what we expected to see out of the businesses. The markets haven't really let us down in any big way. And again, our exposure, being more on the gas side than the oil side of this, are keeping us on track with what the plan was for the business. 
Susan Carter: So let me take the share buyback because that's probably easier than LIFO, but I'll come back to LIFO. We had the $1.5 billion authorization in 2014 and as of the end of the year, we had utilized about half of that. So given the minimum of $250 million that we had said for 2015, that still will carry us through the year. So no problems on the share buyback authorization. On the LIFO side, with prices going down and volumes, there was no impact as I looked at the financials, really, in the first quarter from LIFO, and I wouldn't expect that to change as we go through the latter part of the year, Steve. 
