David Regnery: Yes. Well, we haven't seen any pull back, Andy. Good question. But we're seeing broad-based demand, electronics, data centers, education, health care, high-tech industrial, think of electronics, EV plants, battery plants. So we're seeing some nice demand. I mean our order rates were up around 20% in the Americas, and it's really across many verticals. So a lot of strength there.
David Regnery: Yes. Our resi business had a very strong third quarter with strong mid-teens organic revenue growth. Book-to-bill in the quarter was 92%. Channel inventory in our independent wholesale distributor channel was a bit higher than normal, but nothing alarming. Sell-through in the independent channel was mid-teens. So it was strong. Order rates will be under pressure here in the short term as we think about this backlog that we're still measuring in months as it starts to normalize. And Andy, if you remember in 2021, our order rates for our resi business on a full year basis were up around 30%. And our revenue was up like 14%. So we built this really large backlog that we'll need to process through. And you really need to look at -- when you think about residential, we really look at 3 different elements. One is what's your order rate. Two is, what's your backlog and then obviously, the revenue. And those 3 will start to neutralize themselves over time. But longer term, we see our residential business as a GDP-plus business, and they had a very strong third quarter for us.
David Regnery: We do not see resi falling off a cliff. There's going to be some positive tailwinds to next year. You have the SEER change that will happen, which will drive some price. You also have IRA, which we're still working through. There's some elements there that still need to be defined. But that will be a tailwind. Hopefully, that starts towards the beginning of the second quarter. So there is some positive too in residential.
David Regnery: Yes. I think with the backlog of $6.4 billion, it gives us a lot of visibility. If you think about a normal fiscal year, John, we typically go in with about 20% of our revenue in the backlog. Obviously, we're going to go into 2023 with a much larger number, which really is going to help us, too, with our forecasting capability with our suppliers. The supply base is still constrained. It's improving. The third quarter was certainly better than the second quarter. The fourth quarter will be better than the third quarter. But it is going to be constrained for a period of time. But having that visibility really helps us, helps our suppliers, helps us with our forecasting capability.
David Regnery: Yes. I think it will be a little bit more muted. I think that there's obviously the SEER change, which we are in the process, obviously, of shipping the new products as we speak. So that's going to add some price. It's also going to push up the higher end of the SEER market. I also think that IRA will be a tailwind. Again, we're working through some of the details on that still need to be defined. But that will certainly push the market more to the heat pump side of things and the higher SEERs on the heat pumps.
David Regnery: Good question. We don't have totally the crystal balls there, but I would tell you that it is moving to electrification, okay? You're seeing it in the smaller vehicles now. And we have a complete portfolio of products there that are able to capture that market. On the long-haul carriers, think about the reefer units, that will be a slower transition but we're ready for it. We actually have products that are out now. We're testing in the field with customers that are fully electric. It will take an approach very similar probably to what you've seen with cars where you'll start with hybrid and then it will move to an all-electric version.
David Regnery: Yes. I would say that our Thermo King business, I'll start in the Americas. It's performed very well for a number of quarters consecutively. Very strong quarter, obviously, in the third quarter, as we saw the revenue that we missed in Q2. The team was able to pick that up in Q3, just a great effort there by that team. As far as share gains, we're very happy with our share gains in our Thermo King business. Outlook for 2023, we like the innovation that we've been able to drive in that business in really both regions -- both EMEA and in the Americas. And it's really helping us with those share -- our share position. So 2023 in the Americas, ACT has got a relatively flat to 2022, but understand that's at a very, very high level. They're forecasting the trailer market to be -- the last number I saw was like 45,000, which is a very, very robust market. And in Europe, we haven't seen an official forecast from IHS. We're estimating that it's going to be down modestly, but don't assume that, that means that our business will be down, okay? We have some great innovations there, and we continue to get traction with some of the innovations that we've had in our EMEA business.
David Regnery: And Julian, if I could just follow up on just a quick story here to talk a little bit about our culture here at Trane Technologies. That team in the Americas overcame a massive obstacle that happened in the early May time period when a tornado hit our facility in Puerto Rico and really removed the roof from one of our major assembly operations there. And I can remember meeting with that leadership team and it was early May, and the President of that business, she walked into the room, and she looked at the team, and she had 3 questions for the team. And she said, number one, are all our employees safe? And the answer was, yes, because the storm hit on a Sunday afternoon and the plant was unoccupied. The second was, do any of our team members need help? And the answer was no because as tornadoes are, they tend to be very targeted, and it wasn't a large impact to the community. And the third question was, how do we get this facility back up and running so we could take care of our customers? And here we are talking about this in the late third quarter, early fourth quarter, and we were able to recover all of the missed revenue that happened in the second quarter and the third quarter. That team performed exceptionally well. And just it speaks volumes to the character of not only that team but to Trane Technologies.
David Regnery: Yes, John, the other thing I would add is I'm very confident long term with our outlook in Europe. That region continues to grow share and it is one of our leading regions with innovation. So just a really creative management team there that's been able to execute well. And long term, I feel good about Europe.
David Regnery: Well, I think the simple answer there is everything was up mid-teens. So that makes it easy to answer. Yes, I mean, for the enterprise, we had over 10 points of price, and resi continues to be one of our leading businesses with price. So it's north of 10. But we won't go any further than that for competitive reasons, but it's a strong business, had a good strong third quarter.
David Regnery: Yes, I'll start. I'll let Chris talk about the profit next year, but we're not seeing any cancellations, okay? That's not happening. If I look at the inventory in the channel, as I said earlier, it's a bit higher than we would normally see, but nothing alarming, and we haven't seen any cancellations. I do believe that we will see our order rates on a unit basis continue to come down because we have to process through this backlog that is -- it's just -- we're still measuring it in months. And it's going to take several quarters before we're able to process that down.
David Regnery: And I've said this before, but we don't see the residential business falling off a cliff next year. And we don't see margin contraction or large revenue falloffs.
David Regnery: Yes, I don't -- I know that -- it's a good question, Steve. I don't have that in front of me. I would tell you that I know that our mix of heat pumps is stronger than the industry. So that would -- and obviously, you don't have a furnace with a heat pump, but I don't have the specifics on heat pumps when we're selling split systems.
David Regnery: Yes. As far as lead times go, Steve, we have extended lead times across our portfolio as does the broader industry as do most industrials right now as we're still working through the supply chain challenges that are improving. As far as on the unitary side, actually, that's -- we're doing pretty well there. So I don't see that -- that's not an area that we have -- I would imagine that we're very competitive in the marketplace there.
David Regnery: Yes. I think if you look longer term at our service business, and let's look over a 5-year period here on a global basis, our service business is up on a compound annual growth rate, high single digits. So that's a business that's very resilient that's performed very well for us. In fact, in 2020, the pandemic year, we were flat to 2019 despite having lockdowns and having difficulty accessing some buildings. So service business is a great business. We have a great operating system around our service business. And today, it represents close to one third of Trane Technologies. So we're very happy with our service business. On the unitary side, we had strong growth in the -- throughout our commercial HVAC business. So it was broad-based in unitary and in applied. So really broad-based in many verticals across the globe.
David Regnery: Yes, I'd say supply chain performed as expected during the third quarter. We anticipate a gradual improvement through the rest of the year and for several quarters into 2023. The team is -- our team is doing just a great job of managing that. I think this large backlog gives us more visibility as we talked about earlier, which, again, being able to tell our suppliers, what we need, okay, is very important and being accurate with that. And our team has just done a fantastic job there. So supply chain is improving slowly. Slower than any of us want, and we'll continue to see improvement in the fourth quarter here. .
David Regnery: Yes. I think one of the knock-on effects of the supply chain that's inconsistent is productivity, right? So if you think about you're running a factory, and you don't have the right components, you're stopping lines, you're partially building product, you're putting it out in the yard, you're bringing it back on the line when you get the components to retest the product because, obviously, you want to test everything before it gets shipped out to a customer. So it's been disruptive. It's improving, but it's going to improve slowly as the supply chain improves. As far as quantifying it, it's difficult to do right now. I would just tell you that it's going to be slowly improving, and we'll continue to make progress. It's certainly a focus of our teams as to how do we get back to being able to have the productivity we've seen in the past. But the supply chain, the knock-on effect associated with it, it has had an impact in our operations for sure.
David Regnery: Yes. I think that we're obviously getting with extended lead times, okay? I think the first thing you're going to see as the supply chain improves, you'll see those lead times start to contract back to more of a normal level. But right now, we're obviously, especially on applied jobs, those are specific to a job site. And they're giving us enough lead way. So we're able to hit their expectations. So it's very difficult to accelerate that on the applied side unless the job site suddenly gets pulled forward, which happens, but I wouldn't say it's -- we're not seeing that as the norm right now. .
David Regnery: Yes. I mean it is -- I think when you start talking averages and you start getting share to a company level, it's not meaningful. But I would tell you that if you look around the different regions, we like the growth rates we're seeing. We like the innovations we've been able to drive, and we certainly like the order rates that we're seeing and you could see that with our order rates versus maybe some other companies, but we're very happy with the performance. We're very happy with our product management teams being able to really understand customers' insights and being able to have innovations that exceed their expectations. So I expect that to continue in the future. One of the things that we pride ourselves in is the fact that we don't let up on innovation. We don't let up on the dollars that we invest in innovation, and we're going to -- you're going to continue to see that from Trane Technologies well into the future.
David Regnery: Yes. One of the areas just talk a little bit about is in the education vertical. And I know the funding there with, our education vertical in North America order rates are up year-to-date over 40%, over 40%. So you could see the traction that we're having there. .
Christopher Kuehn: Andy, I'll add on the enterprise backlog. We reported of $6.4 billion. We still see that 90% is nonresidential. It's focused on our commercial businesses, including thermal, so it will stay the same here in the third quarter.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, John, you summarized it well. The third quarter price cost positive on a dollar basis, still a margin headwind, but less of a margin headwind in Q3 than what we saw in Q2. So it is getting a little bit better. As we think about 2023, we'll certainly see some carryover price coming into next year. We're seeing those commodities start to come down off of their peaks. Certainly not back where we were two years ago in terms of commodity costs, but a little bit of deflation there. We see that impacting 2023, more so than 2022. But we also are looking at items like wage inflation and energy inflation as well that we'll need to bundle all together, and we'll provide a better look on 2023 in a few months when we report our Q4 earnings. But there should be some deflationary opportunities in there. We're going to have, as Dave mentioned, a very strong backlog entering into 2023. And ultimately, the goal here is to deliver top quartile results.
Christopher Kuehn: Julian, I'll jump in. We don't really dial it in necessarily by each SBU. But I would say it's certainly contributing to the enterprise performance. The business operating system that's been deployed for many years. One aspect of that is pricing and getting in front of inflation. And the Thermo King team is really a part of that strength that we've shown over the last now 7 quarters in this highly inflationary environment and staying ahead on price cost. So really proud of where our teams both in Americas and Europe and in Asia dealt there.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, I would say, Julian, the commodity -- the direction where commodities are going would suggest there should be certainly some improvement. We've done some great work staying ahead on price and keeping them ahead of inflation. So I think that is an opportunity going into next year is that price versus direct material cost inflation. We are looking at areas such as wage inflation and energy inflation as well that have to be factored in. So we'll provide more guidance on that in a few months. . We're also going to be -- right now, we're in the middle of that planning process for next year. We're really spending a lot of time around our investments, again, and where can we accelerate some of those investments to really drive returns. So all of that's going to be baked in as we think about incrementals for next year. But a lot of moving components as always, but we'll give you guidance in a few months.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, Joe, think of that FX decline on a year-over-year basis, about half of that is coming from foreign currency. The other half of that is still these acute supply chain issues that frankly, we saw in that region starting about a year ago with the significant demand. And we're still incurring higher costs to serve customers, which we know is the right thing to do in this market. But both those costs, the supply chain inefficiencies are just still very real. And then foreign currency are really the drivers for margin. . We do expect those margins to improve over time as these supply chain challenges improve. Dave's talked about this gradual recovery, and we've seen that occur in the third quarter with some stronger volumes than what we had forecasted. And we do see that gradually getting better as we move out over the next several quarters, but it's going to take some time.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes. I'd say maybe a little bit in the third quarter. I mean, certainly, as we talk to our employees, they're feeling the impact of that and their own utility bills and the statements that they're getting at home. Yes, so it's starting to creep in a little bit in the third quarter, a little bit into the fourth quarter and certainly into next year, maybe a bigger dollar amount for us to kind of consider and think about it from a pricing perspective. . I think what it's also doing is driving a fair amount of the order growth as well as you think about products that are in the Thermo King space, hybrid electric products that have 30% fuel savings versus the product that was on the market two years ago, the electrification of heating and driving our thermal management systems on the commercial HVAC side, the reduced energy intensity. Those are really contributing as well in this very challenging energy crisis in Europe.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes. I would add on the margins. As we've said, the residential business has really had some very strong price over the last seven quarters. At the same time, stayed ahead of inflation. As we go into our planning process, we look at all of our strategic business units and we think about top line growth, leverage growth, our cash flow performance across the board. I think the team has executed quite well. With investments they've made over several years in the value space, that's a market that continues to grow well for that SBU and depending on how markets move in the U.S. that's an area that Ten years ago, we didn't have very much of a presence in the value channel. That's an area we do have a presence in today. And on the replacement side versus repair, we'll see where that plays out, but it's a business that has a great sense of purpose as well as brand.
Christopher Kuehn: Steve, I'll start with pricing. This part of our business operating system is to evaluate the input costs and then ultimately, making sure we're pricing based on value as well. So I'd say, across the majority of our businesses in 2022, we've seen actually three rounds of price increases, very similar to the three rounds we saw in 2021. So yes, I think the team is looking at significant demand, making sure we're pricing for it. A number of these products are being delivered three, six, nine months out, so we want to make sure we're protecting ourselves from an inflation perspective on the cost side.
Christopher Kuehn: I know our revenue was up in the 20s. I don't know what the order rate was. I can -- we'll get back to you on that after the call. .
Christopher Kuehn: Jeff, it's a good question. Not all the components, raw material purchases in Europe are all denominated in euros. There's certainly components that come in from the U.S. or from Asia. So there are some transactional headwinds here when you think about the declining euro against the dollar. So that's part of the driver. But I totally understand your question, but it is that dynamic of some of the components we buy in currencies other than the euro.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes. We quantified it last year, Deane, as a 2-point lift on revenues. And then as we moved through the year last year, we just found it was really hard to start bifurcating what was an indoor air-quality order versus maybe a traditional equipment order or a service order. So certainly helped contribute to the growth last year. But as we're seeing significant growth this year, took the full year guide up 13% to 14% organic growth on the full year. Indoor air quality is one of those contributors to customers looking at upgrading their equipment, getting energy savings right earlier, especially where we see energy prices right now. It certainly is a contributor and remaining tailwind.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes. It's certainly, I guess, all of the above in the mix. We'll -- we're going to look as we go into guidance for next year, trying to just give an update of the componentry of commodity costs versus other costs because that has kind of changed over time. We've described between copper, aluminum and steel, those being each about one third of total, what I call, Tier 1 commodity costs, excluding state refrigerants. And certainly, as I said before, it provides a bit of a tailwind going into next year in terms of where we see those commodity costs going right now. . Certainly, with more volume, there generally is a bit more leverage we can try to get. But in this supply chain environment and the constraints, we're ultimately just trying to manage that quarter-to-quarter and continue to see that getting better. So I guess I'd leave it at that kind of level as we kind of ultimately look to price for next year and ultimately try to get a price cost positive spread for next year.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes. I expect for the fourth quarter to remain price cost positive on a dollar basis. I think it will still be margin decremental on a year-over-year basis. That price component, though, of the growth in the fourth quarter, that will be lower than the third quarter. We're just comping against stronger price realization from a year ago. Certainly second half of 2021 much stronger than the first half. So I do expect top line price to be less of a contributor in Q4. But we're on track to be price-cost positive for the full year. And ultimately, for the full year, it will be a bit of a margin headwind as well. .
