Michael Lamach: Thank you, Sue. So closing on Slide 22, we are executing on our 2017 plan and building a thriving, more valuable Ingersoll- Rand. I began today's call talking about our principled approach, the values inherent in our culture and how that translates to sustainability of our business. I'm proud of our employees who delivered a strong quarter one performance. I'm proud that we tackled challenging customer problems and we solved them. We take on tough issues and apply some of the best minds in the industry to solve them. Within our company, we have some of the most impressive emissions reductions and efficiency stories in the world. It's what we excel at. Looking ahead, our strategy is unchanged. We will maximize growth through innovation and channel expansion, continue our focus on productivity and costs, deliver strong cash flow with disciplined capital allocation. Our Commercial and Residential HVAC businesses are strong and focused on growth areas with equipment, controls and service. Our Transport Refrigeration business is diverse and agile and will execute their strategy as they typically do. Our Industrial businesses are focused on market share and margin expansion as markets stabilize. And our culture remains as strong as ever. As a result, I'm confident that we will continue to deliver top tier financial and operating performance. And with that, Sue and I will now be happy to take your questions. 
Michael Lamach: Julian, the timing there typically is going to be independent -- or dependent on the customer and what we're going to get there is sort of an indication of the order quantity for the year. And they're going to take those -- sort of, as they would see their fleets needing to be replenished so, that varies dramatically. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think it's broad-based. Again, I mean, we looked at North American equipment bookings up roughly 20%. We're seeing applied North America up in the mid-20s. Success in the Middle East in terms of bookings. China was up significantly, 20-ish percent in the quarter as well. Controls continue to -- we're doing well with the Controls business and Service business. So really across the board, Robert, we're having success there. Anything specific you'd want to know more than that, then feel free to follow-up on it. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I'll start and let Sue finish. But if you look at from operations leverage, around 25% of business, coming off last year is really toward a price to material deflation mix. It was really good performance in the quarter there. We think good performance on the long run is leveraging incrementals at the growth marks of the business and we would expect things to be in that 25 to 35 range and have no difference in expectation this year. Of course, Industrial, we'll leverage them much -- at a much higher rate. You saw that in the quarter where we had a slight decline in sales. We had an increase in operating income in that business and that will continue to be an outsized leverage there. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Rob. We'll cover that really, I think, in more detail. There'll be more time in May, first of all, so I don't want to absorb too much time on that. And clearly, we believe that what we're seeing today through the operational integration, this is both the technologies that we would have, the networks of excellence that we would have around engineering across the business, the purchasing power we have and even the plant consolidations, some of which we did in the quarter, consolidating more of these plants together in larger scale all lead to a pretty big dis-synergy number pulling it apart. It's also the cash flow cyclicality inherent between the 2 businesses, and there's a bit of a negative correlation between Industrial and Climate historically for us anyway. And I think that, that is something that has bode well for the ability to continue to have strong cash flow, to allocate that toward investment in the business which is out of cycle, which you even saw, I think, today, we announced we've now launched that large rotary refresh of the oil flooded air compressor business. That was the project -- I don't know, 5 quarters ago, we talked about pulling forward, I think, in the 2015 versus '16 to accelerate it because we have such good success with the small air compressor using the same technology. So that sort of thing wouldn't happen, I think, in this cycle. And that, again, if you flip it around and look back in the 2010, '13 time frame, all of the success in Industrial at the time fueled what you're seeing in the Trane business. So I think we look at that all the time. We try to understand some of the parts in the portfolio when we apply a range of dis-synergies against that. It's not a value-creating idea. 
Michael Lamach: Nigel, last time I looked at that was very really not long ago. Really, weeks ago, we were upside down some $10 million in that equation, a couple -- $0.03 a share and the only argument you can make would be do you do it early and protect the deductibility of interest on a scenario that you're guessing at around taxes. So really, guessing at that scenario for $10 million didn't make any sense, but I want to give you some color because you need to know we're looking at it all the time. We wouldn't leave an opportunity on the table like that. 
Michael Lamach: Well, actually, Nigel, it's across -- there was 3 different sorts of ideas. One was taking a residential light unitary North American factory and then putting that into 4 factories with open capacity. And so one of the things, I think, is a product of good productivity for a lot of years is opening free capacity in other locations, so one piece of that would have done to the HVAC side of the business. The second one was to the Industrial business and consolidating 2 plants in-country in Europe. And then, the third one was a plant in Europe which is going to be a multisegment plant in Europe. And so we really hit all 3. 
Michael Lamach: Steve, I just won lunch, okay? And I'm not going to do any calculus or algebra on this one for you at all. I want to really stick to the guidance we gave, managing within that and let you guys sort of work. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. To sort of maybe recharacterize the question in a way that I want to answer it, I would tell you that the way -- the reason in which we took up the low end of the range was just confidence we had in the bookings and really eliminating the risk on the low end of the range and feeling like we had a stronger backlog going in. When you look at that mid-20s applied bookings that we had in Q1, look at the large plant in our process industrial bookings, which would have been mid-teens growth year-over-year, the Climate is probably 6 to 9 months. It's interesting because that's based on the availability of the customer to have the project ready for it. We build chillers now in a day. We used to have chiller lead times of 10 weeks. We now could do that in 10 days, give customers a 10-day lead time from order to delivery. But if you go to a large plant in our process side, same thing, 12 to 18 months. So those are largely pushing out to 18. But with that being said, some of the bookings will fall into the back half of the year and give us an opportunity to raise the low end of the range. You'd also ask a little bit about price and material cost. I'll let Sue kind of give you some color on that. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. And maybe, Steve, just more color on that even. You look at the fact that we are getting positive price across the board, that's a good sign. Again, it's the steel, the Tier 2 components, the aluminum, which Sue said, we buy 15 to 1 pounds of aluminum to copper in our [ resbins ] for example. You get to quarter 2, the spreads are 120 basis points. We will still expect positive price and the same sorts of material inflation that we're seeing. And then, you get out to the back end of the year and it literally might take to the back end of the year to kind of flip that into the 10 basis point positive there, but I do believe we've got the strategies to do that. We've also got some excellent value engineering ideas going on right now, testing out and would be finalized this summer, where we would both be able to change some of the alloys and be able to change some of the gauge thickness of materials we're using. If those test out positively, then that's going to allow us to abate some of that material inflation toward the back end of the year. So we're working it and feel pretty good about getting there at the end of the year. 
Michael Lamach: No, Scott. I appreciate the question. It's a headwind. I mean, we had to overcome a significant headwind in comps so that's the point we're making. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Remember, Scott, the vast majority of our company doesn't operate on a price list or a pricing. It's really the res business, some parts of light commercial, tools business to some extent. It starts to fall down pretty quick after that. Everything else is really putting a system together, a project together. And so you're really pricing more or less in real time, when the customer wants an order, and that's how we look at it. So yes, we had price increases where we compete in markets where that's the norm. Where it's not the norm, that's where we've been working this whole top line margin expansion pricing work over time to make sure we understand how to price out into the future when we expect deliveries and try to get on top of that. Of course, as you get to these large long lead items, you're dealing with the fact that you're trying to price out and guess 9 to 18 months out into the future and, in some cases, what's happened hasn't been so much demand related from a commodity perspective, but in the case of aluminum, for example, it's very speculative in nature as to what's going on. Those are more difficult to predict. 
Michael Lamach: But net-net -- we get there at the end of the year, I believe, in our -- marginally positive price versus material cost, with price being actually quite positive. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Thermocold is a -- it's a ductless variable water flow product that -- we worked with this company over time to kind of help develop it and get into the market. It got to a point where it's getting very interesting for us. We acquired the business this quarter. Actually, bookings have doubled in the quarter since we've owned it. So it's an early success around that. But what happens with some of the variable refrigerant flow systems is as you're pushing refrigerant around buildings, and many building codes don't allow either a flammable or a high concentration refrigerant to circulate in the building, so just for context, the VRF system might have twice the refrigerant charge than a conventional system and then you're pushing that higher pressures and you're pushing it through buildings where it's not pushed today. So in some places, the preference for when people want to go ductless is to have variable water flow versus refrigerant. So we're looking to really make sure that we've got a product for every application. And what we do is we apply products and systems to situations and we do that through our channel, and that's why it's important for us to have all products for all applications. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Compression Technologies specifically and Club Car would be the 2 parts of Industrial I'd call out to be the strongest. And when you look at what we can control in the Compression Technology business, if we can't control CapEx of large equipment, which was evident to us a year plus ago, the move that we could make was to spend more time in the channel around the mix pushing to service. And Todd and that team had done just an outstanding job of putting what I would consider to be the operational excellence discipline into the sales management and sales functions. And so the amount of connectivity we have between customers and service, the share of wallet we have with those customers has increased. And just the sort of the whole pace and rigor around the sales management process has increased. So I couldn't be any happier with how they're kind of bringing that to the market. And then, in Industrial, what you're seeing here is Club Car with mid-teens bookings, and that's led by everything outside of golf, frankly. Golf is a business where, globally, we've got roughly 50% market share. So all the growth opportunities that sit in that small electric vehicle market spit out in utility and in personal transportation vehicles, low-speed vehicles at the consumer level. And we're seeing good growth there. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean, again, I think when you see larger compressors come back into the mature economies, you're going to see great growth in leverage. And even without a high degree of revenue, you saw a good leverage in this quarter. But you've got China, which I consider to be a mature market. Here you saw really excellent kind of high single-digit, almost double-digit growth there in our Compression Technologies business. So China is an example where we really did see some strength and recovery. And it's supported not just by the reported GDP, but around energy use and the economy and by some of the usage of commodities like steel in the market would tell us that you're seeing something that appears to be a turning point in China and hopefully will last. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I'd just start with -- from the beginning which says that the strategic plans that we put together in the company would have isolated some ideas around targets that we want to go after and that list of targets would have yielded some specific targets that we would have put on our list, whether they're actionable or not, and you could say, well, everything is actionable at any given price, but the reality is it's not actionable within the financial guidelines that we put in place about what we think a good acquisition looks like. So when you start with that, you say to yourself, from there, at any one given point in time in the pipeline, what do we feel is both actionable and actionable at a level financially that we think would be attractive to us. If I snapped the line today -- I want to be very careful about this because it could change next week and it would have been different last week. But if I snapped the line today, I would say that it's between $300 million and $500 million of actionable M&A that meets our financial constraints and hurdles across the company. So that doesn't mean that it won't change next week. It wouldn't preclude doing much larger deals if they fit the strategic plans that we put in place and the target list that were in place at the time, but that's where we are today. And if you ask me next quarter, I'll snap a line for you and tell you where we are, I suppose. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the Middle East really accelerated for us and that was kind of mid-teens bookings growth in the Middle East for us, so very different than what we're seeing in Europe. in Europe, we're not bearish on Europe. We just think it's going to be a sort of a flattish market. But the Middle East, we would think to be up for the year for us. And I think that's not the market, I think, that we're doing some good things in the market, particularly around some of the district cooling plants and the newer refrigerants that we've launched into the market. China was also just a good story for us. And again, it's really a quarter at this point. I'm not going to say that -- expect that to continue through the balance of the year, but clearly, the market in China specifically, I don't think was up 20% in the quarter, but we had strong bookings growth in the quarter. Again, a lot of new product introduction, more depth in the channel and I think just solid execution across the board there. 
Michael Lamach: I was there just a month ago, at least where I was, okay, but specifically Dubai would be a point I would raise. I would tell you that it was booming and really no signs of slowing down there. Obviously, as you get outside of Dubai, you're going to reach different dynamics, but we would have seen that our team there is sort of feeling good about what they're able to bring in into the market with new product and services, controls, performance contracting and capability. The team becoming, I think, stronger there to the point where we can do more work outside of equipment, that's helping us to grow the market. We've got a joint venture we're starting there as well soon. I think that will help us develop in the market further though. So again, I didn't see a terribly depressed situation in the marketplace, but I felt good leaving that trip, understanding what our growth plans were and feeling good about our ability to get growth where it's maybe flattish today or down. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Deane. Really, detailed about sort of inventories. There's nothing unusual about inventories in the channel. I know some of the folks that are sort of more res-based and maybe similar folks in HVAC are looking at weather and days of sales and so on and so forth, but honestly we're not seeing anything unusual here. We're seeing good strong markets. We're seeing the replacement market is strong. We're seeing the new construction market is strong and a couple of areas that we're really looking to penetrate, which should be areas like new construction or areas like owned or non-occupied, are markets that are really growing for us. And we focus the channel, we focused our work in those markets. So I think it's shaping up to be another strong, solid year for the res markets. And clearly, we're doing well in those markets. And it's also you're seeing the nice market share growth and margin expansion. It's not as if we're in there buying share at all. It's really a well, strong -- a well-functioning business, strong management team executing well on its plan. 
Michael Lamach: We're, in the last 3 years, about 100% revitalized. So there's nothing in the market that we have in the market for very long. So who we're taking share from -- we speculate internally, but I certainly wouldn't want to put a public proclamation around that hypothesis. 
Michael Lamach: We work in an industry with a handful of large players. It's probably going to consolidate over time and we certainly don't discount any of our competitors' capabilities in these areas. It's a strategy, Jeff, that we've had for a long time about how we wanted to win and where to play. The product growth teams are very additive to what we're doing in trying to isolate opportunities or weaknesses and exploit them. So yes, I said the context of the word culture, I don't know, 5 times on the opening script and I can tell you that there's something about really embedding that pretty deeply in the organization that we wake up every day thinking about market share and margin expansion and we're supporting that with the field, with great service capability, with a tremendous amount of investment, innovation in products controls services across the board. So we just got to run faster and we've got big, strong competitors that are running fast, too. 
Michael Lamach: Knock on wood, Jeff, we've had an excellent season. I think every season just gets better and better. The first thing we do at the end of the season is we debrief every learning we had in the season at a very deep level on a plant and product basis and understand sort of what we would have done if we could hit the replay button. And every year, we get better at that. It's why the profitability of the res business turned the corner in the first quarter, which historically, I think, forever had been in a loss-making position. It's now in a good position in the first quarter with less inventory, high returns, better cycle times, lead times to customers, more product availability. So we're not seeing anything here that we haven't planned for or thought about at this point, but again, this is not even May and we've got to go through a few more months here to be confident about that. 
Susan Carter: Yes, Julian. It's Sue. I think that's right. It's a little heavier than $200 million, but not significantly. So -- and I think what you have to think about there, and I know you are, is that bookings in that area last year was really the largest point of decline in -- especially the Compression Technologies business. So we saw some positive bookings in the first quarter, but those are going to translate into 2018, but you've got the right order of magnitude. 
Susan Carter: So let me start out with the bookings and the expectations. So we talked about in Q1 that the bookings were down slightly. One of the things that I'd like to point out in that area is they were actually down about 1% year-over-year, which translates to about $6 million. So we know that -- we knew that we were going to see the North America trailer markets down. We knew that we were going to have some strength in Europe in the truck markets. We also saw some strength in North America on truck with the marine business being down. So there's a little bit of a mixture there, but we do still see that the biggest market that, I guess, from a focused standpoint on North America trailer is that that's going to be down for the year. We're a little bit more conservative than ACT with their 44,000 units, but we are calling that down. 
Susan Carter: Well, so the maturity is August of 2018 and we're continually evaluating that. And I'll tell you what I'm balancing on that interest rate of 6.75% versus what we could get today. And I don't know if 2% is the right number, but let's assume that it's much lower than the 6.75% is. What's the right timing in terms of the breakage of cost that go along with it? So in other words, if I want to refi now and do that, there's going to be a cost associated with that. And while I could easily disclose that to you, I sort of have a bias towards protecting shareholder value and saying I'm not going to do that unless there is a really good reason to do that. So what drives a really good reason would be is if I thought the rates were going to change dramatically or I get more within the window. So continuously thinking about it, Nigel, but so far, we haven't pulled the trigger on that and we'll continue to look at it. But you're right, it would be lower interest than the 6.75%. 
Susan Carter: So actually, what is sitting there in 2017 in terms of the Trane amortization is about 105,000 -- $105 million, which is about what you said. That actually does not start to roll off, Nigel, until, like, 2023. So it isn't going to start rolling off in 2018. It's going to be roughly the same $100 million. 
Susan Carter: Yes. So I think, Steve, that would be one of the other areas that I would watch in the second quarter. So our material inflation in 2017 is coming primarily from steel and from Tier 2 commodities. As we go throughout the year, we've talked about the first half is going to be a tough compare to last year where we had a very positive spread between price and material inflation. On the material side itself, there's been some volatility, really postelection, in both steel, which will start to show up in the second quarter, as well as aluminum. And aluminum has a bigger impact on our Residential business than what some people might think. We actually use -- I'll give you a first quarter kind of anecdote where we used about 15x as much aluminum as we did copper in the Residential business in the first quarter. So we're more impacted by that. Having said all of that, we intend to be price positive throughout the year. We're watching the commodities. And we're also really, really focused on productivity and really offsetting any costs that we have. So monitoring all of the different pieces, but I'd really watch on materials. 
Susan Carter: Can I just interject for just a second? On the second quarter, I still expect for us to be upside down on the price/cost equation. So there is a very tough comparison to the price/cost spread from the second quarter of last year, but I do expect second quarter to look somewhat like the first quarter of this year, price positive, but still seeing a negative spread between price and material inflation. 
