Michael Lamach: Okay. Thanks, Janet. Good morning, and thanks for joining us on today's call. We're pleased with our ability to deliver above our earnings commitment in the first quarter, with solid operational execution. Our revenues for the first quarter were down 1% versus last year, both on a reported basis and excluding foreign exchange, reflecting top line performance pretty close to our view that the demand environment will start out tepid and improve somewhat as we move throughout the year. Orders were also down 1%. At $3.1 billion, revenue was towards the bottom of our guidance range, which was $3.1 billion to $3.2 billion. We saw a slight decline in Climate and Industrial. Residential revenues were up 6% year-over-year on a comparable basis, and Security Technologies revenue was down 3% on a comparable basis.  We increased adjusted earnings per share from continuing ops by 14%. Adjusted earnings per share for the first quarter were $0.42. That's about $0.04 above the midpoint of our guidance range of $0.35 to $0.40. Better performance from operations were about $0.02 above guidance assumptions, again, on a revenue base which was at the lower end of our guidance range.  The tax rate, at 18.5%, was about $0.04 positive to guidance. These were partially offset by the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar, which occurred after we gave guidance. The bolivar devaluation resulted in a $0.02 negative impact on earnings, which was booked in other expense on the P&L.  Adjusted margin decreased 10 basis points. Operations before corporate unallocated costs increased adjusted margins by 30 basis points. Versus 2012's first quarter, adjusted operating margins were up in 2 of the sectors. Residential delivered a 390 basis point improvement and Industrial margin was up 110 basis points despite slightly lower revenues. Lower revenues and mix were a headwind for both Climate and Security. Corporate costs were higher in the quarter due to the higher benefit costs and increased investments related to our IT transformation, which had the first of 6 phases go live earlier this month.  This marks our eighth consecutive quarter of a positive gap between pricing and direct material inflation. Our Lean focus again showed significant results in the implemented value streams. And we continue to invest in the future of the business, funding significant new product development, investing in the new IT platform and building our services footprint.  Spin-off and restructure costs were $0.11 in the quarter. You may recall that in our February guidance, we had also called out a potential non-U.S. discrete tax charge of $0.10, which did not occur. Finally, we initiated our share repurchase program earlier this month and still expect to spend the current $2 billion authorization by the end of the first quarter of next year.  In sum, good operational results in the quarter against a muted demand environment, which we had expected in the quarter. And now Steve will take you through the first quarter results in more detail, and I'll be back with our outlook for the second quarter and the full year. 
Michael Lamach: Okay. Thanks, Steve, and please go to Slide 12. Just as a reminder, for purposes of giving guidance for 2013, it's on as-is basis. It assumes the current Ingersoll Rand with the 4 current operating sectors is in place for the full 12 months of 2013. As we announced in December, we expect the security spin to take place in the fourth quarter. But to be clear, this guidance does not reflect the spin, given we do not yet have the carve-out financials and the specific date of the spin won't be known for several more months. Consistent with our February guidance, we have broken out spin and restructuring costs from the core EPS guidance, in order to give the best representation of the company without the impact of the impending spin. But there is no change or update to the information we gave you last on the spin. It's proceeding according to our time line, and we won't have pro forma financials for a couple more months. We expect to file the Form 10 in the June time frame.  Based on our results in the first quarter and our visibility for the remainder of the year, we are reaffirming our consolidated outlook. Our revenue outlook for 2013, therefore, is unchanged at $14.2 billion to $14.6 billion, which equates to 1% to 4% growth versus 2012. U.S. nonresidential construction starts and Put in Place trends have not changed significantly since our prior guidance. Institutional markets are expected to be down for the year by 3%. The 2013 outlook for commercial and industrial Put in Place is unchanged, up 8%. Increases in bank and office buildings and retail support our view of a stronger second half versus first half for the unitary HVAC business. We continue to expect low-single digit growth in North American commercial HVAC and flat to low-single digit decline in North American commercial security. We expect North American truck trailer markets to be fairly flat in 2013. Asian HVAC equipment markets are expected to be fairly flat in 2013. China HVAC is expected to be up low- to mid-single digits. Industrial Technologies expects markets to be fairly flat, slightly down in Asia in 2013. And our Asian security business, which is more influenced by the timing of large infrastructure projects, should be up high-single digits for the year. Overall, we expect revenues from Europe, Middle East and Africa, taken together, to be up slightly.  Translating that to our outlook by sector, we expect Climate Solutions revenue to be up 1% to 3%. Industrial Technologies revenues are forecasted to show more moderate growth than the past couple of years, with growth of 1% to 4%. Residential is expected to be up 8% to 10% and that compares to prior guidance of 4% to 6%, and the change there is truly due to the product line transfer that Janet mentioned in our opening. And Security Technologies to be down 2% to 4% on a reported basis, again reflecting the impact of the product line transfer. On a comparable basis, Security would be up 1% to 3%.  Please go to Slide 13. On the basis I discussed earlier, our guidance for full year EPS from continuing operations remains at $3.45 to $3.65 per share, and this includes onetime deal costs from restructuring of $0.40 to $0.60. The full year tax rate forecast for 2013 is still expected to be 23%.  For the focus on second quarter guidance, please refer to the right-hand column on this chart. Second quarter 2013 revenues are forecast to be $3.8 billion to $3.9 billion. That translates to a range of down 1% to up 2% versus the second quarter of 2012. Adjusted second quarter earnings per share are forecast to be $1.05 to $1.10. Security spin-off and restructure costs are expected to be about $0.06 in the quarter. We are assuming a share count of 300 million shares and an ongoing tax rate of 23%.  For the full year 2013, we still expect to generate available cash flow of about $1.1 billion, excluding onetime and restructuring costs.  In closing, we're pleased to have delivered a solid first quarter. We continue to feel good about our company and our progress. Our focus is on positioning Ingersoll Rand to continue to grow earnings and cash flow with very little help from markets. We've implemented a consistent shareholder-focused capital allocation program. We proactively work to reduce costs and improve productivity while still making prudent investments for the future. We continue to invest in new products and service offerings and our IT infrastructure and further developing our people and our operating capabilities.  In sum, I'm proud of the progress we're making, results we've delivered, and we're looking forward to delivering on a successful 2013 for our shareholders, customers and employees.  Now Steve and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Michael Lamach: We -- Nigel, in the announcement, we intend for it to be an Irish domiciled company. We won't have anything back on that yet for a couple of months relative to SEC filing, conversations with the IRS, et cetera. 
Michael Lamach: Steve, added [ph] for the new quarter, I wouldn't view that as the most important quarter of year. But no comments on second quarter as of yet. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean, we're seeing really strong execution in our industrial businesses and that's really an emphasis on the long-term approach we've had towards product development and Lean really coming to fruition there, so a great margin in the quarter. I think it's a record, actually, for us in the first quarter, the margin in the industrial business well on track. Also seeing good margin improvements in the residential business. Of course, Q1 is the smallest and almost a meaningless quarter in the grand scheme of the year there, but good execution coming into the year. I think from an inventory position perspective, they've done much to ensure that we've got the right product at the right time for our customers there. So good momentum, I think, with that business going in. Security actually had a pretty good quarter. But there's a bit of a mix shift going on there, whereas the climate business, Trane, would be a bit indifferent as to applied or unitary institutional versus commercial. I mean, it has a little tougher impact on the security business in North America. We see much higher commercial activity, banks, office buildings and such, versus institutional, so that mix hurts a little bit. We also closed a factory in Q1 in China and merging that into an existing plant that we have in Mexico. And so the costs associated with that and the opportunity later in the year to sort of deal with the landfill there, are other opportunities for us. I think the margins there will certainly shape up to the back half of the year to be as what we forecasted all along, and that's roughly to be flat for the year. And then, really, from the climate side, the TK bookings were good, particularly in North America, that related to trailer. So it's a solid sign going forward for us, that the new product acceptance has been great. We're ramping that up as quickly as we can to make sure we take advantage of it fully. And in HVAC, it's a bit of a mixed bag. We see growth in North America, growth in China. We see it certainly in North America to be on the office and retail side. And institutional markets will still be down about 3% in North America, so the growth will come mainly on the unitary side of the business. And in China, we're kind of seeing what we expected there, which is recovering book to bill. I want to say book to bill in China for the quarter was about 1.26. So we need that to continue, but it's a good start. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, in fact, Shannon, I'll probably back you up to quarter 1 last year. Interesting, quarter 1 of last year in our unitary portfolio throughout the company was up 29% quarter-to-quarter. It was just a phenomenal start to last year, so we're really coming against a less pretty tough comp there just for comparison. It was a pretty good applied quarter too. We're up 13%. So equipment orders were up 20% in quarter 1 last year. Now in the year, what we're seeing is that we'll continue to see applied institutional, particularly K-12, and down negative 10 mid-digits, health care may be a little bit better than that but still negative. But the real growth will come from office and retail and actually from bank buildings, and we do fairly well there. In fact, we're the market leader there as it relates to share for unitary product that goes into that market. So -- and that's something, again, if you look at the places that volume will hit us, it will hit us in places that we've had ongoing Lean efforts and ongoing product development efforts over the last couple of years. So I feel pretty good about our ability to convert on that volume at relatively strong incrementals. 
Michael Lamach: Well, new is up about 30%, replacement up high-single digits, maybe 10%. So clearly, the market is still sitting at 85% replacement. There's no real mix shift there. The only shift within that, I would say, continues to be the decline of R-22 in the portfolio. And as we said all along, that's a good thing. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Sure, Jeff. In the first quarter, we saw price cost positive 90 basis points, and I think that the material inflation environment will continue to be fairly tame, not only sort of the market but what we've locked in. So we've actually been lapped most of our larger price increases. So for the year, I think price will just be under -- maybe just under 1%. So I would expect the gap to material inflation to be closer to 40 to 50 basis points, which is a little bit better than we thought we would have at the beginning of the year. We actually -- I'd have to check this, but I think we're probably now a larger buyer of aluminum than copper. Again, a multiyear effort to move away from copper to aluminum. So copper is becoming less important to us there. We hedged out in Q2 about 3/4 of our demand and for the full year, about 2/3 of our demand. And then for aluminum, here, we're typically buying that through finished product with suppliers, and so we're buying that not directly but through rep purchases. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, you're correct, Andrew. We need second half revenues to be about $375 million or about 5% higher than the first half of the year so -- I'm sorry, than the second half of last year. And so we were looking at it this way, about 1 point, we should get from price. Residential's growth rate from the first half to the second half is only about 1 point higher in the second half. And then given the momentum in housing, it seems pretty reasonable. On a dollar basis, the large increase would be in commercial HVAC. And within that, the majority of that growth will come from North America and Asia. In North America, in particular, we project good growth in unitary equipment and in contracting parts and services. And we've made investments in contracting parts and services and had more feet on the street there than we've ever had in anticipation of being able to drive that business. For unitary, we believe the growth in equipment is going to be in the retail and office and bank building verticals in particular. That's, of course, the growth outlook we've got for the second half of the year there. With TK, revenue goes from negative in the first half to a positive in the second. It will end about flat, but most of the swing is in North America and we feel good about that given the bookings we saw in the first quarter. The commercial security outlook has always called for a stronger second half for nonresidential construction in our key institutional markets. And so we need for that to improve in the year. With that being said, the other actions we're looking at there to make sure that we're protecting the profitability of the business in the event that those markets don't recover. As an example, the integration of a plant in China into Mexico and the benefit that we should see in the back half of the year there. So we ultimately [ph] all of Asian businesses to accelerate as we go through the year. Again, the book to bill was good in quarter 1. We've seen that so far in our bookings, but we'll need to see traction there continue in that region to support the second half forecast. 
Michael Lamach: Well, you're going to see fundamentally the shift we're talking about in office and retail markets. And so they're typically in the security business. We're not selling the premium brands. We're selling sort of the next tier down and it's a more competitive environment. So when that business grows there -- I was commenting earlier about the institutional markets are more important in the security business. As those commercial markets grow, it's not the same effect that we have in Trane, where we're clearly comfortable watching applied or unitary grow. In the security business, it's much more beneficial for us to see institutional markets grow. 
Michael Lamach: When we look at commercial unitary and you look at that from large all the way down to widest [ph] , remember that we sell the bulk of the white[ph]  through our climate business there. Again, reflect back on the quarter 1 last year, it was a plus 29% growth rate. I don't think anybody was close to that last year. I think one might have been 20%, one was 6% and one didn't report it even so, it was a really good quarter last year for us there. When you look at the res business, you don't want to draw conclusions here on any one month or any one quarter for sure, particularly not the first quarter, which, as you said, is the most unimportant quarter of the year for us. So our 23 -- our 2013 forecast doesn't show share loss in any of the SEER ratings or efficiencies in the marketplace, any portion of the market. Just executing our multiyear product strategy, a channel strategy, we're extremely cognizant of the interaction between price and share and fixed cost leverage. And so we're going to make decisions there based on this type of analysis and doing what we think the optimal outcome is for the business based on that mix. So long story short, we're not forecasting a share loss in '13. We saw a nice share gain in 2012, kind of recovering from 2011. We see the continuation of that, particularly with all the 13, 14 SEER products really now in the portfolio coming into the season. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, North American trailer revenues were actually right on for the first quarter. Market acceptance for the new Precedent product was a lot stronger than our original expectations. We had truck orders up 30% in the first quarter. I think the industry was down like 2% for total industry based on the ac [ph] volumes, so good success there. We're ramping up on production of the new products to meet the increased demand, saw actually a nice growth in marine although it's a very small business for us. Yes, all in all, I think it supports the back half of the year forecast for us. 
Michael Lamach: Institutional volumes are down. Where we've seen actually growth in the HVAC business in Europe, we have not seen growth in the Security business in Europe. And so I hope there is -- that's a bit of a lagging effect in the back half of the year before Security Actually shows a bit of an increase in Europe as well. So that should help us in the back half of the year there. But Europe was below our expectations. The mix in the Americas was a bit more skewed towards the commercial sort of brands as opposed to institutional brands there. But again, there's also a lot of activity spent in the quarter moving a very large plant, closing it down and then the process of moving that to Mexico, and the benefit of that really shows up in the third quarter and fourth quarter relative to margins. So I think the top line makes sense. I don't think there's a lot of shifts going on there at the top line. And then from a margin recovery perspective, I feel pretty good about Security continuing to work to flat by the end of the year. 
Michael Lamach: Well, our unit volumes were actually up close to 10%. So you can tell from the reported numbers that the volume numbers gave you, that we're continuing the mix as well in the opening price point section of the market. We'll continue to see that happen throughout the year, taking a large share in that full product range as well. So that's sort of what the volume is, Julian. It's going to take us another year, 1.5 years, a couple seasons probably before I would tell you that, that mix shift down wouldn't impact the res business. But the  [indiscernible], the combination of price, volume and fixed cost leverage really is the analytics that go into that decision. And any time you can run the business with an improvement of 390 basis points, it feels pretty good going into the next quarter. And we're going to continue what we're doing there and improve business from there. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think from a services perspective, we're going to continue to see services growing mid-single digits. And for us, it's a function of technician support, service dollars, kind of covering the market, building out the footprint. So we have been able to track to sort of headcount additions like clockwork in terms of volume growth. So I would consider mid-single digit growth to be in the cards there for us. 
Michael Lamach: Joint venture. So we were consolidating it and it was -- we reported a very low sort of number there. So almost negligible, maybe a 5% operating margin or less on the shift itself. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think, if you're talking specifically on corporate cost structure, Steve kind of gave you a little bit of reconciliation between the $42 million unallocated this year and $32 million last year, and part of it was the stock-based comp that he talked about a second ago. But we would think 2013 would be about $180 million. Last year, it was $163 million. And the largest investment we're making there is really around common systems. And we really don't get the benefit of that common system work until they sort of cross at least the midpoint of the implementation, kind of the fourth to the sixth phase, before we start to lap the costs. So we've got another 1.5 years or so, maybe a bit longer, worth of hill to climb before we get the recovery there. And we have no changed expectations. We believe it's a significant item in getting our overall IT costs down to, what we believe, are world-class levels and that there's as much as 50, 80 basis points of improvement when we're done, just on the cost of systems, let alone the cost of supporting the systems and of course, the benefit of the information you get from better systems. 
Michael Lamach: It's probably the #1 growth driver in that business, really is the electronification of mechanical locks. And I would say the #1 market for that would be of all education, K-12 and higher ed. And it's really partially attributable to the unfortunate things that we're seeing around the world. And the thing about that lock is the ability to do that in a relatively -- that whole system, a very inexpensive way of implementing a system in a wireless way, with lockdown ability inside of 10 seconds. And I think some of our competitors would have that capability twice a day versus every 10 seconds. And so there's a real advantage to that. We've got excellent organic capability for product development. We're working on, of course, channels to market there and have had great success with particularly colleges and universities adapting the system you saw, the electronic lock you saw, the wireless lock as well as the aptiQ card system. 
Michael Lamach: Well, it's one of the options that they can use with aptiQ is using a smartphone. But yes, near-field communications would certainly be one of the potential options that you could take, along with the ability to format with any other credential. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I mean, we can get into the algorithm to do that. And actually, that's really going to be useful for us here. But clearly, the systems that are there are aging and we're seeing less repair than we would have seen from 2 years ago. And that trend continues toward system replacement. R-22 is down 20%. So when we are seeing replacement, we're seeing full [ph]  replacement itself. Without sort of trying to model it totally out for you on the phone here, it lends toward, I would say, a slow release of the replacement demand over a 3- to 5-year period. 
Steven Shawley: We haven't changed that view, Nigel. It's going to be around $900 million pre-spin through the end of the year. We're stretching it out a little further, starting a little sooner in Q2 than we thought about before. So we haven't changed the total profile, $900 million this -- pre-spin and then $1.2 billion or so post-spin. 
Steven Shawley: I think that really what we've said the strategy this year was, Jeff, to devote pretty much all of our available cash after dividends to share repurchase. That's roughly the $900 million. I think that when we talked about that, we said, "Look, we feel pretty comfortable about doing that from operating cash flows, worst case." So if we didn't -- are able to complete the spin this year, we'd still be able to at least do that. And that's what comprises our current guidance. I think that as we go through the rest of the year, we'll try to take advantage of whatever we can, timing of refinancings, et cetera, to try to continue to pull this thing up further, as far into the year as we can. It's pretty tough when you start, even in April and May, to get a big impact on your average, but we'll certainly be opportunistic and take advantage where we can there. 
Steven Shawley: So a quick correcting comment here, it was the trailer business in North America that was up 30%. I mean, we do define [ph]  it between truck and trailer, but the trailer was the piece that was up 30%. 
Steven Shawley: Yes, if you take a look at what we're expecting, really, the Thermo King story is a positive mix story, Julian. If you look at the contracting service and parts stories on the Trane commercial business, that's a positive mix story for us in the second half of the year for sure. So the thing that may be a little bit tough will be the security mix through maybe even the second quarter because of the vertical market dynamics that Mike just went through. But there's no reason why we shouldn't see mix come back to a more normal profile for, certainly, the second half. The other thing that Mike mentioned, the expectations for China. And what happened with our China bookings in the first quarter was we're -- actually book to bill in China was well over 1, like 1.2. We get great margins out of both the commercial HVAC business there and also the industrial business. So that should also serve us well from a mix standpoint in the second half, Julian. 
