Michael Lamach: First of all, just given the market, we think that the market will be relatively flat in terms of total motor bearing units. We think that we'll actually see probably a 4% increase, which is a fairly modest share gain there. In total, it's about 50 basis points, really, just by being in the market for the full year. So it would equate to something like 40,000 to 50,000 units that weren't in the market last year but will be in the market this year. And obviously, that puts some pressure on margins there because that growth will come at a lower incremental margin. So we look at that business overall as growing in the year flat to 2%. And margins, they are probably growing about 200 basis points. So getting back from the missed Qs in 2011, certainly picking up the volume in the R-22 business but at a lower incremental. 
Michael Lamach: No, actually, I'm talking about only HVAC. So we're saying that the market for motor bearing units would be flat. We think that we'll actually be up about 4% driven by the Unitary business, which is about a 50% market share gain for us. It's solely though as a result of actually being in the market with the product for a full year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Climate, you might be looking at 30 to 50 basis points. Industrial, probably still a little bit stronger there, 110 to 130 basis points; res we talked about, and security, you could think about being fairly flat. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, one thing, Nigel, I think, in particular is we're all looking at the same data. We interpret it probably less optimistically in Europe, particularly in our Industrial businesses, we think, which would be probably first to see that and we see some softening there. So we've got a view in Europe across the whole company as reported, which would include currency, of course, to be, say, down 10%, 12% with currency. It's a bit more negative or less positive than I think you're hearing from other companies at this point in time. The other place where it's a bit of a wildcard, you look at North American HVAC equipment and we look at a number of data points here, but one that's fairly reliable for us is the Dodd's put-in-place number. And then figuring from that, the usage factors that we get from Security product and HVAC product as it applies to the specific markets that are being built. So it breaks it down by particular verticals in those businesses. And that could imply kind of a negative 5-, negative 7-type equipment environment for next year, which again is a little bit more pessimistic than what we're seeing. But, again, this has been a fairly accurate indicator for us in the past. So to the extent that those will not materialize, that there is more put in place quicker, that we're on-site faster, it could have an impact the other way for us as well. 
Michael Lamach: Both about the same. They kind of follow the same markets with HVAC, typically leaving Security. But it will be the same outlook for both, of course, different usage factors and a different market mix based on what new construction is being built. So the institutional markets would kind of hurt the Security business more than it would hurt the -- the HVAC business. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, one thing, if you look at fourth quarter last year and the first quarter of this year, I mean, if you go back to the fourth quarter last year as an example, we saw Unitary bookings in the fourth quarter up almost 40%. And we saw Applied bookings in the quarter of something like 28%. The Unitary, not all that shipped in the quarter, but obviously some of it did. But the unit -- the Applied all shipped in the first quarter of last year. So you see a weaker first quarter against really tough comps. So we were way above sort of the market in the first quarter of last year for revenue and way above the market in 2010 fourth quarter for bookings. So we're lapping some very difficult comps there. But if you look again at sort of the -- just the proposal pipeline, if you look at the orders in hand and look at the McGraw-Hill put in place and how that would relate to book-and-turn in the year and we get to a slightly recovering market in the year, so that for the full year, equipment globally would be fairly flat. We would see, I think, good growth again in contracting parts and service probably up in the 8% range. And that would give us for the Climate Solutions business something closer to the full year 1 to 4 range that we're forecasting. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, good growth, Nigel, but slower -- slower growth kind of across the board. It will still be good growth for us. If you look at Asia for the company, we'll probably still see mid-teens for the year, I think a slower first quarter but mid-teens for the year. Latin America still is exciting for us, again, slower start to the year but a mid-teens rate in Latin America. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. So, Andrew, for the first quarter, we think we'd have about 170 basis points of price. We think it will moderate through the year, and we'll probably end the year down a little over $1.1 billion. As we said, we'll see lower inflation at this point, lower inflation throughout the year as well. So we'll maintain a positive spread. Spread in the first quarter versus material cost is probably about 90 basis points. And then over the course of the year, it moderates to 70 or 80 basis points over the course of the year. 
Michael Lamach: Well, it's -- you're lapping pretty aggressive price increases, so it's getting tougher as you get towards back of the year, right? I mean, the fourth quarter pricing was pretty strong for us. So fourth quarter pricing was, on a margin, about 2.7 points a price to margin, so that was fairly strong for us. I think as we get into the back half of next year it's going to be a little bit tougher. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I would say that for the most part, we're talking about those gains coming really in the Industrial businesses. Club Car will leverage, but great growth out of the Industrial businesses. And, again, it's really going back over a 2- or 3-year period where it's been a constant drumbeat around new product introduction and launching better product, better cost position, higher quality, less warranty, aggressive on the consolidation, including the move in China, really, restructuring really paying off. So what you saw here is the 2009, '10 and '11 restructuring done there leveraging against those volumes. So any volume that I think we get there is going to leverage at fairly substantial rate. They've done a nice job around our footprint over those years. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I mean, I don't know if you were at the Mocksville facility, but that's a great example for us. They've actually gained in that product line 3 points a share. And this is a CAGI reported number, so this is in our view, this is the market view, 3 points a share there. And the first thing we saw was really good working capital management. Then we saw that was sustained. We saw margin improvement. That's been sustained. And it's really turned now into much shorter cycle times, and that's all related to higher share there of 3 points. And so they're doing a great job, and I think it will continue through 2012. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, flat, maybe up slightly, up a couple of points. They're working at their version of restructuring. They've been working through some warranty issues, on some battery problems that we've had over the last couple of years with that business. I think that will get better. So we'll see good leverage there as those warranty issues disappear. And they continue. They're all lean implementation down in Augusta, so that's going well, too. 
Michael Lamach: I will speak a little bit detail here. But if you net it all out, it will be flat to up real low-single digits for the year. So the increase in North America offset by almost an equivalent-sized business in Europe down the same level. So kind of sort of a higher single-digit North America, a lower negative single-digit Europe, offsetting just about a flat to low-single digit market. 
Michael Lamach: We would earmark $300 million to $400 million for the buyback in the back half -- half of 2012 just due to the seasonality of the business. But if you think about that as a September kind of midpoint, it's got a very little effect in the average share count for the year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. The commitment we're making is, as we said relative to our capital allocation strategies, that we are committed to controlling that dilution and we'll do what it takes to maintain the $3.15. 
Michael Lamach: Make sure I understand your question. We're not optimistic around the first quarter. It's a very tough comp for us anyway, yet we were up 10% in the first quarter of last year, and this year, we see that obviously being impacted heavily in the first quarter. We'll probably read it beyond 6% to 9% in the first quarter in the res business. So maybe take it from there as to your question. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, first of all, I'm going to tell you, to give $80 million of the wrong product out of the channel and then exceeding that by $10 million to $90 million was a great achievement in the res business. And so I think that in terms of indication of that team executing, first of all, I'd tell you that's a heck of an execution on the commercial team getting that out of the channel itself. And then, obviously, I stated in the earlier part of the call that they're right on track with the cost reductions and all the get well actions that were in place. So that we're in a good starting position kind of coming end of the year there. We look a lot less now at weeks of inventory. In fact, our game and the game we want to play with our independent distribution is to be able to stock less and build to a shorter, shorter, shorter replenishment cycle. And so we're looking at what was a 20- to 30-day replenishment cycle from order to arrival at the distributor to be something in the 12- to 20-day range this year. So we're taking it down by design across the channel and taking our cycle times down. So I look at it really as just sort of sentiment coming from the channel. I look at it from sort of the order rates coming in but not at the inventory -- so our weeks of inventory are less meaningful to us going forward. 
Michael Lamach: No. If you go back to when they were put in place last year, it was a combination. You had price increases in some of the more cataloged equipment, but you didn't see that this year going in. But what you do see is a lot more systems and tools and sophistication being put into the policies and implementation of the pricing policies across the various channels and the various segments. So it's not sort of that one-time sort of across-the-board price increase that we would have seen in 2011, much more targeted systematic approach. And that's the capability that we've been building over the last 18 months. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I mean, if you recall last year, we're sitting here -- actually, fourth quarter of 2010, we were surprised. We had a 40% increase in our Unitary order rate, and we were thinking 20%, 25% of the pull forwards. So a lot of pull forward came through that price increase last -- over a year ago. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean, first of all, you'd expect a lot of that to be in the Climate business, the largest business, since a lot of the $50 million plus, it's roughly $30 million. And here you've got the consolidation of 2 plants, so there will be 2 fewer plants at the end of the first quarter than they were starting. So that's one piece of it. But it also gone and really began to attack the front end of the business and to get, I would say, more synergy in the whole product management -- program management areas of the company. So that's a significant piece for them. The other factor is, are doing a lot, you'll see Industrial, we'll finish the consolidation in China. They've also taken some action on the front end of their business, as well as Security taking a smaller action on the front end of their business as well, just sort of rightsizing it and even changing some of the go-to-market dynamics about how we're looking to go to market in those businesses. And then finally, what we're seeing is an investment into the information technology systems. And so one of the largest single investments here is in the ERP conversion. We've got 122 full-time people dedicated today in this transition as compared to last year at this time. And by the end of the year, we'll be close to 240. And that will continue to 2015 as we deploy common ERP systems across the company. We've also continued to invest centrally in supply chain and in OpEx, and so bringing in a lot of Lean expertise and really a lot of talent into the sourcing organization to get to the next level there in terms of capability. And so that's the other investments we're making. The investments we're making in terms of restructuring and the cost reduction investments are actually slightly accretive for the year. So we'll put $0.16, $0.17 into it in the first quarter, and we'll get, say, $0.20 out of it by the end of the year. And that answers a little bit of the hockey stick question about how do you get from first quarter here of about 8% of your full year earnings to the $3. You pull out restructuring of about 12%, and that's exactly what we did in 2011. But if you compare it to 2010, we were about 3%. And in that year, we were much more aggressive around restructuring. And I would equate 2012 to much more akin to 2010 and taking aggressive actions in the front of the year to kind of counterbalance some flattish markets. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, we base the guidance of what we're seeing in the markets for top line and more realistic pricing expectations. You can see from the guidance, we're pretty bearish on Europe. We believe we're going to see a mild recession there. And we really, there and across the company, began to execute the scenario plans that are associated with that outlook. Remember, Julian, we talked a lot about building scenario plans across the businesses in the company at multiple levels. And so we're working that. The euro at $1.30 versus the average in 2011 of $1.40. has an impact for us. So I'd say the guidance reflects a level of operational performance that we have a line of sight to achieving based on the current capability of the organization and the action plans that we believe are actually solid for the year. Now you'd expect, too, that our internal plans is going to set higher than that and at the guidance range -- then the guidance range we gave you. But we feel that the current range is appropriate for what we're seeing today and appropriate for what the current execution capability is inside the company. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, let me give you my thoughts on capital allocation for 2012. So you just said we got $1.1 billion that we're planning for the year. We ended the year with $1.2 billion of cash from the balance sheet, so we're in good shape there. The convertible bonds that mature in April are going to use about $350 million. When we raise the dividend by 33% with the March payout, it will use in total about $200 million. So we've earmarked about $300 million to $400 million for buyback, which will be in the back half of 2012. That's going to leave around $300 million to $400 million available for deployment. And as you know, we historically have used cash in the first half. So when we get to the second half, we'll see what share price is and we'll make the call. And if there are smaller acquisitions that are attractive and actionable at a reasonable valuation, we're going to pursue them. And, again, this is going to depend on where the share price is. We would like to build on some of the core businesses, particularly overseas. But the valuation and profit of targets will have to be consistent with our goals and with our commitments. And, obviously, even if all the excess cash in M&A, we're not talking about anything large in the context of a $14 billion enterprise. So -- and if we thought the best path to put the money back into further repurchase, then we'll do that as well. But we'll make that call on the last $300 million to $400 million based on the dynamics, which are always moving. We'll make that call in the back half of the year. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, our suppliers are all in the same position, looking at the same sequentials and they're kind of trying to look at how do they respond to the same potential in the marketplace. So we put for the major suppliers a lot of protection programs in place to be able to protect for increases. Julian, of course, it all depends on how much the magnitude of an increase would be. But I don't see sort of according to the plan we've got here and the outlook that we're seeing to the next few months that, that's going to be significant risk for us at all. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. They actually exactly netted in the fourth quarter. If that's what you're asking, they netted. So productivity equaled the inflation. 
Michael Lamach: Productivity -- okay, I'm adding back material inflation into that. So I'm saying total productivity and total inflation netted. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I mean, absolutely. The restructuring and the cost reduction investments being made now in the quarter are all about that, Steve. So we would expect it to ramp it up. In Q3 and Q4, we would expect to have the benefit of that. Q2, we're still going to be -- if you look at how we're spending that investment restructuring for the year, it's all Q1 and Q2. And the Q2 stuff will be fairly early in Q2. So we would expect at the back half of the year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes -- no, we actually expanded on. What we've decided to do, though, is take the value streams. As an example, we've got several that would have been ordered to shut, and we've expanded them from a proposal to cash. So we've widened the value stream. We've had great success in taking it through the entire value stream. We'll add a few to it, but we're going to stick to our mantra, which is really to go a mile, mile deep, an inch at a time. And so happy with the 19. I think we're at or ahead of where we expected to be. I think it's a large transformational cultural change in the company. And the last thing we want to do is spread ourselves too thin. The --and we'll talk about this in March when we're together, but the resources and the capability building that's gone on over the last couple of years that have been added to this is really outstanding. And so I'm more encouraged every day looking at the capability coming into the company and maturing in the company to be able to go an inch wider as we go. So we'll expand some, we'll add a couple of new. But we won't go so far as to spread ourselves too thin, and that's working for us. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Steve, later in 2013. Another thing that happened, another investment we're making is we outsourced a lot of the infrastructure for IT. And so we're in the middle of transitioning about 350 people to a third party to be able to do that for us. And so we're actually transitioning in quarter 1 -- actually, quarter 4, quarter 1, quarter 2 with duplication of resources there to handle that transition. That kicks in fully in 2013, as well as the initial phase of the ERP. But that's going to be a slow fuse all the way through 2016 in terms of when you really get the benefit. We don't come to North America until 2015 with that ERP transformation. So we're doing Europe then Asia and then North America. So it will ramp up over time. 
Michael Lamach: Well, we have a number of sources, Steve. So it depends on what we're buying. Okay, so we're looking -- if you think about sort of what's growing for us, it's really on the red side, 13 SEER. It's 1/4 of the market, right? And what we're buying there necessarily isn't -- you're going to [indiscernible] compressor, it could be doesn't have to be. We're fairly agnostic around that, and we've designed to be agnostic around some of those. So we'll look to protect. We'll work with great suppliers like Emerson to be able to handle our demand. And to Julian's question, it's always a matter of degree. So I think we're planning in some degree a sequential recovery here. We're not planning for a barnburner. And if we see that coming, we'll look to pressure test that supply chain. 
Steven Shawley: I think in the quarter, Andy, was our Trane Commercial and Services business leveraged a bit better. And it was an area where we were investing a lot of money in last year. We intentionally invested new money in our Trane commercial contracting service and parts business, so for most of the year, it was actually a flat to maybe even possibly a negative leverage there, and that improved in Q4. And quite frankly, we are looking forward to that piece of the business continuing to improve leverage going into 2012. 
Steven Shawley: We count the ordinary at about $2.99, Terry. So you add back the dilution, so it's more like $3.12 for the diluted count at this point, end of year diluted count. 
Steven Shawley: Yes. In fact, we'll go on here as we pick up a few shares because the share price has popped up a little bit. Remember the converts, so we'll pick up a few shares there on the dilute count. And also, it seems like our share, our options kind of come above water, about mid-30s, $36 a share, which is kind of an average number in the back of my head. So we'll pick up a few diluted shares because of share price. 
Steven Shawley: I'll take that back. We do have the possibility of buying back some shares in the second half to control that dilution, okay? So we're not expecting a big number coming out of any share compensation programs this year. It will be mainly driven by options coming into the money. And so in the second half, we do -- I wouldn't be surprised if we do spend some money buying back a few shares, not a lot, to control the dilution. 
