Chris Kuehn: Hi Jeff. This is Chris. I will get started. Thanks for question. So yes, Q1 we did see particularly strong price cost in the quarter. When thinking about our first round of price increases, they went effect is in November and January, really just trying to get ahead of what we saw to be the rising material inflation coming into 2021. With that, that helped drive some really strong price cost in the first quarter. But for the balance of the year, we are really seeing from Q2 to Q4 that price cost about really being flattish. We have announced and put into effect the second round of price increases here in April. But continued material cost inflation has us continue to climb up as well. So we are really seeing the balance of the year that being roughly flat which we continue to manage and monitor where we can. Material inflation, we got our playbook. They were executing well at this time between our copper locks, 70% of that is locked in any point of time. The steel pricing and roughly a six month lag we see in terms of steel pricing. We are still executing the playbook. But I would say, for the balance of the year, we are seeing that really moderating and becoming flattish.
Chris Kuehn: Hi John. It's Chris. Yes. I think about the second quarter where organic revenues are probably around that mid teens range. When you add in acquisitions, they are driving about a 1.5 of growth for us for the year and that's continuing. We saw that in Q1 and we will see that again in Q2. When we stack organic and acquisitions together, we are probably in the mid to high teens range of revenue growth. And then we are expecting that continued strong organic leverage. We would expect about 30% leverage here in the in the second quarter. When you factor in the acquisitions, it's probably high 20s on a reported basis for leverage. So that's how we are kind of thinking about the second quarter right now. Still a little early to call the third and fourth quarter. Again, second quarter would be a big quarter for us as HVAC business but hopefully that gives you are little bit of context around how we are thinking the second quarter can shape up.
Chris Kuehn: Hi Dan. This is Chris. Yes, we had strong leverage in the first quarter. But as we think about the balance of the year, we are still targeting 30% operating leverage, consistent with our prior guide. For us, when I think about the performance flywheel we have within the company, let me start off with the first step and the first step is really reinvesting. We fully expect to have stronger investments, Q2 to Q4. We had strong investments in the first quarter. But those are really going to ramp up as we move throughout the year as well. We have talked a bit about the innovation pipeline where we are seeing new product development. All of that combined would really materialize in a strong step-up in investments for Q2 to Q4. Second, that price cost spread is going to narrow. So we are going to see price, but we are going to see cost roughly approximating price, Q2 to Q4. So those pricing increases don't bring a lot of leverage with that, of course. So that's going to be a headwind versus where we were in the first quarter. And then ultimately, we are still managing through the return of some temporary cost takeouts from last year. That was part of our guide three months ago for 30% organic leverage. It's still part of our guide today. So all in, 30% for the balance of the year and we raised the full year to 35%, just given where we stood in the first quarter
Chris Kuehn: Yes. This is Chris. No, we are happy with first quarter performance. I think it was 96% free cash flow conversion to earnings. So high-quality earnings there. I would say, we continued to make structural improvements around our working capital where, I think it was around 1.5% at the end of the first quarter. I think a mid to long term target for us is going to be a little bit higher than that and we are going to modestly invest in inventory here through the year. But our days sales have improved from two years ago. Our days payable have improved from two years ago. And even inventory turns over the last two years have improved. So we continue to make, from an operational excellence perspective, improvements in working capital. And really, you are seeing that play out here in the first quarter. Full year, we are still guiding to greater than or equal to 100% of net earnings, cash flow and 100% in net earnings. So I think we have got the structural ability to really hit those numbers, if not, slightly exceed for the year.
Dave Regnery: The other thing I would add to that, Jeff, this is Dave, is that our innovation really helps us with price realization as well. So as we have a really robust pipeline and we keep on executing on our new product launches, it's always nice to go to a customer and tell them about the value that you have created and how this solution could add to their bottomline.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Julian, how are you doing? This is Dave. I will start and Mike and Chris could add in. If we just really go around the global, overall we expect a continued market improvements with the increased global vaccination rates in 2021, but at a global level, that is. If you look at Americas commercial HVAC, we will start with, we see a nice demand in data centers and warehouses and we have seen that for a while now. But I would also tell you that the education verticals are also showing strength. So we are pretty happy about that. Hospitality is also still weak. However healthcare is showing some strength. So it's kind of mixed right now, but you have got some leading indicators. ABI is strong, which is a good read for us in the future. One point I would point out in the Americas, if you look at the incoming order rates, we run it with the Americas. So it's North America and Latin America. If you look at just North America, their incoming order rates were up mid single digits where Latin America was actually down mid teens. So we are seeing some strength in our commercial business in the Americas. You go to residential, continued strong bookings, continued strong backlog going into Q2. That's going to be a story of first half or second half. First half will be very strong. Second half, we have some very tough comps that we are going to be facing there. But overall, we are still positive of our residential business. If you look at the full year, the prevailing consensus is that that would be up in the mid single digits. And we have no reason to disagree with that. Transport, I talked about. It's going to be a strong year. And the nice thing about that is, if you look out into 2022 and 2023 forecast, that strength continues, which is a good sign. EMEA, it's really dependent. We still are seeing some lockdowns occurring. But we are seeing nice results there with our innovation and really around our heat pump, especially in the commercial business with our heat pump solutions that are really making a benefit to our customers. EMEA is another one you have got to break that down. If you look at Europe, our incoming order rates in Europe were up mid teens and actually our incoming order rates in the Middle East were down mid single digits. Asia-Pacific showing strength in China for sure. Data centers, electronics, pharma, healthcare, nice strength there. Rest of Asia has been slow, right. And we are hopeful that vaccine, can start to pick up their vaccine distribution rates and that it could bounce back. But if you look at the first quarter incoming order rates for the rest of Asia were actually down in the mid single digit range. So a lot of strength there in China. So hopefully, that helps you with seeing what we are seeing for the outlook.
Dave Regnery: Yes. We continue to see strength in our service business. It was up low single digits. Attachment rates, very high on the applied systems side. Indoor air quality, continue to see tailwinds there. The neat thing about indoor air quality is not only are we seeing indoor air quality audits being conducted in the education vertical, we are also seeing an uptick in the offices. Vaccines are being distributed and people are thinking about getting back to the office. We are seeing a nice uptick in our office inquiries and actually the activity. As far as your question about like indoor air quality and energy efficiency in buildings, I think you are aware, we do a very comprehensive audit. We have the day one which islets make sure the building is safe as possible today. Day two, let's do long term infrastructure improvements that you could make to not only make your building healthier, but also to reduce the energy intensity of your building. And we are seeing a lot of traction with those audits and w are starting to see the day two activity come through, especially that combined with some of the stimulus funding that's starting to flow in this education vertical.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Steve, I think quarter one last year, you didn't really have at point in time service lockdowns and the complete absence of being able to service buildings physically. That really occurred quarter two and on. As I recall, it was pretty strong.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Strong in quarter one as well. I would say, around the world, as buildings were closed and you are delivering more digital services than physical services. So that changed. And you are seeing just a constant drumbeat towards more and more of the openings with the exception of important economies like India and Brazil, parts of Europe, as an example. Some parts of the Middle East. But it's a healthy recovery. It was a good sign for us to see growth in quarter, quarter one and service again really continuing along that pattern. And it doesn't appear that we are really going to see any fallout from a contractual basis at this point relative to our service base, which is the other thing you worry about when you see the economy stamping back and we seem to be renewing those relationships in those contractual agreements in an effective way.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, for sure, the trailer demand in North America, as I said earlier, I think there's a new tipping point there. It's 40,000 units, eight over the last nine years. So this is no longer a business that's going to dip down at least in North America into the 20s range. Thermo King is a very diverse business right now. So we are very happy with the growth rates we are seeing in trailer not only in the Americas but also in Europe. But because of our diversification, we are seeing growth in other areas as well, especially on the electric side with home delivery. We are very excited about some of the new products we have been able to develop there that are in the market today and more to come. And we are also this whole refrigerated container solution, really helping with the vaccine distribution and storage capability. And as vaccines now supply is starting to outpace demand, these vaccines, especially the mRNA ones need a place to be stored. And we have solutions for that on a global basis. And we are certainly helping out in areas like India working with the World Health Organization to make sure that they have the products that are required to make sure that they can get as many people vaccinated as possible.
Dave Regnery: Yes. When you say electrification of heat and heat pump, Canada became the poster child for that because it's an easy concept for people to understand. These are complex systems that really are combined boiler plant and chiller plant into a single unit which is capable of doing air-to-air or air-to-water, you know any combination you can think of using heat sources that would move from sewage to seawater to lake water to you name it. And so we are seeing this applied both on a building level, even on a city level. And we are seeing great wins there.
Dave Regnery: So I mean the only thing I would add, Andy, is just it's, as Mike said, today 95% of buildings operate with two silos, right. The cooling side would be the chiller plant and the heating side the boiler plant. But by combining them, you are really able to have an impact on efficiency. A conventional system has a, what we call, total energy ratio of two, meaning that every unit of energy that goes in, you have two coming out. When you are able to combine these two with our heat pump technology and our sophisticated controls and I won't go into detail for competitive reasons, but we are able to get total energy ratios of like four times conventional systems. So the value prop to our customers is very, very creative for them. And the value to the environment, these are very, very green solutions. So this is big market today for us in Europe and it's expanding very quickly.
Dave Regnery: Yes. John, I will start on the supply chain. I would tell you that we have a pretty robust process managing our supply chain. We have very detail roadmaps we developed early on during the pandemic. And we continue to execute to those. So I won't say it's easy because it's not. But I would tell you, our team is doing a great job of managing through any kind of constraints to make sure that we have the proper components so that we could manufacture our products and meet our customer's demand. So as far as the labor, I think was your second one. Again, yes, it's tight but we are managing through and we have some great processes in place that allow us to do that.
Dave Regnery: No, I totally agree. And that's why I made the comment earlier about office vertical. We are now starting to see a lot of activity there where six, nine months ago, we weren't saying a lot of indoor air quality audits there. But as people now are realizing that hopefully we could all get back to the office relatively soon, they need to start thinking about reopening. So that's driving a lot of demand there.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I think you see a lot of sort of optimism at this point, economic optimism out there. You are finding, I think, as you look at unemployment rates going down and really reaching, at some point, probably again at a very low level. And you compound that with this whole future of work that we are looking at and we have talked about it in the past, even in our own company. You are finding people with jobs and the likelihood of having a job with increased home values, with the notion that they are going to be spending more time at home. So again, I think this is just really an upgrade cycle phenomenon based on what we are seeing with COVID. But I don't really see it changing and pulling forward replacement. I think people are just opting right now to replace with whole systems to higher SEER systems. And I think that as you get into 2023 and some of those out years, you are going to find, I am sure we will see another change in regulations there and it's going to drive again more toward full system replacements with more expensive and more efficient systems. So I think it will be a good business, probably a GDP-plus business over the long run, possibly when you see regulations really impacting that as they have over the last decade.
Dave Regnery: Yes. This is Dave. I will start. I think most of you know our resi business, think of it as 50/50. 50, were direct. 50, we sell through the independent wholesale distributor channel. On the IWD side, we saw the sell-through was strong, okay, in the 20s. So we saw some strength there. Obviously the sell-in was stronger than that, as they filled some of their barns and their inventory. We are not seeing a significant build in their inventory levels from the visibility that we have. We have some pretty good visibility there. So it was just a solid quarter for our resi business. Our teams performed well. They executed to customer demands and we fulfilled and hopefully made a lot of homes more comfortable.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Jeff, it starts with really confidence in earnings and the ability to turn it into cash. And so it's really the commitment we have had for a long time about deploying cash to shareholders over time. And so the confidence there on $2.5 billion is really that. Further, there is a strong pipeline. We are very, very disciplined about how we look at acquisitions. We still feel the intrinsic value of our own share price offers opportunity. So I am confident that one way or the other, we will split it. But we will be able to spend it. But as I said on the last call, the pipeline is robust and I am sure that we will find some value before the end of the year there.
Mike Lamach: Julian, I would add a little bit by saying, we had a view that we thought would be a tailwind, 1% to 2%, with IAQ going forward. That's turning out to be right in last quarter and this quarter and it's near to the top of the pipeline and for the balance of the year. It's been pushing towards a 2% end of that range versus the 1% of that range. Over time, it's going to be difficult to necessarily parse that out as you get more design and more standards being written in a way that that's written in as opposed to a retrofit. But for now, we are seeing that pan out to be 1% to 2%, kind of trending closer to the 2%, which gets to the question as well about what's different and what's changed, an example of why is North America commercial a little bit better. It's because we are seeing strong uptick on the offerings that we have got.
Mike Lamach: Steve, I will take it. So for the full year revenue increase, call it, three points, we had a strong first quarter. So we are passing that on to the full year. We have got price increases to cover material inflation. That's being baked into the guide. And we are still HVAC predominantly company, right. The first quarter is kind of our lightest quarter of the year. So we have got some visibility into the second and some optimism around the second half of the year. So that's ultimately is driving the three point increase we are seeing on revenues right now, the Q1 beat pricing from actions here to control material inflation and then a little bit more optimism we are seeing in the second half. Your other question was on price cost. Yes, I think we expect that spread is going to narrow and we expect it will be flattish. Could it be net positive, 20, 30 basis points in the full year? It could be. But this is a volatile area, as we know. We are monitoring and tracking material inflation. And I wouldn't roll it off the table if we needed to another set of price increases depending on where that goes. But it could be net positive. But it would be kind of in that very low 20, 30 basis point range to flattish on the full year.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Thanks Andy. I will let Dave start that out and I can put a little color on the back-end, maybe.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Andy, the volatility always seems to come in the booking area, not so much on the revenue side of this thing, as we look at the heartbeat of our operations and units, it stays fairly constant. We don't get the volatility from a revenue perspective. And Dave's points are exactly on. I think what you are seeing here with some of the larger trailer customers, particularly in the U.S. would be looking out over a year and getting their orders in over the period of a year. So maybe that's a little bit different. Although the larger customers tend to give you an indication of what they are going to do for the year. Here, I think we have got a customer just lining up for firm orders earlier in the year.
Mike Lamach: The discussion today, it's happening in California, in North California. It's happening all over the world. And I think this is going to be a very important global strategy for net zero emissions in buildings, would be using the electrification of heat, with the absence of fossil fuel boilers. And the more you can green the grid, as they are doing particularly in Europe, you are going to get to a net zero solution on day one. And as we put sort of the next generation refrigerants into these systems, we are offering complete net zero solutions when there's sustainable power coming off the grid.
Mike Lamach: Yes. John, I think from our own internal labor perspective, we are fine. I think when you think about sort of the broader context of skilled trades doing large construction and infrastructure work, particularly in the U.S., if we were to pass a major infrastructure plan in the U.S., you tend to have less skilled trades people come back in after every downturn in the economy. We saw that in the 2008, 2009 time frame and it had the fact of taking institutional projects cycles out a bit longer to get them completed. And my sense is, you could se the same thing here which frankly in our world, it's fine. It's just really extends the new construction or retrofit portion of institutional construction, it extends that a little further.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Josh, when you think about non-commercial construction and you think about the 400 billion square feet of space around the world and you are going to see around people trying to figure this stuff out. And when you think about our portfolio of hundreds of thousands of customers that need help, if not more than a million that we have, it's very difficult to average this and so we always kind of think about things more on archetypes. You have got institutional customers that are critical to making the economy work. Think about healthcare, think about education. If there are healthy healthcare systems and there are healthy school districts or universities, they are going to move quicker. Healthy meaning, if property taxes or tax or bonds could be passed that may help to some extent. In other extent, if there would be stimulus that would be available to K-12 and higher education, that's going to help people in terms of progress. But it's very, very difficult. You could think about movie theaters, right. A year ago, six months ago, right, there wasn't really anything happening in terms of any investment going on in movie theaters. But as you think about those opening up, you are going to find that something like that. large retail complexes, retail malls are going to need to reengage with this stuff. There is no averages here. It really comes down to some archetypes between maybe institutional, healthy versus unhealthy commercial, perhaps markets that are healthy would be data centers, warehousing versus those that are going to be challenged which might be retail mall complexes in some regard to light commercial which you are seeing higher vacancies there. No averages there. But what we do have is a very good set of pipeline management tools and analytics that go into building pipelines from the ground up, from individual sales people in the field. And so there's a strong sense about what's in the pipeline and what the win rates, close rates might look like and the timeline there, which is what gives us some confidence to have some visibility through this. But it's not through averaging. And even the Dodge data, frankly, disconnects from our own data because of that, part of it because only 15% of our revenues can be explained through Dodge data and partly because we have got really good data coming through with the entire global sales force using more sophisticated pipeline tools to give us the actual details around pipeline and orders. Long winded answer to your question, there is no averages.
Mike Lamach: You are perhaps on the front-end of latter part which is some return to normalcy in some parts of the world, some parts of the economy, frankly. But largely, we are still very, very focused on the indoor air quality constraints, getting people to open safely, figuring out where investment dollars from our customer should be spent with regard to the facilities. And so really early innings, frankly, around reopening, in my mind.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Six to nine months, Josh, we would have been advising our customers on the kinds of technologies and things that they could do, really educating the marketplace largely on what the potential strategies could be versus actually the commercial office space now getting in and helping them execute those audits and those plans. So it's moved from conceptual, what do I do, to specifically, what am I going to do open this facility and building.
Mike Lamach: Scott, what I love about Lean is, it never stops. The old adage, you don't have to be bad to get better, really applies. One of my favorite stories was in our Tyler operations in residential, where we had the roof collapse on a part of the production system there. Team goes to work. You are working weekends and mornings and nights and shifts. And comes back with adding 20% capacity to a smaller footprint. And it's the sense of really challenging impossible. We say it around the company, it's true. And I don't see it. We are looking at scenarios. Obviously, TK is one where we are seeing a strong snapback in orders. But we have got playbooks built for different volumes in a lot of our facilities, still the opportunity to run a third shift or a weekend. So we have got a lot of capacity, theoretical capacity that can be turned into actual capacity very quickly. So I do not see the need for us to add for the sake of handling demand. I do think there is an effort that we are taking on to think about resiliency differently inside the company. And you could think about that in the context of climate change and other risks that would be involved with all companies. But where do we need to have resiliency in the supply chain or additional resiliency in our own manufacturing operations. So that resiliency would be more of what we are looking at versus pure capacity.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Scott, you are right. It would take a day and this is what our passion is. What I would tell you as an initial step, would be to ask investors to go to our website and look at our just published ESG report. It's about 100 pages long. But there's short ways to kind of recap and go through it. Get a sense for the totality of what we are doing and the metrics. And you will find a tremendous amount of transparency there about sort of where we are and where we are going. So it lays out that roadmap specifically that you are asking. And so we are really excited about this and we think that as investors kind of dig into that, you will get an absolute sense for the answer to your question. So the ESG report just published on our website, please take a read.
Mike Lamach: Yes. I will start. I mean we had a very strong quarter, obviously for res. And I would tell you that, not to talk too much about Q2, but that April was another strong month as we thought it would be. I don't believe that it's taking out of the future. I think people are working from home. They realize that being in a comfortable environment is important. We are seeing an uptick in the SEERs that we are selling. So people are going for the higher SEER product. We don't see that really, really pulling ahead, if that's where your question is, demand from 2022 and 2023.
Mike Lamach: Yes. And just to clarify too, you got to look at them in years, right. You can't really look at first half last year because it was really low and then the second half last year was really strong. In totality, low single digits to mid single digits is kind of the range that it's been in. So the swings happened really by the quarters which were driven by the pandemic.
Mike Lamach: Well, first of all, Simon and the Melrose team did a great job with that business. It's a bit of parts that would have ranged from bathroom exhaust fans and kitchen hoods, all the way through to some interesting data center technology. So obviously, that's something that we would have looked at very closely and done our homework around that. Ultimately, it's part of that business which would have made great sense for us and parts of the business which really wouldn't have made sense for us. So I think that's indicative of just staying disciplined around the process and kind of what we pay for things. But yes, I think the pipeline is robust. I mean, again, 88%-plus of what we look at is strategic in nature, meaning it's something that would have been discussed in our strategies before it becomes something that shows up on an M&A screen. There's always 20% of the ideas that are out there that come from different sources and people. We don't think of every good idea nor do we want to. So we look at those as well. So obviously, the activity is high, valuations are relatively high and we are just going to be selective through that, Nigel. And my hope is we can lean further into it and find the right deals for us.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Joe, thanks for the follow-up because that's part of the dilemma. The answer is no. There's not any gaps in the portfolio. There's nothing strategically that we feel is lacking. And so there's a more discerning eye spent on it. And of course, we don't want to do M&A for the sake of M&A. I think that could be value destructive. So the answer is no. So therefore, we found novel technologies that just need some scale and a home to develop them or we found potentially bringing inside the channel partners that we may not have been running the service business and therefore, we can do an effective job running the service business and with our systems. So those have been what we have seen. Again, we are looking at both channel and some of the technologies that are out there, but some of the scale here can be smaller. Interestingly, I think through the pandemic, I always talk about sort of the largest four HVAC companies and then kind of players five through 15. I do think that there could be consolidation still in five through 15. But one of the things I think we are realizing through the downturn is it's a much heavier concentration through the pandemic of the top four. And I think it makes a lot of that merger potential and opportunity that's here. I think it's more restrictive. I think it certainly has got more hurdles to clear. So you could find value in some of the more sizable company, sort of, five through 15 or five through 80, because they actually go that far, if you incorporate some of the Western European, which is very fragmented. There's some players there that they get fairly small. But those are the opportunities, I think, that might be of scale for us.
Mike Lamach: One thing is, really, if we go back now really 10 years, the one thing I can tell you is that operating system is not different. And so we really had great success over long period of time in doing that. But the difference back in that really volatile 2016, 2017 time period was that it became very speculative in areas like copper. And it was something that it was very difficult to really understand the veracity at which it was changing and the speed it was changing. Here, the visibility towards the changes have been little bit easier for us to recognize and see and a little bit more capability switching between some of the commodities. Copper and aluminum has helped us over time kind of mitigate some of that as well. So the systems have not changed. The topline, margin expansion, operating system fundamentals in the company are exactly the same, just a bit more predictable in the rate of change here versus the volatility of the last one.
Mike Lamach: Yes. The data that I saw, I think, it might have been like, were three months. Let's just use that. I think it's pretty close to being what you think would be sort of a run of the mill inventory level would be. It might be 3.5 months. So there might be two weeks, which I think is prudent basis where we were last year and some of the underestimation that distribution had. So it's marginally increased, but not enough where any flags would be raised.
