MikeLamach: Yes. Scott, it's too early to say, but we're looking at just sort of human behavior and in the lasting effects of what a pandemic would do to society and we see a little bit happening through our lens in China, although you can't draw exact parallels between the two. One thing for sure is that the ability to really monitor your indoor air quality and to design and make sure that from a maintenance perspective and all the controls and automation that go into making sure that it's effectively working, I think you're going to see sort of more density per square foot of all that and perhaps codes that in some parts of the world, which may have not been you know up to us I think which standard I think will change, as well food transportation codes and standards change I think going forward as well. So probably when you get through this it puts an importance. And I think particularly as buildings become tighter and tighter in terms of their design, I am talking about the envelop with the building, it’s so critical to make sure that you’re having fresh air exchange in the building, a typical building depending on what it does, might have half a dozen to dozens of 100% air changes in an hour. And the ability to make sure that’s happening and that you’re killing pathogens in - or you can in the system, or pressuring appropriately or diffusing air, or diluting air is going to be even more critical. So I think it bears a lot of opportunity going forward. I mean it's hard to - we did get through this right now, but I think the other round of it probably has more opportunity than not.
MikeLamach: Yes, Scott. If you think about, you mentioned hotels, but you could throw like retail. That’s a small part of our business, I mean retails is an example, we’ve never over last decade focused much on national accounts at all, as an example. And so if you think about our relatively high share in Unitarian and light unitary, the smallest share by design we would have, would be in retail. And if you go into hotels, the place where we play in hotels is sort of in the lobby and in the common areas. And in the larger and more complicated spaces, we really don't play in sort of individual rooms. And so the vacancy of a hotel isn't going to matter if the hotel's open, we're going to be providing equipment and services. So that is a little different, maybe a decade ago I would have said we would have had more focus on retail and national accounts and that's changed over the decade.
MikeLamach: Yes, that's a great question. And the first thing I would tell you is that, anybody that thinks they're going to forecast a number is only going to be surprised when the forecast meets the real world, the first minute. So the notion of really doing scenario planning is something that we've been living with for a long, long time. And although we would have done scenario planning in the past, it would have been around a general recession. So a pandemic is something new with regard to just the behavioral changes in the way that say in our case buildings would even be closed or limited in terms of access for service. And so, the pandemic, it's offered really sort of a different scenario. But once you move through the initial pandemic phase and we think through to Scott’s earlier question, where the opportunities lie going forward. It's more useful than to think about scenarios, and what open now which is done or adapt from duration of that recession. So, for us, we've looked at, I would say in increments of five points of revenue decline. One of the series of actions that we would need to take on top of the actions are already taken and hence having a playbook to do that and give us some confidence that we can maintain a reasonable amount gross margin, detrimental would be in line with that. But in doing that, we don't think there's an opportunity that we’re even doubling down in areas of innovation or doubling down in areas of productivity. Because the key to this for us is, we entered this thing, I think with a pretty wide gap relative to some of the competition and we want to come out of this with an even wider gap. And we've never been in a better position from liquidity and a talent and a technology perspective to be able to do that. So, it would be a tragedy not to really invest but things at once we can manage the decrement polls, and we can continue to really double down the important investments for growth and productivity.
MikeLamach: Yes, it's always the strategy what needs to drive M&A and so the idea is that we would 80%, 90% of the ideas that we have would be really defined by the strategy and that hasn't changed around technology and channel for us and they tend to be really in buckets. It's the easy bolt-on technology is that need a channel or it's the channel that adding our technology would make that channel really work. Those are easy for us to do. I would tell you that are something that we're still very active with. I think some of the larger more transformative things that a company could do like ours. I think the bid ask is widened in this environment, but it makes sense over time really to have liquidity in the balance sheet to be able to look at those sorts of things if in fact, the bid ask narrow. In fact, they become attractive so we would keep all options on the table and again, this is about playing aggressive offence where we can. In a way, Jeff, our timing was unlucky. We caught a large acquisition and had hung bridge loan in April and we couldn't have been in a worse position and then you fast forward and between announcing and closing the RMT transaction in 10 months or what couldn't have been any better. And so, we really need to capitalize on that good fortune and make sure that we're parlaying that into a really good future that we can invest for the long run.
MikeLamach: Yes, I'm going to give that to Dave here. But let me kick off just a thought kind of going forward. Our business in China really is on institutional, large commercial equipment with the growing service business that service businesses, a quarter to a third of the mix, which of course, was heavily impacted. So, we recognize revenue when we ship like a chiller, or we recognize revenue when we complete a service engagement and build a client. So, there's very little progress billing or percent complete accounting that would go on smooth that out. So, it would look outsized for us because, we weren't shipping chillers. I mean, conversely, the backlog of chillers to ship in China is fairly substantial. And I think what Dave will tell you are that we're seeing it returned back to prior levels at this point.
MikeLamach: Yes. Andy, I would say that clearly a service business is not an antidote to a pandemic, it is an antidote to recession and as we moved through pandemic concerns into whatever the new normal would be going forward for building occupancy and services absolutely, we would expect to see as we have in every downturn, every recession, you're going to see capital extended and here in particular, you're going to have large commercial, large institutional customers looking at making sure that airflow air changes, diffusion, dilution, pressurization filters, are all going to be in tip top shape. So, really for us, I think that that's going to Dave's point, require every technician we've got, and it's going to require more connected buildings because customers are going to want that service as opposed to people that don't need to be in your building, right. I mean, there's no point in coming out to a facility if you don't need to if you can diagnose it first in advance and maybe even fix it remotely, which often we can do. That's going to be an opportunity. And that's a great way for us to deliver service at even higher margins and physically delivering services.
MikeLamach: Yes, Julian. First of all, in Americas, somewhat $40 million revenue differential. So the absolute dollars are relatively small for the size of the business. Actually that the detrimental is there. The cause - the first cause was not the mix with transport or the mix of service. It was really the response we took with regard to the COVID crisis. And just to give you a sense, if you ever wonder if we actually walked the talk in terms of what we say about our values around safety, we always think about March being half of the quarter. And we always think about the last week of March being half of March. And so a quarter-over-quarter if you follow all that math is the last week of March. We actually pulled the end on cord, March 23 and shut down all of our factories in Europe and in the Americas. And prioritize only the orders that were essential going into fighting COVID. And that would have ranged in 10% to 15% of the orders. We had a couple of factories where for a short time; it might have been 40% of the orders. During that time of course, you lose that absorption. But when we sent people home, we sent them home and topped up their pay to make sure they're paid their full wages or the equivalent. So any gap with any unemployment benefits would have been topped up. We made all the wage increases around the globe for any hourly associate or any service technician proceeded as planned. So we didn't delay those. We actually put them through as planned. We reclassified our medical plan. So that COVID testing and preventive care would be at no cost to employees that telemedicine visits will be added at no cost to our employees. We amended our 401-k plan. So not only do we not cut our 401-k match, we amended our plans to make sure that people could take out up to $100,000 in delayed loan repayments for a year. We provided backup childcare and elder care programs for people with minimal, very small copays so that they could come to work takes some of the stress off. We extended our employee assistance program with programs for financial emotional, legal, and other support and hardships. And so all those things are things we took but the biggest cost was taking some 25,000 jobs. And literally reconfiguring all the lines and workstations and then making sure we had all the PPE in before people came back to work. And so all of that was so that we can go faster in the long run. And people would feel safer. And when people feel safe, they come to work. There's not absenteeism. We're not shutting down factories to clean them. And that is where cost came in. So, you look at the job in Asia, the job in Europe and deleverage in the teens and look at the Americas on the small revenue, kind of decline of $40 million. And I don't want anybody to read too much into that. So before we start talking about taking costs out, which we've got all the actions loaded. And we can talk about that, if you'd like. You have to think about sort of doing the right thing, which is what we did and what we always would do, and we will do, and I would make that decision every single time if given that decision again.
MikeLamach: I’ll start, Julian, this is Mike. I would say that if you go back to the 09 timeframe, I want to say we were three times, 3x plus cash to net income. So, we know how to get cash out of the business in a significant downturn. So, I would look for extraordinary operating cash flow in a down 25 scenario. Just so, if you go back to the 09 timeframe, you get approve positive on that point. So I am not sure if that analysis that you’re doing would be correct in that regard. Chris, do you want to add to that.
MikeLamach: Yes, John, what I'd say, more than anecdotally if somebody is calling for service in the Americas right now, they're going to be in a critical infrastructure, a critical essential role. So, we're not getting phone calls from somebody, that's not operating or not running. So, we're in hospitals, we're in pharma, we're in food and bev, we're in datacenters would be a huge. That's the places where we are today.
MikeLamach: And I don't know of any state really that's blocked, sort of that essential activities. So, even the most stringent states, obviously healthcare and such, we're in there servicing.
DavidRegnery: Scott, this is Dave. So we’re pretty confident in our backlog especially in the HVAC space, a lot of it is in the applied world. We haven’t seen a lot of cancellations there, its - we actually haven’t seen many at all, it’s pretty normal. Our TK backlog, a little bit more concerned with that. We have seen some cancellations, but it's pretty low right now. So, overall I’d say we’re pretty confident around the globe in our backlog and we haven’t seen anything that would lead us to believe that won’t happen.
DavidRegnery: We talked about the EMEA, I am sorry, the Americas number was up the mid sing digit, correct. EMEA was slightly down and that was really driven by the Middle East, actually Europe was up. And Asia Pacific was the hardest hit, Steve, by the pandemic as it obviously hit there first. And it was down double-digits.
DavidRegnery: Yes, obviously, it was down in Asia Pacific. Globally it just did not perform as well as we thought it should have. Actually, flattish in the Americas but again we expect more out of that and we have had some disruption getting on job sites really in all aspects of the service business, whether it be service agreements, whether it be break fix, we have had some disruption. But with that said, Steve, I want you to take away, we've also saw some opportunities on it with our intelligent services and we've been added a long-time getting buildings connected. And we have over 20,000 buildings connected now and really seeing the benefit there. Customers are really seeing the benefit of being able to have those buildings serviced remotely. And diagnose if there's something wrong. As Mike said indoor air quality and in buildings is obviously there's a lot of talk about that. It's a very important aspect of our business. We're really good at it. There is lot of science around it and as office buildings around the world start ramping back up our service techs is on call to make sure we could help our customers.
DavidRegnery: Yes, Andrew, we have the incoming order rate for April was actually as we're still rolling up the numbers here looks like it's going to be a little bit favourable to last year, there is probably some pent-up demand there. I would tell you though, that as we track our pipeline, and this is the orders that haven't yet been booked, but they're actively being quoted, the pipeline is actually starting to show positive movements as well and that's, that's really what we start looking at is the pipeline, because that's a really good indicator as to what future activity would be. We're still watching it. But April was - April's a good sign and well, certainly a lot of attention to it in the in the rest of the quarter.
DavidRegnery: Yes, No. I mean and maybe a little bit early to see that. But first of all, your first question, yes, we do see services outperforming the equipment in the second quarter, so it will not be down 20%. We expect that to be hopefully more in the flattish range. Your second question, do we see opportunities in services? Absolutely, one of the things that as we talked about our playbook if we have a downturn, one of the things that we're protecting is our expertise in service really around our service technicians. We're kind of ring fencing that to say that that's an area we're not going to go we're going to try to cut costs. We're protecting that because we know that as the economy snaps back, and individuals start going back to offices to work, indoor air quality is going to be super important and how you're able to help those customers understand air quality and have solutions for them. We're really going to leverage our service business in that way.
DavidRegnery: Yes, John it's a good question. On a contractual basis, our service business is about 30%, okay. And within that 30%, there are lots of different service contracts that we have. We have a whole portfolio of different contracts. So some include parts, some do not. So there is some parts demand that's generated from that 30%. Then you move into the break fix world where it's broken. They give us a call we come out and we fix in. And then you also have a planned maintenance where you'll actually proactively plan with the customer to do a major replacement or a major overhaul on a piece of equipment.
