Michael Lamach: Yes. Steve, so half of it would have been really in commercial HVAC and then a small portion would have been residential, a very small balance being TK for the most part. So that would total something in the $80 million range. What I'd say to you is that, and I don't necessarily talk about sort of third quarter, but I will say we looked at what was happening with bookings in the first few weeks of July very carefully, and they came in very strong. So I don't think that there's going to be an issue there for us with any hiccups in the quarter. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I think -- sure, I think for the full year '18, Steve, the best way to think about that, the headline would be that I'd expect Climate margins to improve, say, 10, 20 basis points overall. And the pricing has been loaded in. And the productivity is something that, across the company, I always talk about the health of the pipeline. We look to make sure that 125% of what we need is in the Q. The calendarized version or the part of the perpetuity pipeline that is being worked comes down to a monthly and quarterly view. And that monthly and quarterly view would support the productivity side. So I would say with bookings where they are and the health of the end markets, with pricing, the effectivity of pricing being good, what I mean by that is the pace at which price was received and to the extent we were able to get the price that we were looking for, it's as good as I've seen. And the productivity calendarization looks good. When you net that all it out, I think you end up with 10, 20 basis point improvement for the full year implying a pretty good back half. 
Michael Lamach: 2018, it's not necessarily that material to the company. And -- but the early days has been -- it's been excellent, it's been exciting and the teams are off to a great start. They're active in the market and it's performing as we would have hoped. So all systems are go and positive on that front. 
Michael Lamach: Actually, we think Industrial remains strong. Everything is pointing forward. We're looking at probably a 2-year high now in terms of Industrial productivity. We're seeing strength across the world. We're seeing services grow at about the rate of equipment. So no, I think, for the most part, we see sort of steady as she goes in Industrial. 
Michael Lamach: Well, you've got a little bit of that first $50 billion in tariffs coming through in July and August, on those 2. So I think that the safe view of that, at this point, would be the original guidance we have, which is a flat back half. We saw great price effectivity in the second quarter. It was beyond what we thought, but I think we need to pace ourselves based on the changes that happened with tariffs, and the dates of implementation and how those lists might change. But we think that we're managing it really effectively and that we've got a plan and contingencies around how to manage changes that we would get on the tariff front. By the way, it's not just tariffs, it's inflation. We really have a region-for-region strategy. And so if you think about the impact we're seeing, it's not so much on the actual tariff, it's on the derivative effect of commodities in the region increasing because they can as a result of tariffs. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I think the market data was released already, Steve, so we grew share in the quarter. We know that. And If you look across the board, and I know you'd love the detail on this, but let me just tell you that on the Climate segment itself, when you think about the revenue growth rate for the segment, we didn't have more than 1 point of variance globally across HVAC or transport or residential. So it was a really good uniform performance. And then North America specifically, when you look at applied unitary and service, everything there was, say, 15%, 16% plus growth. And so that was really strong across the whole range which probably tells you what you're asking, I think, at that point. 
Michael Lamach: There is not a lot of variability around price effectivity around the globe for us at this point, Jeff. And that's part of, if you will, the surprise here. So the margin improvement in China is going really well, and that would've been the points we would have been talking about a couple of quarters ago. But that's going really well and there's not enough differentiation globally to really kind of point out here in that space. Now I mean clearly, we are covering and have been covering material inflation in every business, with the exception of our global commercial HVAC business, and what we're seeing there is that, that gap is flattening and improving with the increases that have been put out in the marketplace. 
Michael Lamach: Jeff, we're ready to build and ship more, so send us orders and we'll get it to you. Yes, no, it's a good time, and we need to make hay when the sun's shine. We all understand that and that's what's happening. So we don't have any capacity issues at this point in time. 
Michael Lamach: Jeff, a good example here is that it's one of the better gross productivity years, if not the best, in terms of the absolute dollars that we've ever had. So although the bridge shows that to be flat, that's absorbing 20 basis points of freight in that equation, as an example, that would haven't been planned, which will show up a bit in price. So this stuff, to Sue's point, is moving around between price and productivity, and it improves in the back half of the year. But to get to the arithmetic math -- the arithmetic equation there, we'll follow up with you. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. The market is growing something in the 5% range, so we're growing in multiples of the market there. And it's in the areas that we would expect, which is the applied systems and some of the larger infrastructure projects and in some of the geographies that we weren't covering as deeply as in the past. So that is a strategy, that's what's being executed. It's being executed very well, and the margin profile and linkage to service continues to improve. So it's been a great success. It's probably one of the greatest successes we've had in the past year or so has been that whole strategy, and I would continue -- I would expect that to continue. 
Michael Lamach: Well same equation in China applies here. We build about 95% of what we sell in China in China and the supply chain is localized. So yes, it's the same equation as we have here region-in-region. 
Michael Lamach: Well, some of the bigger growers in the quarter would have been applied and it would have been compression technologies equipment. So in essence, we're building to 2019 as we speak. And I would say a lot of that is our view toward building a profile for '19. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, in terms of the market, we called out Asia specifically, and that's true, it was really across all of the oil-free technologies, which would be centrifugal and oil-free rotary combined, but also strength in some of the quick ship or the quick book and turn business, short-cycle compressors were strong as well. Service growth across the board is really stepping up. That team has done an outstanding job of taking the operating system for sales excellence and really putting that into how they manage for daily improvement. And so the coverage of the market, the activity we're seeing through that coverage in the market is much stronger than we've seen in the past. Well, that's part of the playbook that we actually stole from the HVAC China business, if you will, in terms of how we're thinking about covering the market more fully and differently there. So -- but North America was good. It was strong as well. We saw that in Contact Cooled, it's a technology. We see that implant there. Centrifugal sort of going into general industry, that's been good as well. 
Michael Lamach: No. We wouldn't do that, if we thought it was better we'd rolled that through, but that's the roll-off we've got at this point in time, and [ certainly ] that's going to be a combination of mix and timing of projects. So I think it's a good forecast where we think the year is going to end at this point. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean, we're seeing, again, there's very little variability between unitary, applied, controls and service. It's just a strong healthy global environment for us, really all regions of the world. There were no large performance contracts in there and something that would skew the results. That's really important to know. So because you're seeing such strength in applied, you're generally finding longer lead projects. And so if anything there, again, you're building quarter 1, quarter 2 of '19 backlog, which we're already well into that based on customer timing. 
Michael Lamach: Well, really, it's the best price effectivity I've seen in 33 years of going through this, both in the urgency to get it done and in the ability to maximize what it was that we were asking for. So the combination of that got us a bit ahead of the curve, which is great, further along than we thought we'd be in Q2. And then the ability to absorb the first $50 billion into the pricing that we put out in the marketplace would be the success there. As it relates to copper specifically, we ladder and hedge, and so yes, it's great that things are moving down. But as you kind of enter quarter 3 and the back half of the year, a smaller percentage of the spend is really in the spot market, we begin to lock that in. So if it continues, we'll see some benefit, but that would be reflected in the locks that we would be doing going into 2019 at this point. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I mean, globally, as we tracked proposal activity, and we look at what's happening in the market, Nigel, things are strong all over the world for us. And it fundamentally comes down to, in most parts of the world, it's a replacement business, 80%, 85% of most -- what we're seeing in North America, Europe, for sure, and the Middle East is going to be replacement business, and even China. And some of the newer economies are 50/50 in terms of replacement/new construction. And so what's happening is when you can build an equation that has economic value and a payback related to energy productivity, energy efficiency. And if we're able to couple that with a story that helps customers achieve their greenhouse gas emission or sustainability goals, there is a demand creation opportunity out there that's really not factored into how people might look at particular put-in-place or market data across the globe. So it truly is a secular tailwind tied to this whole nexus of energy efficiency and sustainability. And I think that, that's a long-lived phenomenon. You heard me in my opening and close that really relates to the fact that I think as you see more urbanization, you see more pressure on energy and the environment and you think about what businesses we're in, where HVAC is such a major contributor to building efficiency and to greenhouse gas emissions, followed by transport and refrigeration, followed by industrial processes, we're in the right businesses to have an impact. And so I think that's a big part of it. The product portfolio, the investments in controls and digital, the investments in the channel really just go to support that model that we think is the right model. 
Michael Lamach: Well, you're definitely seeing utilization rates across most of the economies in the world increasing up to critical points where you are finding expansion opportunities. So to me, what's really happening in the Compression Technologies business is the market coverage we're taking on and the investments we're making in covering the service opportunities in the markets has taken on a whole different sense of urgency. That connectivity strategy that Todd talked about for really a couple of years at this point in time is something that's showing up in the results in a meaningful way. 
Michael Lamach: No. I think that we could see Q3, Q4. I think these are -- sort of landing gear is down on a couple of these. So I think that quarter 3, quarter 4 would be my guess. 
Michael Lamach: No, no, it wouldn't. The contribution there is going to be just fine. In gross margins, you'll see a little bit, but the contributions will be accretive. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean, really you're seeing applied, which I would link to Institutional growing at the same rate as unitary, growing at the same rate as service. 
Michael Lamach: Rich, specifically on the deals done, they're integrating well, and we're achieving what we thought we would achieve, which had a high threshold. So I don't think any changes with the guidance we gave you around '18 and '19 around contribution. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, from a U.S. perspective first, you've got tight shipping capacity, you've got regulatory changes, you've got the impact from U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, immediate expensing, all that's going to drive some opportunity. You are right, I mean, technology is a major difference. If you think about what's going across the road in a refrigerated trailer, really any Class A tractor, the need to manage the diesel engine and reduce fuel consumption to manage the refrigeration cycle, the energy and any greenhouse gas emissions coming off those units and to supplement that with auxiliary power units when the vehicles are idling, it's a big opportunity that I think continues for a long period of time. I mean, ultimately like you're seeing with vehicles -- consumer vehicles, you're going to see more electrification of that over time. And that certainly, what we're doing now with some of the hybrid applications as well as the telematics investments that we've made across the portfolio. 
Michael Lamach: Well history would say that it doesn't happen, that there isn't a destruction over time. And so I rely a lot on history, and I would also rely on a lot of the discipline that happens within the industries themselves. And so the structure of the industry is something we do look at, but we're not seeing any changes to historical patterns here. 
Michael Lamach: Joel, Club Car was the weakest, just marginally negative and the strongest would have been CTS and material handling, albeit material handling being a smaller business. But CTS would have been additive, Club Car would have been dilutive and power and fluid management right in the hunt there. So that's the rundown there. 
Michael Lamach: No, I said actually refrigerated freight mile is up about 30%, which is great for our TK business, and we were seeing dry freight, at that time, up in the market about 15%. I didn't actually say what our rate increases were. I did say earlier on the call though that there's a 20 basis point impact in the productivity/other inflation bridge that we've got. So if you take that bridge, which shows flat, there's a 20 basis point headwind associated with freight in that number. So that's the impact that we're seeing. And by the way, a lot of the [indiscernible] -- Andrew, and lot of the productivity initiatives, not a lot, but a number of productivity initiatives in the third and fourth quarter are looking at ideas that we've got around freight and warehousing. And so that's sort of an exciting thing that we're thinking about. We started that about a year ago. It's a bit fortunate, if you will, that we've got that kind of teed in for the Q3, Q4 this year, so that should help with that equation dramatically. 
Michael Lamach: No. We'll ship all you want. Again, send us your orders. We're happy to do that, and we've got no problem building them and shipping them. 
Michael Lamach: Well, we employ a lot of people in China. We've got factories and technology and product built for the market. And so in China, we think of ourselves as a Chinese company. In the U.S., we think about ourselves about -- as a U.S. company. Fundamentally we're a global company, and we've got to act that way in the markets that we serve. So to your question specifically, no. We haven't seen any reaction to that one way or the other. 
Michael Lamach: I have to think about that. There really was a second price increase which would have happened, depending on the business, kind of midway through the year. So we wouldn't have had a lot in there for -- meaningfully on this. Certainly, it would have looked at material inflation and news around freight, 232 and 301, and we're trying to get on top of that as it was happening. So David, we'd probably have to come back and answer that. But it's not something meaningfully popping out on the bridge to say that, that is such a difference that -- from where we were originally. 
Michael Lamach: David, I'd probably say maybe 1 point to 120 basis points for the full year would be price. Everything else is going to be pretty well volume. 
Michael Lamach: David, I guess, our math is a little bit different, too, by the way. I mean, to get to a 10, 20 basis point expansion in Climate for the full year, we're going to have to get something like 50, 60 basis points of improvement in the back half of the year. That implied leverage organically of somewhere between, let's say, 23% and 25%. So we'll [indiscernible] 
Michael Lamach: High level, David, I'd say that, and Sue said, the 232s and 301s really hit the Climate segment much more, if not almost exclusively, with the Industrial business. And so to my mind, you've got more headwind there to offset. There is more price in the back half obviously than there would be in the first half. You've got direct material inflation, which continues in the second half to be a bit larger than the first half. But sure enough, the math for the mid -- showing up -- shoring up the math to the raise, we can work with you later on and kind of compare notes. 
Susan Carter: Yes, I haven't done the math. But what I would say, Jeff, is when we think about this through the entire P&L is we're not just working off of that equation, we're working off of all the different elements. And so as we point out to you on productivity, we're continuing to put productivity projects into the pipeline because there are other elements that are inflationary and moving around in the P&L, too. So we can certainly come back to you on that answer. But my general overall answer is, I'm going to manage everything that is on the P&L to get to the guidance that we've provided and that we're going to hit for 2018. 
Susan Carter: Yes. I think that's right, Joe. When we think about that, the goal that I would have is to get ourselves to the point where, in 2019, that, that blended rate gets through our locks and that sort of dollar cost averaging that we're doing on a copper buy comes down overall. So we never lock, as we've told you, to the full amount of the commodity, 75% at the beginning of a quarter. So we do get some benefits on any purchase that we're going to make from those prices coming down. But I would look at that as more of an opportunity for 2019 as we go forward. So it's always good because we are always buying all 3 of the commodities. So we'll certainly take advantage of any price drops that we get. 
Susan Carter: Well, so what you did see, as we look at the M&A activity that has impacted cash flow in the first half, so $286 million. That is the announcement that -- or the committed transactions, the ICS Cool Energy as well as Mitsubishi that we had committed at year-end. But I think one of the things that I would do, Rich, just as you think about this is, I'll step you back to almost a capital allocation and sort of broaden out your question, which, as we think about capital allocation, we think about investing in the business, first, having a strong dividend, second, and then having the remainder split off between M&A and share buyback if the stock is trading below its intrinsic value. If you look at the first half of the 2018 and I follow that along, so we've got heavier CapEx in 2018 related to some of the footprint optimization as well as the new product development that I talked about in the prepared remarks. So that's actually $163 million. We've got the dividends that we talked about of $222 million. We've also got the share buyback of $500 million and the M&A of $286 million. So in the first half of the year, we've actually deployed over $1 billion of the excess cash that we've got. And so M&A is a part of it. We're going to continue to look at the pipeline, but I just wanted to take the opportunity to point out how strong the capital allocation has really been in the first half. 
Susan Carter: Yes, on the share buyback, the way that we modeled this, Joel, for purposes of the guidance is absolutely consistent with where we started out the year. So we put a placeholder in for $500 million, which, as you know, we've completed. But that isn't the capital allocation strategy. The capital allocation strategy says we're looking to deploy the excess cash and that we're going to look at the M&A pipeline as well as more share buyback to absolutely finish out the capital deployment for the year. So the model today with the guidance is consistent with where we started out the year with the $500 million. 
Susan Carter: No. Because -- David, the way that I would think about that is with the pricing and generally your -- again your pricing realization in the neighborhood of 1% to 2% is going to kind of flow through. So it might move the growth slightly, but it's not going to be the biggest factor in changing the growth. It's really coming out of the volume that's occurring out of the end markets as opposed to pricing or FX or acquisitions, which basically are having about the same impact as the original guidance. 
Susan Carter: But I'm thinking out loud, David, as we go through this. But I think what you have to do with all of this is you can't just parse out a couple of pieces. And it really is important to understand that the majority of the big inflationary items are occurring in the Climate segment of the business and that as we're looking at the Climate segment itself over the second quarter, you're actually seeing an improvement in the overall margins for the quarter. So we're offsetting the headwinds and continuing to improve margins in the business. 
