Dave Regnery: Thanks, Mike. Please go to Slide 5. Third quarter impacts of the global pandemic drove further contraction from 2019 levels in the majority of our key end markets. Despite these headwinds, our global teams remain focused and agile and delivered positive revenue and 7% bookings growth in the quarter. In the Americas, the economy is slowly progressing forward, but the situation remains tenuous. Our America segment delivered growth in both bookings and revenue in the third quarter, up 8% in bookings and 2% in revenues. In the Americas, our commercial HVAC business has remained resilient through 2020 with Q3 bookings down low-single digits and revenue remaining flat with prior year. Services continue to outperform equipment, but remain challenged by pandemic specific downturn impacts primarily related to low building occupancy rates and other building closures related to ongoing health and safety concerns. Our teams have been effective and efficient at adapting to the changing landscape and capturing opportunities to outgrow market conditions in areas such as indoor air quality assessments and services. Strong performance in our residential HVAC business enabled us to take advantage of strong growth in both replacement and new construction markets in the third quarter. Residential bookings are up more than 30% and revenues are up high-teens in the quarter. Backlog remains at record levels entering Q4. Our transport refrigeration business outperformed the overall markets which were down more than 30% in the quarter. Revenues were down over 20%, bookings were positive in the quarter up low-single digits. Turning to EMEA, the overall EMEA market continues to be challenged but teams continue to execute well. EMEA delivered positive bookings growth of 6% in the quarter with growth In both commercial HVAC and transport refrigeration. Revenues again outgrew underlying market conditions down 6% overall. Commercial HVAC bookings were up high-single digits, while revenues were down mid-single digits. Services outperformed equipment, but are still constrained by pandemic specific downturn impacts noted earlier. EMEA transport bookings were positive in the quarter, up low-single digits. Revenues were down high single digits, outperforming the broader transport markets, which were down more than 20%. Asia-Pacific results continue to be mixed, with overall bookings down 5% and revenues down 2%. China continues to show signs of relatively steady improvement. Having made the most progress against the pandemic, growth in China was more than offset by declines in the rest of Asia, where a number of countries have yet to turn the tide on the pandemic and begin on the path of recovery. Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Chris to discuss the results of our quarter in more detail.
Dave Regnery: Jeff, this is Dave, I'll start and Mike and Chris can add on. But yeah, we're very happy with our service businesses really globally. They've outperformed the equipment, despite the pandemic. And there's a lot of office buildings that are still - in the occupied, there's a lot of buildings that are not occupied at all with closures. We have schools that, various degrees of when students are actually coming back. So, despite all of that, our service business is still growing and it's outperforming our equipment business.
Dave Regnery: Yeah, I mean, I would tell you that we continue to see strong customer demand and momentum in indoor air quality number one. And just take a step back, when we do an assessment, Jeff, it's not a check the box. So, these assessments take hundreds of hours to complete. And we take a very holistic approach when we look at the building. So, we it's not just changing out one item within a system, it really has to be a systems approach, otherwise, you can make some very bad decisions for the end customer. Our audits fall past ways, best practices, we ensure the building equipment is operating, the way it was designed. You then start looking at opportunities to improve the indoor air quality, whether that be on the filtration side, whether that be on the fresher exchange side. We also look at sensors to prove the humidity levels, temperature occupancy, that's all part of what we would do for our customers. What we do is we lay out for our customers a very layered approach. So we'll tell the customer what we will do on day one to get the building operating the best they can with the current assets in place. And then we'll give them a roadmap for the future. And that roadmap could be if they wanted to increase the fresh air exchanges to a greater degree, they may need additional cooling capacity. It could be, as Mike alluded to earlier on the energy side, where there's energy projects that could actually reduce the tax that we put on the building to bring the indoor air quality up. When we say modest projects, we're talking about what we call day one projects. And that is, let's get your building as healthy as we can get it with your current set of assets today. And then we'll give you that roadmap for the future.
Dave Regnery: Josh, this is Dave, I'll take that. And just take a step back, Thermo King business, we have a complete line of products and services that is for the whole coal chain for distribution, whether that's air, truck, trailer, marine, rail, last mile, refrigerated, containers. There are several vaccines I'm sure everyone's aware that are being worked. Some are in Phase 3 trials right now. It's unclear as to which will be first to market. And depending on the vaccine they have different temperature requirements for distribution. So, it ranges from a deep freeze, which could be as cold as minus 80 C to frozen, which rewinds 10 C to just like a pharmaceutical, which would be like 2 C. The markets have sufficient capacity for trailer over the land where we see opportunities is really in three spaces. One is an air, and we've been in the air business for four decades, we have all the approved certifications, whether it's FAA or ESA, which is the equivalent in Europe. We also see some opportunities in last mile. And we see a big opportunity in deep freeze cold storage. And we just have a new product that we introduced there a few months ago, this is a product that in a typical hospital, your deep freeze capability is really about the size of your refrigerator at home. And our solution there is about 60 times the volume that a deep freezer you'd find in a hospital could hold. So, that's going to be a big opportunity for Thermo King. Who we're talking to, we're talking to pharma companies, distribution companies, 3PL, government healthcare providers, we're talking to everyone? And we're going to be ready with the distribution solution storage solution, when that time comes. And hopefully, it's soon when we start distributing vaccines.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Scott, this is Dave, I'll take that. We're pretty happy with the growth rates that we're seeing right now in China, in our business, I think a lot of that comes back to the investments that we made four years ago, when we developed the direct sales force there. If you remember those days, we had - we literally went out and trained 300-400 engineers to have a direct sales force, actually go talk to engineers and architects and to help become the basis of design. So with that as a backdrop, what we're seeing strength in China is in data centers, electronics, pharma and healthcare. And those are areas that we have a lot of activity and we have weakness obviously, as well. Some of those spots would be office and retail. But overall, the team, and you heard Chris say in the beginning, our team and in China has done just an excellent job and we're really proud of their accomplishments.
Dave Regnery: Yes, I'll take that. This is Dave. We're not seeing any constraints in our supply. I think, if you go back to the end of March, we reconfigured all of our factories and put the right safety protocols in place. We also have a team that was working with our suppliers to ensure that they were able to provide us components, that still is all in place. And right now, we have no constraints in front of us.
Dave Regnery: Yes, we have Andy, - this is Dave. And obviously, it depends on the customer. But that's what we really developed this whole layered approach in our audits. And we work with our customers to really say, here's your day one opportunity to make your building healthy as it can be right now. And then we give them options to improve going forward. And some of that is 00 I'll give you a real example, we had a customer the other day that wanted to dramatically improve their fresh air exchanges, which makes sense from an indoor air quality standpoint. Unfortunately, the way that building was designed, we would have to put additional cooling capacity to make that happen. And what we worked out with that customer was is what's exchange it to this level, let's get this level today. Let's put a PL in the system for additional cooling capacity. We'll deliver that before the summer months in 2021, so your building is ready. That's a live example of what we're finding with our customer base.
Dave Regnery: A restaurant that's able to stay open, because they put in all these mitigating factors, where transmission rates clearly are lower, because we've done that all factored into healthier economy one in fact, we have the next crisis.
Chris Kuehn: Thanks, Dave. Please go to Slide number 11. As Mike mentioned earlier, we paused on elements of our balanced capital allocation strategy through the third quarter in favor of capital preservation and optionality. Exiting the third quarter based on our strong free cash flow generation and our current outlook. We're in a strong position to bring all elements of our balanced capital allocation strategy back into play. Our balanced capital allocation strategy is focused on consistently deploying excess cash to the opportunities with the highest returns for shareholders. Despite economic conditions, we continue to strengthen our core business with healthy levels of business investments, and high ROI technology, innovation and operational excellence projects, which are vital to our continued growth, product leadership and margin expansion. We remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet that provides us with continued optionality as our markets evolve. We have a longstanding commitment to reliable, strong and growing dividend that increases at or above the rate of earnings growth overtime. We continue to pursue strategic M&A that further improves the long-term shareholder returns. And we continue to see value in share repurchases as the stock trades below our calculated intrinsic value. All in, we expect to consistently deploy 100% of excess cash overtime. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave and Mike to cover key investor topics of interest and to close at the summary of key points.
Chris Kuehn: Well, it's strange here, because demand was really shoved around - pushed around. I think everyone went into a recession playbook and the pandemic playbook is a bit different as people generally felt so good about the jobs and investing in indoor air quality at home. And so you saw drive toward not only replacing systems, but even mix for us that went up versus down through that. So, I don't think that that continues indefinitely. I think it begins to normalize probably in quarter four, certainly in quarter one. The unique thing is we're moving in from what was really an extended peak season, into really the build that we would normally do in the fourth quarter and beginning of the first quarter for the traditional peak season that we would see, the cooling season as well next year in '21. So, I think the best way to look at that is to look at the 2020 is a bit of an anomaly. And I think we will move into a more normalized '21. Everything that we're seeing around the setup for '21 would be that we see a little bit of growth in '21. But again, it's all predicated on the current course and speed of the economy and certainly how people feel about employment and overall consumer confidence as we get further into - be into '20 and into early '21. Of course that business is really a book in turn business. And we were looking to turn everything you could build in the fourth quarter. Teams done an outstanding job about being able to meet demand that we didn't forecast and get that turned into revenue and nice margin expansion for the quarter. So, I want to compliment the execution there, but again, I think it normalizes.
Chris Kuehn: I'd say based on availability [ph], it's still a headwind, IAQ certainly a tailwind. But net net that I think is a positive setup for the service business. And I would say the service business was a great antidote to a recession. Of course, pandemic is different in that if access to buildings is denied, it's tough to grow a service business, but we're very busy on the IAQ front. And as buildings continue to open, there will actually be some deferred service deferred maintenance that I would expect we'd see there as well.
Chris Kuehn: That's why I think it's a long-term play. Because that would need be wanting to do something right now. And then ultimately if the building wasn't designed that do what it needs to do, or your system limitations of what those standards should be for the building, they have changed use over some period of time and never was adapted. Those are all necessary investments that need to be made. One of the things I just offer for this because if on the phone here, just some advice on this. The opposite of a holistic approach that sort of a point solution and one of the point solutions that we're seeing that's a little bit problematic is a lot of people have gotten just moved to really dense filter medium. And what's happening there is you're not getting often enough airflow out of spaces. And as you do that, you're actually making the situation worse at the ends of duct runs and buildings. And so you're not getting the air changes per hour and in fact the systems and fans may not have the capacity to support that, then we're going back in, at that point and putting some math modeling around once the maximum filter media you could change. How do we impact that by maybe maximizing actual or changes? How do we get humidity for an aerosol contaminant? So it's a little bit heavier, falls faster? What can we use to kill it that wouldn't create environmental problems for occupants? And those are all of the things that holistically we try to put together, as well as the back end energy conservation measures to mitigate the effect of all those.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, nothing has changed my thinking or thought process around that. I mean, COVID really doesn't have an impact on that. I mean, obviously, it's going to dislocate earnings between companies, but doesn't really change long-term view toward that. It's like it's something that could and should happen. Broader on the M&A question, I think is we think about some of the things that we're doing around the bolt-ons, you've got sellers that want to use 2019 EBITDA and of course, we as a buyer, need to understand the structural changes going forward and the future valuable cash flows that come from that. Conversely if we're looking at things that we're looking to acquire that can be technologies that are helpful in a pandemic. You got seller expectations and breakout EBITDA divergence, so again, you got to go back and structurally look at those future cash flows. But - and then due diligence is a little bit tougher, because most of that is of course remote now, and that's not the best way to do due diligence. So, other than that, it doesn't really change the long-term view toward M&A or transformational M&A.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, Julian. It's probably a little bit too early to understand the trend line there. But remember that probably 15% to 20% of our business is really affected by Dodge data - that put in place data that you read. And a lot more of that is predicated on how we're doing with creating demand around retrofits and indoor air quality. So, I do think you're correct, I do think we exit the year relatively flat in terms of our backlog. And based on everything that we've been through this past year, that's somewhat of an achievement to end with the flat backlog. So, I think with the current course and speed going into '21, we've got enough strength enough health in many markets to have a decent year in '21 around growth.
Mike Lamach: Yeah, for $1 spent in an applied system, it's a 30-year life cycle, we'd see a range of 8 to 12 times that, in terms of the service and retrofit potential around that. So that that's probably what you're referring to there, Josh. And I think that's true. I think the urgency probably on the front end to do something in terms of the day explained plan and that plan has to be consistent with someone's overall financial capacity to execute the plan. We've got to work with customers to be able to do that. So Dave said, day one or the mitigating things we can do, day two and beyond, what are the things that would need to - have to happen in the system some to put them at a standard or a best in class. But I think also too, as people look at buildings, particularly tenants and landlords trying to lease buildings. There's going to be some tendency to be inquiring about this a lot, from understanding to what degree have you made modifications, or what does a building need to do to perform at a standard that should be best and healthy for occupants. And so that's going to play into this as well. So, I think we'll be busy doing some asset planning for customers and longer term. I think that they probably accelerate some of the retrofits. It will also have the impact of things that are in design and things that are not yet in design, but will be built in the future, probably built to either standard. Not just the installed modeled standard, but the maintenance standards as well. Because it's really critical, as you know that energy can drop as example, from model to actual it could drop 30% in a matter of just a couple of years through customers overriding system points. This is analogous to that. You can do all this great work around filters and outdoor air exchanges and dampers and linkages. But if you're not maintaining that stuff, you default back to where you were. So maintenance will be improved going forward, I think, as well as the ability to monitor the stuff remotely, because there's just so much out there to look at, you're going to have to do this digitally and look for anomalies in the systems.
Mike Lamach: And if I add, the affordable solution that's got the 60x capacity of the current market capability. It's still a mobile unit, when you pair that with our rental and logistics capability through our rental businesses, we've got the opportunity to move things around there, as they needed. I really proud of the work the team did here to take every pharma manufacturing and vaccine and work with them specifically around the requirements and exactly how and eventually vaccines can be packed and distributed. But also understanding exactly what their supply chain looks like and where the break points could be in the cold chain so that we can map out the capacities for every pharma company going through every distribution model, all the way through to a CVS or at Walmart, for example, here in the U.S. about how people will eventually be inoculated. So, in doing that, it's allowed us to be able to look at constraints, look at capacities and make sure that we're selling product that people would actually need it as opposed to just selling product into capacities that may not be required, that would be a real mess if that happening. We're being very conscientious about sort of observing that capacity to put it into the best place.
Mike Lamach: I think it just comes down to first, looking at the behavioral science behind all this. And what we as consumers and building occupants, and building owners and tenants think about space going forward. And so it's not going to require somebody to kind of convene that into, on demand or coder standard. Although I think what will happen is, initially, particularly in developed economies, there will be immediate look back to looking at buildings and whether or not they're operating at standards, and then what would you do to mitigate that? I think it creates a step up where codes don't exist or don't exist to the stringent level of a standard, where those become implemented much more quickly than perhaps would have happened. But particularly for us, when you think about, our non-residential opportunity which is the bulk of our global business we're really only in the res business, if you will in the U.S. and Canada. If you think about that, these are sophisticated building owners applied maybe more institutional critical systems, they get it. They get it immediately and they know to open a factory, a hospital, university, a research center. They're going to - you have to be at least at whatever the best standard is. So I don't think anything actually has to happen. Of course, anything that could happen, that would create more focus on driving codes and implementing them faster would be additive to that.
Mike Lamach: Yes, if you think about even just, again our non-res business, being in the 10s of billions of square feet that we've got an installed base, that's a great starting point. And in situations like this, where you can't get to everybody immediately right away that's why honestly, it has to get an industry response solving for 1.7 trillion square feet of space. You're going to go to the people that get it first, and it wants to do something about it. And so, we're going to be selective about who we're talking to and how long we're talking to them before somebody does something. It's a function of making sure that you disqualify opportunity as readily should qualify opportunities, when you've got that much opportunity in front of you. So we're going to spend our time prioritizing with the people that want to act on it quickly and making sure that we're going to where the action will be taken, which of course, is going to drive outcomes for health, and it's going to drive revenues for us.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I guess I started with U.S. savings rates quadruple, but I think in quarter two and the first part of quarter three we were sitting around 20%versus the 4% or 5% savings rate. And people obviously aren't going out and taking vacations and doing the things they were doing. So I think there is actually more capacity. And I also think that home values have increased, the people feel that they're pretty solid footing, at least at this point around home values. So, I think the between savings rate home equity lines that may be open, that's the primary that we're seeing there. We're not hearing anything, specifically about higher take rate around financing.
Mike Lamach: Yeah. I mean it's probably helps to think about this a little bit of a bell curve, as it relates to people that are out of business, or will be out of business and are coming back in business. And there's going to be some space, obviously, some retail space as an example that restaurants that's going to be the question. You get people are absolutely coming back, and investing a warehouse in data centers or other businesses that relate to that. But the folks in the middle that are going to come back, it's a matter of sort of time and maybe density for how they pack and organize occupants and buildings. They're going to use the opportunity preopening to mitigate as much as they can. I mean they have to mitigate the space in some way before people return to the office. And so we're sitting in North Carolina today, and we're communicating to our population just as recently as last week about our intentions. And we don't see people coming back into the office here, unless they need to do their work or they can and we put these protocols in place, but we're not expecting people to come back in at least until the early part of next year. And even that's up for grabs, as relates to what the science will tell us and case rates look like in the local community. But having said that, we've gone through and taking enormous investment to get our space, up beyond a standard to have people feel comfortable coming back. And I think that you're saying the bulk of the bell curve in companies and landlords and tenants that are requiring some mitigation to take place now. And so again, between not being able to get the subspaces, and then the tailwind around providing some mitigating activity for people who are going to be opening, as well as providing services for the people that are open. There's enough for us to do there, and I think see some growth and services.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I just would add that just absolutely heroic efforts by our residential team, our manufacturing, and supply chain teams, to make sure that we were able to respond to this demand. Because again, this was not predicted, we didn't see these volumes coming in a typical recession playbook. And this is a different set of viewing behaviors happening here around how people thinking about in their space at home. And the ability to respond to that was really a lot of hard work by some great people out in the organization getting it done.
Mike Lamach: Inventory levels coming out of Q2, we're about half of what they needed to about. So if you think about three months, it's kind of more typical. It might have been sitting at six weeks and that drove incredible demand that we saw in June, July, August and really continued. I would say, as an industry, it's been a bit hand to mouth, if you've got it, you probably could sell it. And that certainly was the case for us. And really, again sere [ph] wasn't important, people were taking what they could get, and they were opting for higher sere [ph] of choices were available. So, really, I think it hasn't changed much. And again, this is why I think that you run right in from an elongated crewing season in 2020 right into the normal build that we were have, basis what we think could be '21 demand. And that's not normal. Usually there's quite a lot in the action between, August, September, and call it December, January.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I wouldn't, set that as an expectation. Andy, I think that we always like to tell people that the entitlement is probably 85 points, shorter gross margin, giving us an opportunity to continue to really innovate and invest in the business and make sure that we're sitting at - upfront. And of course, incremental margins of 25% against margins that are 16% to 17%, it's all a good problem to have. And, of course we want to raise gross margins overtime. So, that's a good thing to have happen. Occasionally, it happens that we had great productivity in quarter three and excellent price versus material inflation in quarter three, and you can drive outsized leverage in a particular quarter. But in the long run, it's best for us just to think about it the way that we're thinking about it, which is something close to gross margins, leaving room for investment and some breakage around ideas that don't pan out. And that's the way I would try to shape up '21 and beyond. We're not creating a lot of headman going into '21. All of the hourly increases, that we would have given in terms of salary, increase in salary associates happen, like they normally would have normal schedule. And under the delays in salary increases that we pushed out into '21, we brought back into '20. So, what you're seeing here is investment back get a salary increases. And so the only sort of had win probably are tailwind is how much really travel and entertainment we would be doing in '21, as an example. And I think that, frankly, we're rethinking a lot of those things right now, as many companies are about how much business travel, how much entertainment do we need to be doing. Certainly some will come back, but probably never at the levels or unlikely to get levels that they were historically. So, we're not setting up a situation in the reverse, which is really tough leverage coming in at '21. So, I kind of right in the middle and say, 25 is a good number to think about.
Mike Lamach: Yes, John. I'll tell you the first thing we've been talking about 1.7 trillion square feet of indoor space and 400 billion worth of non-residential space. The answer is got to do something in the billions, right. So I don't think you're - it's just a matter of how does that play out. And in my notion on this is a holistic layered approach mitigating and offering solutions to improve going forward based on the economic capacity of somebody to go and undertake some of these initiatives, it's probably a very long-term tailwind and in a different way to think about space going forward. So it's probably not the size of the market that would be the question. It would be the timing. In my view, it's going to be embedded in growth rate for a very long time. How big is that growth rate? We still don't know, we need to get more experienced here as we go through this with our customers.
Mike Lamach: I can't, because the vaccine for this virus, I mean, there's three vaccine for any virus. And frankly, the reality around future pandemics, I think, is great. And the fact that people do want to have the surety peace of mind around indoor air quality, I don't think it changes. I think it helps open the economy. And I think that has positive benefit. But I don't think it's going to really change how people think about preparation. Just like generally, we used to think about hurricanes hitting Puerto Rico and the Gulf and how we've prepared for those things, and how are we prepared for the aftermath of those things, both from a business continuity perspective, but from a health and welfare of our people perspective. A pandemic, which is something that we had planned for overall health and wellness so we really, from a business continuity perspective, have learned a lot about dealing with the pandemic. So after managing our playbooks are going to change for these pandemics and those playbooks for all customers are going to relate to the health of their space.
