David Regnery: Yes. I'll start with the orders and orders were very robust in the second quarter really, especially in the commercial HVAC business in Americas. It's really across all verticals, Andy. So we didn't see any soft spots there.  As far as the backlog, I mean our backlog right now is at record level, $6.5 billion. Our book-to-bill in the second quarter was 111%. We see a backlog entering 2023, it will be north of $6 billion. And that will give us great visibility into 2023, especially in our longer-cycle businesses, which are 80% of our backlog or 90% of our backlog, 80% of our business.
David Regnery: Sure. Now I'll start with the positive. In our commercial HVAC, we continue to have a strong backlog in EMEA. Order rates were up low teens and we continue to see strong demand. Revenues was up high single digits, with growth in both equipment and services. Thermo King business also continues to perform well, with organic revenues up low teens, outpacing the markets.  We did see acute supply chain challenges in Europe and a higher cost to serve our customers with spot buys and expedited freight. However, we see these as investments, really good investments, especially with the demand for a thermal management system and the opportunities to minimize the need of fossil fuels for our customers.  Overall, I'm very confident long term with Europe. This region continues to grow share through leading innovation. Supply chain will improve in the back half, it's going to be a gradual improvement. And as it improves, the efficiencies in our factories will improve and we'll get our margins back on track.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean we're very happy with our services business, and I'll take your suggestion in topics of interest. But our Service business over the last 5 years, and I'll speak globally, it's got a compound annual growth rate of high single digits, and that's over a 5-year period. In 2020, a pandemic year, we had -- our Service business was flat to 2019 despite the fact that we were constrained with getting access to facilities.  So very happy with our Service business. It's roughly 1/3 of our total business globally. And in the second quarter, it was -- again, it was up double-digit rates. So very happy with the performance there and a very resilient business.
David Regnery: Yes. And I'll chime in here on the second part of that question on resi. First of all, I'll start with the second quarter, and we had just -- the team did just a fantastic job in the second quarter. I mean we had 30% growth in the top line and our book-to-bill was 101%. So our backlog was flat with a 30% growth on the top line.  We have tough compares all year in resi, with bookings level that we haven't seen before in 2021. So we'll have some tough compares going into the back half of the year. And for sure, we could see some negative bookings like we saw here in the second quarter. But you got to really look at the backlog, the book-to-bill and I couldn't be happier with our performance in our residential business to date.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean it's a great question. I mean, obviously, our M&A pipeline is full, as you would expect. We get to see all the opportunities being a large global player in HVACR. It's active. We don't just look at channel. We look really at any fits in the pipeline that's available. But I'd tell you that we don't need to do anything, as I've said before. We have great equipment portfolio, a great service portfolio, great access to channel. But we'll look and we're going to be patient and we're going to make sure that we make the right investments.
David Regnery: Yes, good question. I mean our supply chain performed as expected during the second quarter and we anticipate, as I said earlier, a gradual improvement through the back half of the year. Our team continues to do an excellent job managing through this environment, working closely with our suppliers.  Yes, electronics still is a theme, okay? Chips have gotten somewhat better. We see progress working with our suppliers that, that's going to continue to get better in the back half. It's other components like wire harnesses, too.  But again, we're working through it. We have a great team. They're able to solve problems. And it's open communication with our suppliers and good things happen.
David Regnery: Well, I'd start. The education vertical, Joe, has always been very strong for us and we continue to see stimulus funds flow there. Incoming order rates in the second quarter were very strong for the education vertical. They were north of 40%. So we continue to have -- show great progress there and we have a great process in place to help our customers track funds and to make sure that they're able to make the proper upgrades to their facilities.
David Regnery: Yes. I'd say that Europe has shown market outgrowth for a long period of time now with our innovations that we have, specifically around thermal management systems. Obviously, what's happening right now with the war in the Ukraine and the supply of energy into the rest of Europe from Russia, that's getting tighter. So it is a bit of a tailwind for sure, as our thermal management systems eliminate the need for fossil fuel. And so our original value proposition, which was extremely strong to our customers, just got stronger. And we think that will be a continued tailwind into the future.
David Regnery: Yes, Josh, if I could just add, we don't see pricing going down next year. I mean, price increases that we've seen over the last 18 months likely won't continue at the same rate into the future, but we don't see prices coming down.
David Regnery: Yes. Good question. I mean we're really proud of the results we got in residential. I mean up 30%, you're right. And the good news there is -- the shocking there is that our book-to-bill was $101 million. So our backlog stayed flat as we enter Q3. Just to put some context around it, the sell-through in our IWDs was up in the 20s, right around 20% there. It was a little bit stronger in our own channel. So as far as inventory levels, they're about where we would expect them to be, Steve. We track that pretty carefully, especially our independent [Technical Difficulty]
David Regnery: I mean we're about a 50-50 shop, if that was your question. I'm not sure if you're going through like the parts side of our business, Steve? Or...
David Regnery: The guys we own, absolutely. I mean we have -- they have part of that. I don't have the exact percentage in front of me, but we could dig that up for you.
David Regnery: Yes. It was -- our incoming order rates for light commercial was very strong. In the Americas, it was up over 30%.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean, dynamic -- I mean it is a dynamic environment. Obviously, we've seen a lot of price there. We're seeing volume there as well. A lot of different things happening at the same time. And obviously, we have a backdrop of very, very strong compares from prior year. So that's kind of what we mean around the being a dynamic space.  As far as the IRA that's currently working its way through Washington, yes, there is a -- at least the way it's written right now, at least the pre-draft that I've seen, there is a provision in there for electrification of heating, right, which is in the heat pump space for the homeowner. So that could be a tailwind for sure if that goes through. But we'll see -- we'll wait and see how that gets written and let the final proposal goes to Congress and to the Senate.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean I think the answer is yes, they are getting booked sooner, and that's -- there's 2 reasons for that. One is our customers want to make sure we have enough visibility. And the second is that our lead times out of our factories are longer with all of our backlog. So yes, that is a fact.  As far as how we're protecting ourselves from the pricing, some of the longer lead items, we would actually put in escalations on. That's a portion of the business, it's not the entire business.
David Regnery: Yes. That's not -- we don't do that in our transport business. There, we basically -- we'll go out like a quarter or 6 months at a time to fill the backlog. We'll control that. It's not that we're not working with our customers on slots. We just won't be able to price it until we, in fact, get to a point in time. So like we have not yet opened up 2023 yet for orders. Now we're talking with our customers, so we understand what their demands might be so we'll slot it, so we make sure we don't disappoint them. We're just unable to price it at this time.  We just want to make sure we -- in that business, it's very difficult to go back and say, we'll have to reprice something. And it's been very volatile. So we just want to be conservative in that -- from that standpoint and make sure we have the right price on the product.
David Regnery: Yes. It's pretty dynamic, Jeff. I'll start with that. As I said earlier, I think the other variable that you may want to put into your model there is the SEER change that will be coming in 2023. Remember, that's going to be -- depending on the model, that would be 10% to 15% on the top line. I wouldn't expect it to be -- expect margins to be neutral on that because, obviously, the product costs more for the higher-SEER product. So that's another tailwind on the top line that we'd be seeing.  It's -- we haven't come up with our guide yet for 2023. We're working through our planning process now. We have -- as I said before, we have very detailed models in this space. And when we come up with a guide for 2023, we can explain to you in a lot of detail as to what's happening.  But remember, I sound like a little bit of a broken record here. But residential is only 20% of our total business. So even if it did fall by 10%, it'd be a 2% drop for the enterprise. And the opportunities that we see in our commercial businesses on both Thermo King and our Trane commercial business far exceed the 2%.
David Regnery: Yes. Well, first of all, I think we're very well positioned with some of the latest innovation that we've introduced into the marketplace with our thermal management systems. So -- and I think that as you could eliminate the need for fossil fuels and buildings, that's -- the value proposition was already great, it just got even better. These products are significantly more efficient than conventional ways of thinking, which would have been a separate chiller plant and boiler plant. We now have technology that combine these. Your efficiency is up between 2 and 4x, depending on what your heat sink is. So we're very happy with our position there and we're seeing a lot of traction.
David Regnery: Yes. We're certainly ready. We're well equipped for this. We already sold all the higher-SEER product prior to the change. So we're in good shape there.
David Regnery: I'm assuming your question is more slanted towards the Americas, but it's been strong. I mean if you look at the Architectural Billing Index, which is a good macro indicator to look at, I mean, it's been over 50 now for 17 months. So we continue to see strength in the Americas. We have nice strength in EMEA, as we already talked. And it was a good trend we had in Asia in the second quarter with our order rates there up in the 16% range.  So overall, lots of strength. And if you look at the longer-term macro trends, I would say it's going to be with us for a while.
David Regnery: Yes. I'll start with the latter there. The liquid cooling is certainly emerging technology that we're certainly doing a lot of work with. And we'll see how that moves forward. So we are aware of the technology and some of our scientists are looking at that very closely.  As far as the -- we saw a nice growth in data centers. I don't have the exact number in front of me, we can dig that up for you. But we continue to see nice growth in data centers. I think your understanding -- it's part of the office vertical, so it gets a little bit complicated. But we continue to have a nice growth there. We have dedicated teams that work on data centers because there's a specific expertise there that we have that we work with our customers on.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean, first of all, we see indoor air quality as a long-term secular mega-trend for the industry. And we continue to see growth there in lots of different verticals, okay? It's not just in health care we have -- we're doing indoor air quality. We're continuing to do indoor air qualities in several different verticals, including education, office as well as health care.  As far as the cleaning of the air, products like dry hydrogen peroxide product, we continue to sell, we continue to see demand for. So we don't see it waning. We think that indoor air quality is going to be top of mind for our customers for the foreseeable future.  It's generally embedded in our applied systems as well as our controls and our services, so it's harder to track as a stand-alone item. But we continue to see it as a growth tailwind for the -- for our business and really for the whole industry.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, John, it's Chris. I think it's going to be more of a 2023 story. Our practice has been, for a long time, to hedge and lock in on our main commodities for steel and copper and aluminum. 1 to 2 quarters out, we're 70-plus percent locked. And then 3 to 4 quarters out, we're 50% to 60% locked. And certainly, we're seeing the volatility in those markets, even in the second quarter, which looked like a bit of a pullback on steel and then a little bit of an uptick in terms of steel prices later in the quarter.  But we see that more of a 2023 tailwind, if we continue to see these commodities start to come down in terms of cost inputs. But at today's point, we're being selective on the backlog and making sure we're booking orders with as much visibility as we can get, so we price appropriately. And we're really happy with the price performance here in the second quarter and it being positive on a dollar basis in Q2 over cost.
Christopher Kuehn: Julian, if I step back on the first half. Organic leverage was up about 12%, about 16% in Q2. So we saw a nice improvement from the first quarter to the second quarter.  Back half of the year, we're expecting leverage to really be in the high teens, low 20s range. Our full year guide on leverage is consistent with what we said in May that it would be organically up mid-teens on a full year basis.  But we baked into the guide, as I think about the third quarter and the fourth quarter, Dave mentioned an improving but gradually improving supply chain. We baked into the guide that we're going to continue to see additional costs to serve our customers with spot buys and expedited freight. It's going to continue to cause factory disruptions certainly on a year-over-year basis, Q3, Q4. And while it does get a little bit better sequentially, it's going to be a little bit of a challenge to the leverage in the second half.  So it will be a gradual improvement, but that's where we thought Q3 would be, around that mid-teens level like we saw in Q2. And then Q4 would get a little bit stronger than that.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes. I think for the third quarter, Julian, for the -- think about the second half revenue growth kind of in that low teens range. We see that growth roughly the same in Q3 and in Q4 on a year-over-year basis, roughly the same growth.  Now the third quarter comes with higher dollars of revenues. It's traditionally our strongest quarter of the year in terms of top line revenues. And then Q4 would come down off of Q3.  So revenue growth, roughly the same for the second half and the 2 quarters. Leverage in Q3, more around that mid-teens organic range and then it'll step up into the fourth quarter. And that's how we kind of see that second half playing out.
Christopher Kuehn: Joe, it's Chris. So as I think about the second quarter kind of price/cost, certainly, a margin headwind, you're right, we described Q1 as about 100 basis points. I would describe Q2 as less than 100 basis points from margin headwind. I don't want to dial it in any further than that.  We were happy with the performance on a net basis with turning dollar positive, really moderately positive in the quarter. And it's giving us even more confidence as we think about the balance of the year to be positive on a full year basis. So I think that's one of the most improved parts of our business operating system. And for the last 18 months, in a very highly inflationary environment, we've been able to stay on the right side of the price/cost equation and happy to see us deliver that here in the second quarter.  The second part of your question was resi growth -- resi price. So yes, 30% growth in the quarter overall for resi. What we're going to report today, price for the enterprise was up 10.4%. We report in the Q that the Americas price was up about 11.8%. And I'll just say that resi was better than those averages here in the quarter in terms of price realization.
Christopher Kuehn: Yes, Josh, what I would say is on those longer lead-type projects, first is the team is thinking about what does that future curve look like for commodities and costs when they're ultimately bidding the job. Some of those longer-term projects also allow for cost escalation, depending on an external index for which we can adjust price if something were to change after we bid it out.  But as I think about the whole company in a normal year, we go into the view of getting price/cost say 20 to 30 basis points positive. And with the commercial businesses being the largest part of the company, they're very much in that same ballpark of, in a normal year, getting positive price/cost. But then also having a lot of visibility as best we can into the forward curves of inflation and cost to price accordingly.
Christopher Kuehn: Nigel, I would say we're kind of looking at this quarter by quarter as we go through the year. You're right, about $750 million of deployment between M&A and share repurchases so far this year and about $1.1 billion left to go when you already account for dividends that will be paid out in the second half. So I think to Dave's point, the pipeline remains active in M&A. Certainly, by the end of the year, I'd like to see 1 or 2 transactions closed or committed to by the end of the year. So we're just trying to make sure we leave some powder for that.  At the same time, our balance sheet is, as you know, very strong. We got a lot of capacity here to do a lot of different things with the cash we have. But I'd say at this point, the share price continues to look very favorable and trading well below our calculated intrinsic value, so we would continue to deploy cash to shares if M&A isn't available as we think about Q3 to Q4.  Let me, if I could -- Nigel, I want to go back to a comment that Julian made earlier around leverage. And I think for the third quarter, we commented that it would be around mid-teens, similar to Q2. It could be a little better than that as we work through the quarter. So the EPS estimate, Julian, we put out of around $2, I think that could be a little higher than that, maybe it's closer to $2.10 range than it is the $2 range. And that would come with a little bit of stronger leverage, probably not above 20%, but maybe it could be higher teens, in the mid-teens, would be the range I'd be thinking about for Q3. Thanks for letting me add that.
Christopher Kuehn: Gautam, we track -- for these calls and others, we generally spend a lot of time on Tier 1, but we track everything on the Tier 2 which would be the components you described from electrical components to motors to metal fabrication. And we're tracking that on the input costs from the commodities to that but also impacts on labor costs and others.  But as it stands right now, with things looking a bit more deflationary at this point versus, say, 3 months ago, 6 months ago, for us, it's really kind of looking as more of a benefit and a tailwind in 2023. Locking in steel, we locked that in for really 6 months, so a cost in June is really going to be realized in December. So any type of pullbacks we see in deflation here in the third quarter, that really carries over into the first quarter of next year for steel.  And then we've got the locking mechanisms in place with respect to copper and aluminum that also really push any change in price out roughly at least 3 to 6 months. So I think it represents a tailwind if we continue to see a deflationary environment. I think that's also a dynamic where it's hard to tell which way the market is going. But we're really just making sure we follow a process where we hedge each and every quarter out to a similar level. So we smooth any type of increases on the way up, and that means also a bit of a smoothing on the way down if we see deflation.
