Michael Lamach: Thanks, Sue. As we conclude, I want to emphasize a few points that I think are important for you to have as takeaways as we head into the final quarter and into 2017.  First, we're performing well, with a solid strategy punctuated with excellent execution over time. As a result, we have delivered consistent, reliable top-tier financial performance on organic growth, EPS growth and cash flow over Industrial and Climate cycles.  Second, our management team is effective in anticipating and seeing around the corners. Our commercial HVAC business is strong and focused on the right growth areas with equipment, controls and service. We believe we have turned the corner with our Industrial segment and starting to realize margin improvement versus the quarter 2 trough.  And our transport refrigeration business is resilient. And our team is capturing margin expansion despite downward sales.  Finally, we're building a stronger, more valuable, more sustainable and less cyclical Ingersoll-Rand. The results we reported today are a direct result of the strategic work, persistence and tenacity of the talented people that represent the unique culture we've built. I'm proud of our people who continue to deliver for our customers and our shareholders.  Our momentum is strong as we conclude the year and head into 2017.  And with that, Sue and I will now be happy to take your questions. 
Michael Lamach: Well, like 1/10 of 1 point Nigel was the difference. So the good people here would not allow me to round that up, as they should not have allowed me to round that up. So that's the difference. 
Michael Lamach: Largely institutional, but we're seeing them around the world. There are some large lumpier projects, so it's difficult to always know the exact timing. But the pipeline is pretty strong going into '17. So the backlog '16 ending will be greater than it was. Of course, '15 ending, and then we've got a good pipeline coming into '17. So we feel like the earlier comment about '17 looking a little bit more like '16 was perhaps more institutional tailwind, and if anything, a little lesser commercial headwind, wound that out to a pretty good year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Nigel, actually first, when you think about the TK in and of itself, you've got North America down maybe as much as 20%. You've got APUs down. You've got global marine down. Pretty much everything else is going to go up. That's North American truck, truck and trailer in Europe and Asia, air, aftermarket, bus and rail should all go up. So there's a chance that TK pulls off something close to mitigating that. But when you back away and look across the company, institutional is going to be strong. We think Industrial, margins will recover. So there's a lot of levers to pull inside the company and a lot of confidence in the teams that we've got across company to make it work. We see EPS growth next year, so that's how I would look at it initially. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think, Steve, it's a balanced and diversified portfolio, lots of service. We're investing heavily in the service channel as we've done all year long, and that's paying dividends. So I think that our eyes' wide open on some of the challenges, but not -- and I'm talking about top tier growth from operations. Sue, you might want to comment. 
Michael Lamach: Julian, so we'll start with the quarter that we've got in North America. You can add about 20% or so to Europe and the rest of the world in terms of trailer. Truck, a little less than 20%. Aftermarket, a little bit less than 20%. APU and container are high single digits. Bus, air and rail are low double digits. So you've got North America trailer down. We feel pretty good about our plans, pipeline and the other businesses, with the exception of marine container, which we don't think will recover much next year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think one of the things we wanted to highlight for you was that in the last 5 years, and we could go probably a little bit longer than that, but 18% per annum cash flow return on invested capital, we're doing well. So even with the timing on Cameron and that being great, we didn't lose a beat last year, and we're not losing a beat this year in maintaining a strong cash flow ROIC. The kinds of things seem to populate the list for us would be channel investments and product extensions where we're selling products through existing channels that we have today with the sales force that we have today. There's a healthy pipeline of that. It's probably 50-50 if you think across channel versus product. And it's important to be patient there. They would be more accretive if they can be closed. I didn't say share buyback at this level, so the optionality's important to wait it out, make sure that we do the right thing. 
Michael Lamach: Jeff, we're seeing flattening really, not improving markets, flattening markets and easier comps coming into '17. But a lot of what we'll do in '17 is improve margins to the op excellence, restructuring cost activity and then very good product launches coming in this quarter, fourth quarter and next year as well. That's really our game plan for Industrial for '17. We're not counting on a broad-based industrial recovery, Jeff. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, it's largely energy efficiency retrofits, replacing old antiquated systems with newer systems, and those projects can get very large. So we'll see it from universities to healthcare to municipalities, big governments, federal installations. This is pretty much the market that we anticipate continuing through '17. 
Michael Lamach: Joe, I'm going to park that down the road here a little bit for us, to be honest. We want to dial in what North American trailer volumes will be. We're going to probably center on a 20% down number and make sure we don't do anything. In the event that it's only down 10% or if it's down 30%, we want to optimize cost structure to match it. So I know that at down 15%, we're working on a plan to be relatively flat. We'll see as we get closer to dial this in, but we need a few more months on this before we can really come back to you on that. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, well, really, it's the volume running through Industrial so low on the large equipment, which is where the big heavy fixed cost tend to sit. So it's more volume-dependent. If you look at what's actually flowing through, just good productivity on that lower volume. So Steve, the long story short is volume helps productivity. Cost reductions we've taken need volume to apply them, too. And that's -- it needs to happen in the Industrial business. But look, fundamentally, you'll see us turning up the gas again in 2017, and we'll make sure the pipeline -- we try to keep the pipeline 125% of what we think it needs to be. We try to calendarize that by quarter. So what we're doing now, and we do every month, is make sure that we've got that pipeline lined up to be 125% of what we want it to be for our plant, allowing for things to break or timing to be different. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, absolutely, because we're trying to separate productivity on volume -- from volume at standards. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think the combination of sort of the regulatory effect and the thought of that getting in front of that when customers have the opportunity. Plus from our point of view, there's a passion in the company around energy efficiency and sustainability. I think you hear that every time you talk to us. That combination, I think, is helping our people in the field make the story more compelling. And I do think it's led to why we're seeing share gain globally across the board. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, you're seeing some of the smaller equipment growing, which is a good sign. You're still seeing really severe tractions in large machines. But we're ready to lap that, I think, next quarter. And so that's why I think it's going to stabilize where it is. And you're seeing still good growth in oil-free machines and contact cool machines that would be supplied into pharma, food and bev, in particular markets, which again, the earlier comments I made were really trying to direct more of that proactive activity into the markets that are actually growing. We don't see a lot of the relief coming in iron steel, air separation, those sorts of markets. 
Michael Lamach: I'd say it's exactly that, Andy. It's exactly what you just said. It's North America trailer, APU and marine that's being weak. And not really a surprise. We've been thinking about this really all year. We thought it would actually be earlier in the year, it's actually in the back half of the year. But certainly, that's the -- the change, really, as you come through now, the final quarter. 
Michael Lamach: I would hope not. We're trying to look at crop yields and other fundamental factors that determine if you're going to see produce and food and perishables move. So structurally, you're getting to a pretty low level here. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, it's the typical way it does evolve. It really is always kind of a K-12 led institutional recovery, and then it moves up through higher ed through healthcare, and eventually, with state city and federal projects. And a lot of that is based on just property value and the ability to tax against those values and have bonds pass local city vote. And so you're into that cycle here now. It's still about 25% below where it was last time on a volume basis. So there's quite a bit of room, I think, in the institutional side to continue to grow. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Maybe to step back here one step further, I  mean, the first thing we want to do is make sure that we are absolutely investing in the business fully. And I could check the box and say we're absolutely doing that. I can check the box and say we've now put the dividend in a good place relative to the peer group, and we're proud of that. So it really does come down to what do you do with the other pieces of this thing? And if you think about it over the long run, roughly half of the cash, you want to do an acquisition or share buyback. We certainly like to grow the company, but we're not going to do that in the expense of making a poor capital allocation decision. So what you see right now is a large number of channel and potential product extension investments that might fit the portfolio. If we could close, that would be worth the -- the juice is worth the squeeze on those, so that's really why you're seeing us hold back here. Now, with all that being said, we've continued for at least 7 years, I guess now, that I can say -- I've been saying this, always controlling dilution of the share count. So Sue alluded to the fact that it's roughly 2.5 to 4 million shares, and we'll continue to make sure it's part of the program going forward. 
Michael Lamach: Well, mix matters, Josh. I mean, definitely, if you look at the high-margin Material Handling and tools businesses, they matter a lot. But if you look at a normal mix that we would've seen sort of pre-downturn, about 70% of the downturn that we've seen has been volume-related. The balance being some currency and then some mix. So fundamentally, we do need volume to return. But that being said, if volume doesn't return next year and we have the same mix of businesses that we have today, we have a healthy expectation to expand margins to 2017 in the Industrial business, based on the actions we can take at these low levels of volumes. And we'll be bold about that, and you'll see us commit to that probably in February. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Josh, I don't have an exact split for you, but I'm amazed at the size of the equipment and controls orders that we're getting that are not performance contract phase, like the Chunnel tunnel, and I could name a handful of sort of marquee projects like that. So we're winning a lot of that sort of work, and we're loading up on that work as well. With that being said, performance contracting is an interesting place for us to play, and there is a healthy amount of pull-through that comes both not just in equipment, but in service. Performance contracts always have a healthy service component that comes along with the guarantee. 
Michael Lamach: It's going to be large supply and performance contracting. And so it'll be equipment and controls and service with and without an energy guarantee, that's the way to think about that. 
Michael Lamach: Robert, I'll tell you, I don't have a public point of view that's prime time at this point. So good try. I appreciate the last question as one more shot at it. But we're putting our plans together now and there's a figurative[indiscernible] process of all companies to put that together. So I don't want to sort of play your hand too soon on that. But we understand what type of quartile it will be. We understand what our goals are, what our operating system is set out to do. And so there's not a lot of acrimony inside the company to understand what good performance looks like. So that's what you'd expect from us next year. And I'll dial that in as we get closer into next year. 
Stephen Tusa: So just on the fourth quarter. Industrial, I think -- just correct me if I'm wrong -- Industrial profits are going to be essentially flat quarter-to-quarter. I know there's some moving parts around Cameron, and the change for seasonality a bit, it's usually up. Anything to read into there? And then secondly, your free cash flow guidance of $300 million, I believe, for the fourth quarter is down pretty substantially from the third quarter. It's bounced around a bit, but last couple of years, it's been actually definitely stronger than that. So just curious as to those 2 dynamics. Then I have a quick follow-up. 
Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then Mike, just a quick one, you mentioned EPS growth next year. I think in prior presentations this fall, you talked about top tier EPS growth. I know you had a bit of a low tax rate that helped that growth a little bit this quarter, still top-tier even without that low tax rate. Is there something outside of the fundamentals [indiscernible] the tax rate going back up, or pension, or anything else that kind of will keep you from getting to top-tier? And I guess the fundamentals as they are, with all that in, I mean, are you still talking that way, or is this just, hey, the bogey is really just growing earnings given the headwinds that we have in TK, et cetera. 
Stephen Tusa: Right. So low tax rate sustainable, that's kind of the bottom line of that conversation. Tax rate is sustainable. 
Susan Carter: Sure, Steve. Let me start out with the Industrial comment in the fourth quarter. So you're correct that the operating income is about flat. But what you have is a dynamic in the fourth quarter where you really have more of the large compressors. On a year-over-year basis, it's going to be a tough comparison [indiscernible] going to be one of those areas you have tools and Material Handling, which are high-margin businesses that are going to be down on a year-over-year basis. So in essence, you're going to have a volume challenge. You're also going to have some investments there occurring in some of the business. For instance, we're doing some investment in the Club Car business, as well as in new products for the CTS business. So it's really a story about volume and investments, and a little bit less on the Industrial side with commodities, but also some impact there. 
Susan Carter: Yes. Free cash flow, that's a great question. So what we've done in 2016 is we've really changed the way that free cash flow has come in. So every quarter, as we've started out in 2016, we've had positive cash flow as opposed to having everything really back-end loaded. So again, I think where we're at, at $992 million at the end of the third quarter is fabulous. We brought it forward, and we brought it forward by paying attention to things like terms on accounts receivable, making sure that accounts receivable is balanced with accounts payable terms across the globe; with working through inventories and making sure inventories were there to serve the customer, but not too much to have additional product on hand. So we've really managed this very, very carefully. And so what you'll see in the fourth quarter is really that instead of doing heroics to end the quarter, we've normalized it, which is really how we want to operate the business and how we want our cash flow to come in. 
Susan Carter: So let me comment on the general business first. So Steve, as we're going through and we're looking at the business, we still see strength in the commercial business for next year. We see strength in the residential business going into next year. We'll see improving margins coming out of the Industrial business. So we're going to get some good play on that. We're going to remain focused in terms of the price cost spread. We know we'll have a few headwinds on the sale side, but we'll still have a bit of deflation that occurs on the basis of copper that we already have locked in and some of the aluminum that we have locked in for 2017. We're also going to hit productivity really, really hard in the business. That's part of our hallmark of our operational excellence. And we're going to offset inflation. We're going to continue to press on corporate. So earnings per share growth next year, I think, is going to come from all of the different parts of the business, as well as tax. Now tax is something that we're really proud of. And we're really proud of because it's -- we started to talk about a low 20s tax rate earlier in the year. We got there faster than we expected. But we got there by really doing what we call operationalizing tax, which is basically we assign tax partners to each of our SBUs. They're working projects within the SBUs to actually work down the effective tax rate, things like trading hubs, things like energy credit, things like really legal entity simplification. So we've really operationalized that. I think it's kind of cutting edge. I still don't think our tax rate is going to go below the low 20s. I think that's where it should be. So yes, we'll get some tailwind out of that going into 2017, because I think the low 20s is where we project the rate. But I think it's operational also and something that I think is really good for Ingersoll-Rand. 
Susan Carter: So our pension, I believe, as we look at it at this point, is going to be flat for year over year in terms of pension expense. So I know lots of people are calling headwind on pension because of discount rates falling, and of course, obviously, ours are down 75 basis points from year end also. But I think with the way that we have the portfolio set up, with the asset returns that we've got, my expectation is that we are going to be flat. 
Susan Carter: What we're focused on is really exactly what you said, that the EBIT growth should be the free cash flow growth. And that's exactly what's happening in 2016, is the operating income growth is falling through; our percentage on working capital is remaining through. We're not having to invest heavily in terms of capital, but we're also doing all of the projects and all of the items that our business is bringing forward that makes financial sense. And so if we can keep that rigor going, that is exactly the model we want, which is the EBIT flowing through. 
Susan Carter: Yes. So let's talk about the fourth quarter first. So you're right, if you do the math, and you have an 80 basis point spread for the year, it would get you to flat to maybe 20 basis points spread in the fourth quarter. But what we see happening, and again, the third quarter came out better than we had hoped at 60 basis points, which was really about 50-50 material deflation and the other price. As we start to look at 2017, I think what 2017 does is it reverts to what we've said all along, which is that we would have a 20 to 30 basis points spread between price and cost. And as you start to look at commodities for 2017, so steel has moved around a little bit. We saw an increase earlier in the summer to over $800 a ton. We currently see spot prices back in the $700 range. So we have about a 6-month time lag between when those prices move around and when we see it translated. That means I'm going to see some steel inflation in the fourth quarter, as well as probably the first quarter of 2017. However, I still continue to see tailwinds coming out of copper and aluminum going into 2017, helping us to offset that balance. So we have line of sight to what we think the commodities are going to do, and therefore, we have line of sight what our costs are so that we can price per our operating model with top line margin expansion and get back to the 20 to 30 basis points for the year. 
Susan Carter: And I think what you're seeing, Shannon, just as another point on that, is we're going to be patient with this and with the cash that we have, because we really want to create long-term value. We'd really like to invest in some of these opportunities. And to your point, some of them, in the smaller size with channel investments, but also in new products. And so it doesn't mean that we are going to just make an either/or decision. We're being patient with the cash that's on the balance sheet and we're finding the best opportunities. But we want to let some of those M&A opportunities play for a little bit and see if we can close them because we think that's important, too. 
