Michael Lamach: Okay. Thanks, Janet. Good morning, and thanks for joining us on today's call. We delivered growth and profitability above our earnings commitment in the second quarter, with solid operational execution across the company. On top of this, we completed several key milestones related to the security spin, as well as a successful debt offering. I'm proud of all the great people in our company for these accomplishments and thank them for their personal and collective commitment to the success of Ingersoll Rand and ultimately, in the successful launch of the new security company, Allegion. Our revenues for the second quarter were up 3% versus last year, both on a reported basis and excluding foreign exchange, reflecting top line performance just above the top of our guidance range. Revenues were up in Climate, Residential and Security Technologies, but we saw a decline in Industrial. Orders were up 2%. Adjusted earnings per share for the second quarter were $1.14. That's $0.06 above the midpoint of our guidance range of $1.05 to $1.10. Better performance from operations essentially delivered all of the upside to guidance. Adjusted margin increased 20 basis points. Operations with 4 corporate unallocated costs increased adjusted margins by 80 basis points. Versus 2012's second quarter, adjusted operating margins were up in 3 of the sectors. Residential delivered a 330 basis point improvement, Climate margin was up 90 basis points and Security margins were up 50 basis points. Lower revenues were a headwind for Industrial. Corporate costs were higher in the quarter as expected due to higher benefit costs and increased investments related to our IT transformation. This marks our ninth consecutive quarter of a positive GAAP between pricing and direct material inflation. Our lean focus again showed significant results in the implemented value streams. And we continue to invest in the future of the business, funding significant new product development, investing in the new IT platform and building our services footprint. Spin-off and restructure costs were $0.11 in the quarter. We continued our share repurchase program, repurchasing approximately 9 million shares in the quarter. We still expect to spend the current $2 billion authorization by the end of the first quarter of next year. We continue to be on track with the spin and have completed several key milestones. We filed a Form 10 in mid-June, right on schedule. We named 5 excellent outside directors, as well as the Chairman and CEO, Dave Petratis. And we announced the name for the new company, Allegion. In June, we completed a successful debt offering for Ingersoll Rand, securing $1.55 billion at attractive interest rates and maturity profiles. So it was a quarter with many accomplishments and milestones to take note of. And now, Steve will take you through the second quarter results in more detail, and I'll be back with an outlook for the third quarter and full year. 
Michael Lamach: Actually, yes, if you look at the second half, it's more of a blended rate, the second half compared to the -- if you look at the first 2 quarters and the blended rate, that's lower than you have in the second half. You can see a little increase in productivity, gross productivity in the back half of the year. You do have a little bit of sort of that tame inflation environment. So you do get a little bit better in that productivity to other inflation in that regard. But Steve was kind of going down the path of also answering the pricing question, which has been good to us halfway through the year. And I think as we look at the back half of the year just to kind of maybe ramp the question there, I think we'll see something in the order of 40 to 60 basis points in Q3 and Q4. I mean, that price to material inflation component as well. So I do think that it supports Q3 forecast. The Q4 forecast would put our operating leverage between 40% and 50%, kind of in the mid-40s. And that supports, I think, what we've done in the past and also supports the forecast that we have for both productivity and pricing. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I think mix for the second half is going to be generally better than what we've seen in the first. A couple of reasons. One, the residential mixdown of SEER seems to be leveling out. We're definitely seeing sort of a bottoming of the average SEER rating there, which was a big, big factor in our mix issues up through the first quarter. We're also seeing a good mix of Thermo King business through the middle part of the year here, which is going to help the mix certainly in the third quarter. And I would say that we still have the mix problem. It's probably somewhat in the industrial sector, because in addition to this general volume issues in the industrial sector, it's shifting away from tools to more complete air compressors. So we have a little bit of a negative mix there, offsetting some positive developments in some of the other sectors. 
Michael Lamach: Well, we play across the entire region, including the Middle East as well. And so I think we have low expectations for Western Europe, and they're better than what we have thought. We're continuing to see good growth and solid bookings coming out of the Middle East as well, which is in those numbers. Our Unitary business in EMEA is really up nicely. And that has to do, in some regards, with new product. And a plant now producing yellow [ph] products of course [ph] in Eastern Europe as well, and I think we're more competitive on that product. But yes, I mean, Western Europe is a little better than we would've thought, coming off a little low. Middle East is pretty strong. And India, which is in that number as well, is about what we expected. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I'd say what's special for the last 3 or 4 years is Trane commercial just made new and new sort of leverage highs. In fact, if you go all the way back through the related history of American Standard and Trane, back as far as we can really look back, we've probably added 10 to 12 points to the average operating leverage in that business. And I think that's got to do with a lot of hard work around bank consolidations, the co-location of some manufacturing with our Industrial business, a lot of new product development, product and higher margins coming out of the business, focus on the service business and what we've been able to do there. So interestingly, when you look at the operating leverage between Trane and TK in the quarter, both businesses were over 30%. So I would actually expect Trane to continue a good run. I think that we're wanting to obviously have to give a new normal at Trane. And last 3 years, they've proven that they can do that. And then we would expect a little bit better operating leverage actually coming out of TK in the back half of the year, again, supporting more of that fourth-quarter stretch that we have. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Well, I mean, let's first talk about kind of where there's strength and where we need to see it. We were placing a bet on China, and that was rewarded. So unlike the industrial businesses where there -- it's really more of a government policy reaction, the commercial and businesses that we're playing in, health care, hotels, the non-overcapacitized industries in China, we saw the nice bookings growth there and a nice revenue relationship there. So that was good for us. And we've talked about Europe, and we've seen strength there. Really, it's all about the applied market now in North America, taking another notch down and a lot of the readings that we're getting. And although we are seeing great performance coming out of the Unitary business and bookings and growth in share, it's just not enough, the mix growth, the common institutional days. So now it only really drops a little bit. When we think about the $100 million drop from the midpoint to the midpoint revenue guidance, bulk of that comes out of the Industrial business. Small piece comes out of Trane, largely the Applied business in North America and a small piece comes out of our Security business, largely in Europe. But for Climate Solutions, we need to have second half growth of 3% versus first half growth of 1.2%. So it really is an acceleration first half -- back half to first half. 
Michael Lamach: The biggest businesses that we have in China are very infrastructure-related. They're going to be airports, rail stations and so on and so forth. The fastest-growing business that we have is the hardware and more traditional mechanical electronic security business. So we'll be talking about sort of order growth in China, and that being lumpy, it's always associated with the timing of the large infrastructure projects. But we're happy with the progression of growth in our, I would say, our core mechanical and electronic security hardware business there. That's growing nicely. And we're still relatively optimistic around the book of business yet to close for the balance of the year that would support our larger integration business there. 
Michael Lamach: It was across the board. We actually have a positive relationship across the board in each of the businesses. So probably on the side of residential, typically, that's kind of -- I know you're very focused on that. We would've seen price there in the 0.5 [ph] range. Material inflation there actually would've been very sedate, so we got good pricing happening in residential. Security, it's probably the lowest price increase, but still at a margin impact of 30 basis points and a slightly positive spread there to material inflation. Climate was right on the average, about 1 point, with 20 points negative material inflation. In industrial, we had about 70 points to price, a little more inflation there, 50, 60 basis points there. So all businesses were positive across the board. 
Michael Lamach: Just a comment about TK, first, Andy. The first half is really being influenced by this Tier 4 engine conversion. So if you look at the Act, the trailer market forecast for North America for the year, Act is saying that the market is going to be up about 8%, if I remember correctly. So the market would suggest that the trailer activity is going to slow down in the second half, and that's what we've got reflected in our forecast. Our North American trailer forecast is that we would maintain kind of historical market shares, and we would see sort of up or single-digit-type growth there for the year. So it's definitely skewed forward because of the Tier 4 engine conversion. I think if you look at TK outside of North America, we were surprisingly strong in the trailer -- truck trailer in Europe in the quarter. We're expecting that to moderate a bit in the second half. And everything else, bus and container for Q2 was fairly flat. If you look at the second half, based on everything that's going on in worldwide shipping, container for sure is expected to be actually negative comps in the second half. So there's a moderation of the TK revenue growth in the second half built into our forecast. 
Michael Lamach: Well, we had more volume than we expected, and we converted on it, right? So nothing that would drive you more crazy than actually seeing volume and not getting leverage on the volume because you weren't prepared to execute against that. So if you look at the sort of incremental leverage on the gap -- the positive gap between actual and midpoint of guidance, we had very nice operating leverage on the incremental. And that really, to me, is encouraging about our ability to deal with additional volume, should it present itself here by the end of the year. But I would tell you, look, really nice job around price, real nice job around productivity. Investments are launching. Generally, we're getting all we wanted out of that in terms of on time and impacting the marketplace. More to come in Q3, Q4 within no curtailment investments. In fact, Climate continues year-over-year to be a net investor -- incremental investor year-over-year as well because of the climate in particular. So they're really firing on all cylinders here. 
Michael Lamach: Well, certainly not for Industrial. In fact, I've commented multiple times now that Industrial I'll tell you that the margin potential is greater than what we originally thought, and I think they're executing well against that. With our Climate business, as it's organized today TK and Trane, no, I think we get there as well. The issue we've had and we're clearly addressing it has been the Res business, and we're showing great, great progress there. But we've got a long way to go to get to that target. And so we're going to try to update you more on kind of what we think the potential is based on outcome ranges for growth when we're together late this fall and perhaps be more specific about where we see it. But certainly not on Climate, not on Industrial. In fact, it's up. Res, we're working on and great, great progress there. We'll see that continue. 
Michael Lamach: And you've got depreciation from the first systems going live in 2013, all the way through the last systems going live in 2016. So then we're going to be looking at some higher depreciation and amortization. But look, net-net, by the time you get past 2016 and into '17 and '18, we ought to see a pretty remarkable decline in what we're spending in IT, but more importantly, as it relates to the G&A across the company and the value of information that we're putting across the company and the speed by which we're acting on it, I think, would be remarkably different. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean, Josh, I think this is why this is a good business going forward. I mean, everything from the basics of pent-up demand at some point in time, working its way over multiple years through the system, through to regulations and regulatory requirements around efficiency and the fact that we get somewhat more expensive systems moving into the market, are all very positive. Competitively, for us, broadening the product range and really working on the consumer and the dealer experience, everything from the improvements we've had and our ability to order and ship and fulfill, I mean, I think these are really getting to be sort of industry best-in-class at that level showing up across the board. So I think that when you think about the structural parts of the business, coupled with the improvement opportunities that we have playing across the full range of the product, new product development and really taking the whole value stream to the dealer, and that's with the consumer, is a lot of opportunity. So again, I think for us, getting to a double-digit op margin, getting to a 15% EBITDA margin are in the cards for us in the next couple of years. And so from there, we'll figure out where it goes. But look, we like this business structurally going forward in this part of the cycle. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Yes, absolutely. And what we also do -- and this is a little bit of an important detail. But we analyzed that residential HVAC, but it's a little bit, because all our light units here, if you think about it, really is looking up through -- the majority of that through our commercial HVAC business. Really nice margins on that. And all of our parts business fundamentally flipped up to the Climate business. So what you're looking at really is a provision of residential HVAC without light commercial, without parts coming into that. So if you really start to do a benchmark in an apples-to-apples against res competitors, these op margins are pretty much in line and should get a lot better. 
Michael Lamach: Let me see if I can try to get that for you, Josh. And if I have to come back, I will do that, maybe in the answer to another question, okay? So let me think about that and come back. 
Michael Lamach: Really, it's a great question, Jeff, because when we talk about the service and parts business, the service business have lots of tentacles to it. If you think about services being scheduled and unscheduled service and parts, that business is growing nicely. If you think about the part of this which is lower, it's actually the performance contracting and the turnkey contracting business, which makes sense just at a macro level because what you're finding is just a lot more customers opting for more traditional approaches procuring equipment, which we're seeing in the unitary results for sure, as opposed to using financing or guarantees to purchase the equipment. And the performance contracting, and to some extent, the turnkey contracting business, often runs in verse to sort of sentiment. To put a more negative around their ability to finance, they need to do capital improvement, performance contracting goes up. People feel a bit better about it. You'd see it kind of shift more towards traditional avenues to fulfill it. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, we're actually bullish on what's going to happen here. Year-over-year, if you look at a full year of Industrial compared to 2012, I would still be looking for margin improvement. Some 50 basis points would be, I think, really doable, in light of and including sort of all the discussion we've had around slowing markets. So we will get great leverage. So your question about restructuring and so on and so forth, that is so much a part of what's going on here. Just day-to-day lean productivity, constantly thinking about the cost structure of the business, thinking about pricing, new product development. So they're looking within the Industrial business for ways to sort of protect that 50 basis point margin expansion. We've evaluated those plans, and I think it's a good plan. And I think that as you look at sort of protecting the company in terms of EPS plan, we clearly have opportunity in Climate and Res to fill that risk potential. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I'd probably have to come back and answer that one as well. But I can tell you, Josh, regarding your question about 13 SEER, it's about 60% of our mix today. And if you put 13, 14 SEER in there, it's about 75% of our mix. So if you think about the evolution of what we've been able to do and to be competitive at that low end, where it's now 75% of our business, we're pleased with the team's opportunity to navigate that. Coming back to your performance contracting business, it would be down year-over-year. At the mix percentage, we'll try to get you a number here. If you ask Janet, Janet's just got 1/3, about as good an estimate as we've got. 
Michael Lamach: We've got great bookings coming through the production here. So in terms of the basics of factory absorption and the fact that we'll continue to tune the line for the new product line, we're optimistic that sort of that's the leveraged days are ahead in 2013 in that business versus the first 6 months, which haven't been bad at all. In fact, TK's overall margins are going to be up year-over-year no matter what. 
Michael Lamach: I'm the one that's -- look back 25, 30 years on this, and I can tell you that the normalized is over a relatively short period of time quarter-to-quarter. I guess, you can certainly see a spike at the end of the quarter, but pretty tough to recommend a trade stock on that. I'm sure some people pay attention to that. But in our business, it's not going to move the needle all that much around really hot weather at a different point in time. So I'm not the right guy to get on the track of telling you that this hot weather is going to create some huge upside for the company in quarter 3. 
Michael Lamach: This is a good story. Inventory is down by design. We are surveying dealers from order to receipt, 33% last year, faster than we were last time with this year -- this time last year. That's by design. So strategy has been -- have our dealers need to sort of inventory less. That's down. We think it makes it more competitive for our dealers, more competitive for us. So we're purposely working that down and working on speed and fulfillment, thinking that all good things lead to higher profitably and share when cycle times and fill rates are higher, and we're really doing a great job on both of those. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, placeholder, maybe $50 million would be the restructuring that we would need to do, that would not be related to all the other fees involved and costs [indiscernible] to do this. And we're going to adjust that as we need to. I mean, we're really committed to getting a go-forward cost structure right, and a placeholder now of $50 million seems like a decent placeholder to put out there. 
Michael Lamach: Well, what we're doing is you're designing something ultimately from scratch, right? I mean, you're designing a standup company, so you're creating an organizational model there that you think would work going forward. And when you think about standalone company being set up, it's an incremental add to the structure and headcount there. So they're looking about how to do that in a lean way. But clearly, they're going to be adding people and necessary functions and capabilities to run a standalone company. But I don't think that's any more than the cost being allocated from the company to them. We've managed to sort of work that down now, so that I think that'll be fairly neutral allocated cost to standup cost. 
Michael Lamach: Well, let me take the first part of the question. The -- we actually paid off the 2013 and '14 securities this past week. So we'll start to see the improvement in the interest expense through the second half here, in late July through the end of the year. So it's a small impact in 2013. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean, so Industrial, we talked about 50 bps. Security, I think, the goal there is to grow the business and remain relatively flat. Actually, we could have improve margins, but that's not the -- so much of the issue there is around growth, so look for flat margins there and investment around growth. And I look at the Res business and see that they're on track and they're expected to get 2 full points. I think we'll do that. And in Climate, no reason. Even with the modifications we've made with some of the mix between Industrial and Commercial that we wouldn't see 50 basis points improvement there again. Just I think a steady improvement, sustainable improvement, I think done the right way with the right investments, and I feel good about 50 basis points there. 
Steven Shawley: And the other thing about the other inflation, that includes all salary increases. And we have -- we're on a pretty much of an April 1 salary merit increase schedule. So the first quarter is always going to look a little better than the rest of the year because of that factor, Julian. 
Steven Shawley: Yes. So price was just about 1 point for the company, 90 basis points. So from there, we would have lost, say, 20 basis points to inflation, so that was in that 70 there. 
Steven Shawley: You're looking -- just color-wise, if you look at what we've got left to do for the back half of the year, I mean, clearly, industrial here, we're looking to see sort of what's going to happen, looking to the next couple of quarters and particularly the booking turn business. So it's a place where we would apply more risk to that with the industrial. And if you look at a place or 2 that we assigned, perhaps more in that opportunity, it would be Residential, maybe Climate just because they're executing so well. In Security, it should come in right about on the numbers. I don't see much risk in what we're reporting there. So I think in aggregate -- and that's after like the forecast we've got with probably a bit more concern around industrial, momentum and a bit more optimism around Res and Climate. 
Steven Shawley: Yes. And I would just want to reiterate the investment side. If you look at the corporate spend, it was up in the quarter versus prior year, primarily due to the fact of investments going on with the IT technology transformation we're going through. So we did not skimp on investments in the quarter. And just to add to Mike's commentary, the thing that's probably going a little better than we expected, and it's very pleasant to have it going this way, would be the leverage we're seeing on the Trane commercial business. That I think it's a truly remarkable achievement that we've seen now, starting late last year and really showing up here in Q2. With any kind of volume, you'd expect to see that type of leverage to continue. 
Steven Shawley: It's going to a bit of a pattern throughout the year. If you look at what happened this quarter, in April, we went live with the first phase of the transformation to the common systems across the company. So the whole team, the whole -- the cost structure we have employed to make this transformation work really fell on to an expense category because they were in an implementation mode in Q2. What goes on -- because of the accounting rules, we have to expense all that money when they're in an implementation mode. As we move into the third quarter, we shift back into design phase for the Phase 2. So some of the expense in Q3 will be capitalized and then amortized later once the systems come up and running. So you're going to see a spiking throughout the year depending on when we go live in the various phases. I would say that if you look at 2014, we expect the spend to peak out in '15, some slight incremental increases in '14 and '15 from this point. But certainly, start to abate in 2016. 
