Dave Regnery: Sure, no problem. Our commercial -- let me start in EMEA, okay. And our commercial business in EMEA has been strong all year. And a lot of that is fuel, not necessarily by the market but more has to do with the innovation that we've been able to introduce into the market. So we're seeing a lot of uptick in our heat pump technologies as well as we're entering into the industrial air cooling space. So I would say EMEA is more led by the innovation side and you saw the strong bookings we had in the fourth quarter. In the Americas, we had some really tough comps there. You have to remember that two-year stack were up over 25%. So we actually did exactly what we thought we would do in the Americas, it was down, but again comparing the stack that we are up against we're okay with our performance there. Our business in the Americas we're seeing strength in certain verticals certainly data centers, warehousing, and we see those trends continuing into 2021.
Dave Regnery: Sure, this is Dave. Again, I'll start and Mike can add. But will start in the Transport Americas it's pretty clear and I just spoke about in the appendix there but are the topics of interest rather. So we think the Americas will ramp through the year in our Transport business. Overall, we're estimating that the growth rate there would be a little north of 25% and that's good to see. Our fourth quarter bookings in transport really support our assumptions going in to the opportunity to 2021 year and residential very strong fourth quarter revenue growth over 20%, nice bookings that we saw there. We anticipate that 2021 will be more of a normalized year in totality. So we're thinking the low-single digits maybe gets up to mid-single digits. However, it's going to be choppy, right. We're going to have some very tough comps in the back half of the year just because of the strength that we saw in 2020. In the Americas this is going to be a first half, second half. We're anticipating the second half to be stronger than the first half and a lot of that's going to be led by vaccine distribution and the administration of those vaccines into people's arms.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I'll start Steve this is Dave. I'll start with the resi question first. It was a strong quarter for us for residential, up 20%. And remember, we're 50-50, okay. So 50% independent wholesalers, 50% company owned. If you look just at the IWD, they had some strong sell-through in the fourth quarter, it was in the mid-teens. So obviously our sell-in was more than that as they adjust their inventory levels, but there sell-through was in the mid-teens, which is -- which was encouraging for us. On the global basis for the applied, I guess on the global basis, you'd probably have it right, it's probably up in the low-single digit range.
Dave Regnery: Yes, I'd say, our backlogs are strong coming into 2021. We're up in the mid-teens, which is nice to see. So, and good activity there.
Dave Regnery: Well, I totally agree with told you, Mike. The day two activity that we're seeing is starting to pick up. And as Mike said, remember our indoor air quality are based on the system view. So as we're upgrading on the day two opportunities, it's really about embedding a lot of IAQ solutions into the system. And that activity is going nicely for us.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Hi, Gautam. On the 2023 you're right there is an efficiency change. We're ready for it, okay actually a lot of our portfolio today already leads that efficiency change as far as refrigerant, I think that was your second and follow-on there. The next refrigerant change really is 2025 in California. And again, we're looking at different options there and then there's some time that was originally going to be 2023, it got pushed back a bit by California 2025. So short answer is 2023 yes, where our team is now working on that for a while lot about portfolio already quality meets that requirement and the refrigerant is out a few years.
Dave Regnery: Jeff, it's going to be the first half is going to be easier comps, obviously than the second half. And we know what -- here everyone knows what happened last year. There was a little conservative coming into the season some heat hit and then all of a sudden they're going get called or some of the RWD has caught a bit short. So, but it's going to be a first half-second half phenomenon. But overall, as Mike said, we expect a more normal year for resi.
Dave Regnery: I think we're going to have a great growth year for Thermal and the Americas as well as Europe will be a little bit less, but --
Mike Lamach: Joe, I would say we were optimistic that we're going to get this right, from a distribution perspective on vaccines. And I can tell you from our company's perspective, we're working with a very large healthcare provider in the Southeast and bringing not only the cold storage capability, but logistics and lean capability to think about giving shots and tack time like we run and operation into plan. And we have Industrial friends and colleagues working with other health care providers to do the same and if that sort of thing that gives me some optimism that we're going at this thing right. We're concerned about, obviously the efficacy of the vaccine against variants, and that could be an issue. But again, we're optimistic that vaccines will be have efficacy because of RNA technology basically being able to quickly adapt to that. We also think there's some potential wildcards that could be helpful. One would be to the extent in the US, we've got federal support to schools around helping with ventilation is an example to the extent that you could see that funding disbursed. And it will be a formulaic disbursement much like federal funding happens with schools. You would see potentially if vaccine gets on quick enough maybe between May and September an opportunity to really impact schools as well, but it's not, I mean eventually that's going to flow I believe to helping valuation and obviously we're a big player in ventilation in schools. So we're not like counting on that per say but there is an opportunity for us if that were to happen. I think over a multi-year period we seek some benefit from that as well.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I think RNA technology and the need for cold storage add max volumes is something that every healthcare system ultimately every state is going to provide for some capacity. This could look like much like a flu shot or a booster shot, every year in my mind, and RNA technology becomes more prevalent for other situations again you're needing cold storage for that to take place as well. So I think that's sufficient capacity and certainly will be growth in the more traditional modes of transport refrigeration thinking about traitor and truck and air and so on and so forth, but I do think some of the cold-storage the mobile large scale cold storage devices are going to be a longer-term opportunity. In the short run, I would say that when you tend to have a centralized government response with the National Healthcare System it seems to be going quicker and we seem to have more need, more demand for the large-scale storage capacity solutions that we have. As you see these larger mass vaccination sites and that becomes more obvious that there some wasted vaccine and you see that the apps in the lines of people queuing for any vaccine it's going to get way through at the end of a day. I believe you're going to see more demand for larger scale kind of mobile storage in the pop-ups going along. So long story short, there is an element of this, which will be a surge in 2021. But there's probably a structural element to readiness as it relates to countries, cities states for more cold storage and more of an ongoing remediation or ongoing capacity to handle this type of vaccine.
Mike Lamach: Steve I appreciate your persistence in asking the question three, four times and we not [indiscernible] one time. But I'm not going to go there. So, got you.
Mike Lamach: Services are going to continue to grow and in some ways we're building some, we're not open and and people deferred expect there to be a very good service growth this year. I mean even in the Americas with Commercial Americas and the Dodge data kind of pointing down run some of the stuff. We think is a pathway between you realize, that's about 15% of really, kind of how we would think about modeling our business anyway, but the reality is that the retrofits that we would do -- key work and the deferred service that would be happening should give us a pathway to see some growth while albeit maybe lower but growth in Commercial Americas next year. Almost every IAQ survey we do amounts to some business because what we realized as we do these things and we've got teams out there, let's just go fix the stuff that we can fixed right away while we're there. So it's invariable that now you being paid for the survey you're being paid for the really quick stop that -- go get done. And then obviously the long tail, and this becomes the proposals around asset renewal and the customers' capacity to pay for some of these things to get to an optimal model. And they request that as day two getting the customer ready for the long term and being part of that capital planning, our maintenance planning model going forward. So it's a very, very high relationship between sort of doing surveying and doing work.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I mean the technology exists to eliminate greenhouse gas emissions from air conditioning, refrigeration systems. Now today we've had it out for five, six years at this point in time. And so when you think about bending the curve on a quarter to a third of the world's carbon emissions by '23, it's a shame not to go do the easiest thing, which is a technology that's already been invented and we've done this. It's out in the marketplace. The added advantage is we beginning it about 2015 and 2016. No longer had to ask customers to pay a premium for it because we actually design all system efficiencies to be lower than the high greenhouse gas emission solutions that are out there for the space. So we want to see codes, standards, laws, rules changed that would limit this. And it's not that you don't need to take the tax you could, you could put a price on it, doesn't really matter. We're giving customers an economic motivation to do this, because the paybacks are better and taken all the greenhouse gas emissions out and that's what we're trying to leave. That's what the whole Gigaton Challenge we launched was. This is in 2015 when we had science-based targets. Now, we were the first maybe industrial, but for sure the first HVAC company that science based targets approved. We finish those 2020 targets in 2018, and so you're launched to 2030 commitments, and we are actually hoping -- that later today. We've actually received approval from the committee that approved science based commitments. Of course it takes years to be able to do that and it takes thousands of thousands of internal hours to put those plans together and the make sure that the base in science and approved. But fundamentally, it's changing laws, codes, standards to avoid gas emissions from HVAC refrigeration period.
Mike Lamach: No. I would see it more as economic based. The reason we're winning because we're not asking people to make the choice. We're saying we're going to give you the best total cost of the ownership and we're going to knock out the emissions in the process and we're winning. And others are going to follow, because they need to take the same approach, right. I mean you need to become more energy efficient, and you need to do that with a better carbon emissions profile. And we could wait for codes in 2025 and 2030 and all the stuff, but we don't need to. The innovation is there. So more that we can make this an economic benefit we don't need to wait for codes and standards. But when you get to the tail end of this thing, yes, sure standards help, codes help all those things kind of lock it in.
Mike Lamach: Well, in the market, I mean that's the place, you don't want to be right, if your business model is around like commercial and it's around big box retail national accounts and those sorts of things. I mean that's clearly kind of where the rather than the risk is, but again, I'm confident that eventually we're going to be able to open the economy, people are going to go spend time in social restaurants and movie theaters. And if you're looking for a proxy of that when the things start to really improve its when the people you know that have been the most careful in this pandemic feel comfortable eating inside and going to the movie theater, but those markets are going to be tough, and you hear about restaurants and small businesses, maybe being closed at a 30% rate, permanently closed. But clearly there is unitary markets, that absolutely are booming and it's about warehousing and people shopping online because just they don't go to retail and the fact to get people in warehouse to work. They need to be conditioned spaces. And so what we are warehouses more conditioned. We're seeing them condition today. You're seeing that in a lot of markets. But the net of it is you got to keep an eye on markets that are going to grow that are not really structurally impaired and you got to be cautious about the white commercial retail markets. And we made that decision,10 years ago about what we wanted to play, which was data centers and warehousing, those sorts of places.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Thanks, Andy. And then you realize that dealers are now at ubiquitous term here in our company, right.
Mike Lamach: Just to clarify those -- TK is going to always be an independent channel for us. Our commercial business is 90% commercial channel going to 100. And our residential channel is 50-50 and that's the only place that we make an analytical decision to say what's best for share and margin expansion. And somebody do it better locally. Do we need to do it? How do we grow? So our view is TK independent, Commercial HVAC is going to be wholly owned indirect. And then Residential is going to the US discussion in Canada. It's going to be mixed with the sole focus on margin and market share.
Mike Lamach: No, no. I think you just kind of going into more normalized behavior. So system anomaly in 2020. So no, it's really tough comps.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I think a lot of distributors too waiting just like we're waiting to see all of those, sort of what's happening with vaccine distribution, efficacy and markets opening, but there is a bias, not to get cut short in terms of inventory, but if there is a general reopening and people in some scale level are returning back to the office and work, you would see obviously a little bit of shift maybe away from overshooting that.
Mike Lamach: Look at the big super freezers. We got a great product just launched four to six months ago and in all of Europe, it's doing well. So yes, I mean, I don't think you might get into the sort of what we're embedding in terms of share gain there, but we would expect to outperform the market and then report that out to you as that happens.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Hi, Julian, it's Chris. I would tell you that again our current inflation right now what we see is included in that 30% full year organic leverage guidance, but to Mike's point we enter every year thinking in our playbook at 20 to 30 basis point improvement price over cost. And some of that's really executed through our typical strategies around locking strategy, so for copper we're entering into any period generally 70% locked and were over 50% locked from a full year perspective. The timing of our steel purchasing those lead times are about six months. So that gives us some visibility to think about how we pricing the marketplace at that point. So those are just part of our standard playbook. And at the same time, we'll look at pricing throughout the year is necessary to make sure that we're still executing to the 20 or 30 basis points. But, so to Mike's point we have been here before. We understand the variables and right now we're just executing our normal playbook.
Chris Kuehn: Hey Julian, good question. So elaborate. As you said, we're very happy with our performance in 2020 and the conversion, 158% conversion. For 2021 we are guiding to a 100% free cash flow conversion. So, I don't think that's at the $1.7 billion level, that's had a much lower level from a conversion perspective based on the guide we gave of $5.40 at the midpoint. But I would tell you know year-over-year we're going to have some stronger earnings that's expected. We absolutely intend to continue to reinvest in the business, that's part of our model for 100% free cash flow conversion. I do expect some strategically, let's say modest working capital expansion. As you noted were down a little bit over 1% working capital at the end of 2020. I don't see us necessarily going back to the levels we had in 2019. I think we've learned a lot about what we need in the business, and while I expect some of that to come back a bit, it really will come back to really support our expected growth in the year. CapEx was still in our 1% to 2% range for final amounts in 2020, and I expect that to still be 1% to 2% for 2021. So, otherwise, I think we've got all the right metrics in place to go execute at 100% managing our working capital as earnings grow and expected growth and then funding the business as we need to.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, Scott, I wouldn't size it. I wouldn't take the risk of sizing it, because we're learning a lot about it. I will say it's -- we're really I would say disrupting the game because there's never been cold storage at these temperatures with these capacities. And if you think about sort of the old way of looking at a cold pharma logistics center these would have been larger sort of residential freezers or what would have gone into a, even a major hospital necessarily might have been a larger looking residential freezer, you know the size of that as opposed to something that could be 10/10,10/20 or even larger something that would be portable. It can run on short power, it can run on diesel. It can be moved and managed telematically. So, and if you think about the cost to store a dose, it's a fraction literally a tiny fraction of the cost in the industry. So this is disruptive. Dave's comments moving to industrial refrigeration is disruptive and that we can provide a better industrial process cooling solution using ammonia and safer more energy and efficient. So these are some of the more disruptive things that we're thinking about. It's hard to put a number on the big markets.
Chris Kuehn: Scott, just a little extra color on the vaccine distribution. I was working with, well as Mike said earlier, we're working with the local health care provider here in the Carolinas on helping them with logistics, we started to talk through their storage need and the first response was well, right now we don't have enough vaccine. So we don't have a storage need. And that is our team started to ask the follow-on questions with these mRNA vaccines and are they going to go away or more to come. They realize that a deep freeze container like we can provide gives then ultimate flexibility. And at the end of May, they made purchases based on the fact that they wanted to make sure that they will not be any kind of healthcare provider, they had to destroy any vaccines because they were not kept at the right temperature.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, it's, we have certainly both in turned a lot in the indoor air quality space but systems don't capture nuances and change orders and tweaks that may be related to that. So it's hardly worth the effort. And that's why I think it's really a structural long-term change in the way that standards are applied to buildings and ultimately codes, and then how that moves across the world, and this is why I'm convinced, it's going to be, you know, a permanent IAQ change. With regard to cold storage and vaccines. Because of the capacity, so we can store these things and the finite number of pop-up hospitals and sites, it's not a large single opportunity. It's really something that structurally, I think will change to my earlier comment about readiness whether that is FEMA, and other country response organizations that are prepared or major medical centers and regions of the country that will have capacity that will be different than they had in the past from out storage. So it's not going to be a huge thing, but it's just another critical link in the cold chain, it's another opportunity to apply something that is more disruptive in terms of what was thought to be medical storage, cold storage in the past and then getting into these temperatures of minus 94 offers an example. It's no small feat. So we're looking for other ways and applications to be able to use that process for getting to that to look at other applications for cold storage.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, John what I'd say is, I'm going to go back end of the call and record what you just said, because you've actually explain the launch of Trane Technologies is probably better than I have over the last year. It's exactly what we think is an enormous opportunity. The data, the size that we're looking at you're talking about $400 billion square feet, it's just commercial space communal space. It's pretty tough for anybody to have a high degree of accuracy on that, but the reality is, and what we know and experience and what our teams tell us around the world is tremendous opportunity to upset[ph] upgrade. And this will happen, I mean you can look at what's happening in the EU as an example. It's just amazing looking at the electrification of heat as an example and look at the map in Europe and the refrigerant deadlines that you are seeing not only standards change but codes and law changing around this. Again, the point about being happy with heat pump growth. We're five generations in now with the electrification of heat in Europe. We five generations, five years into that process, and if you go back over a long period of time in Europe, you've seen really strong growth rates for us in that area -- for just showed strong growth rates period in a flattish economy. So it really makes the case for why we spoke to the company. Why we think that this is a multiple GDP business. At the end of the day investors buy a portfolio or an idea. Hopefully they buy a business model that they feel confident in the delivery and they buy management team that can deliver on that. So you're making the case for why we think that Trane Technologies this is our future.
Chris Kuehn: It's a great question and I appreciate the opportunity to clarify that. We give you a billion because we know how difficult it is for you to model M&A, right. It depends on when you do it and what it is and so on and so forth. So we're giving you is something that you can count on which is we're going to deploy $1 billion of cash toward these things. We very much love the 20 plus deals we've done in the last three, four, five years that has all been extraordinarily profitable in terms of ROAs. Soon wanted to do more of those. And so if we could find the right opportunities we will. And as you know, often coming out of a recession, coming out of the downturn there is opportunity, and we feel like we've got the capacity to be able to do that. So we Haven't yet model that because you need to do something with the cash and some of the capital and we're trying to give you a minimum expectation, but if we found outstanding M&A to go to do, we're going to go do that because there is -- that's really the compounding effect. And, yes this is one of the reasons we've seen cash flow ROIC be what it is, which has been top quartile now for years in terms of the industrial sector. And yes, we don't want any more of it.
Chris Kuehn: I'll start, Jeff. I think back in 2020 the TK business delevered with the lower volumes, but I think with our playbook they stay within their gross margins for the year. For 2021, we see that as part of our, a bit of tailwind and that's what modeling 30% organic leverage on the full year, about five points higher than where our long-term target is. Our long-term target being 25%, but we're seeing 2021 beginning the year with some higher leverage organically at the 30% level, fueled by the TK growth as well as the transformation savings that we're continuing to improve on a year-over-year basis as well.
Chris Kuehn: Yes, Jeff I recognize when we think about backlogs we are only looking at equipment. We're not looking at sort of the service contracts and that sorts of things. So what's Dave saying is really healthy, right. That's a good backlog kind of pushing into the year and then obviously we expect to renew and grow our service arrangements and relationships with customers as well.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. We continue to Asia -- I mean China has recovered nicely from the pandemic. Okay. And we continue to see good results there. The rest of Asia is really spotty and it's really country specific and they're really struggling with the pandemic. For 2021 we think it's going to be a mixed year. We believe that China will continue to perform and we're confident that they will. The rest of Asia, it's going to be -- let's get this vaccine distributed and let's show the economies hopefully the economy start to come back in the second half of the year and we think that will almost rebuilt into our models.
