David Regnery: Thanks, Chris. Please turn to Slide number 9. Commercial HVAC Americas has significantly outperformed the broader markets over a number of years through strong focus, agility, and execution. Combined with relentless innovation for our customers. These defining characteristics compounded by the strength of the underlying market conditions power the business forward today, yielding bookings growth of over 30% in the quarter an exceptional backlog entering Q4. Booking strength was universal across nearly every vertical market and major product category. End-markets continued to improve. Vaccination rates are improving. and end-market indicators are generally strong, with ABI over $50 since February and a healthy GDP. Data centers and warehouse demand remain strong. Education and healthcare end market demand is also growing. We're benefiting from increased demand across our K through 12 customers, with federal stimulus fund supporting both current and more importantly future growth. We see this as a multiyear tailwind for our business, given our strong position in the education market and our direct sales force with deep relationships in this vertical. Our residential end markets remain strong. As I mentioned previously, we delivered low single-digit bookings growth in the quarter, compounding on nearly 40% growth in the prior year. And we are entering the fourth quarter with unprecedented backlog. I'm proud of our residential team that has continued to meet customer demand while ramping capacity after our February weather event in our Texas facility. The team delivered historically high revenues in Q3 and is on track for capacity expansion in advance of next year's cooling season. Turning to Americas transport, we're significantly outgrowing strong end markets in 2021. ACT market forecaster projecting strong growth in 2022 and 2023 as well. I'll talk more about the transport outlook in our topics of interest section. Turning to EMEA, economic conditions are improving across the region. We expect continued improvement for the remainder of the year, with increased vaccination rates supporting the opening of an increased number and variety of venues. Transport markets have been strengthening throughout the year, and we're on track to outperform end markets in 2021, as evidenced by our year-to-date performance. Turning to Asia, we expect growth in China in 2021, supported by increased vaccination rates and strengthened data centers, electronics, pharmaceutical, and healthcare. Outside of China, the picture is mixed, with vaccination and economic recovery rates still low in some countries. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris. Chris.
David Regnery: Yeah. Sure, Joe, great question. Tight supply chain really globally, we talked about it during our second quarter earnings call. It caused us to push about $150 million of revenue out of the quarter, as we said. we think we'll get about 50 to 75 of that back in the fourth quarter. Our team is doing a great job of managing the supply chain constraints. We chose not to include a slide in our deck telling you the 50 things that we're doing to manage our suppliers or help our suppliers. But I could assure you that supply chain resiliency has been part of our business operating system for a long time. And I can assure you that Trane Technologies employees around the globe are working hand in hand with our suppliers, ensuring that we could take literally pages out of our operating system and help them implement it. We think it's going to be choppy for a while on the supply chain, at least for the foreseeable future. It's a little bit, I think I mentioned it in the second quarter call, it's a little bit like when you were a kid, you play that game Whack-A-Mole, where we fix one problem and another problem pops up. But if you're looking for overarching kind of like where are we seeing constraints? I don't think we're -- I know we're not any different than what you probably already heard from the rest of the industrials that have reported. Electronics, resin, semiconductors, wire harnesses, these are all areas that certainly at an overarching level, we're seeing supply chain constraints. That said, just a couple of points I want to make. One is, we're working very closely with our customers. It's very important that in some cases our customers are having supply chain constraints on the job sites, which is causing them to push out jobs. So we're working with them to make sure that we could deliver product when they need it. If you look at our Thermo King business, we're really aligning with our customers there around build slots that they're getting from the trailer OEMS tractor suppliers. So this hand-in-hand relationship with the customer, it's pretty dynamic right now. And then the last point I'd like to make, Joe is that I know we've talked a lot about supply chain constraints. We also have to be fair to our suppliers. I know many of them are probably listening to the call or will read the transcript. We are putting tremendous pressure on our suppliers with the amount of demand that we're seeing in the marketplace right now. If you look at our Commercial HVAC business in the Americas, our unitary and applied both are up over 50% incoming order rates in the third quarter. So with that kind of -- you can imagine we're pushing that right on to our suppliers and putting orders on them. So they're seeing some pretty big spikes that they're having to manage through. Your question on, is there a particular business? It's pretty wide spread. There's more acute maybe in our Thermo King business. We had a couple of suppliers there that we've worked through some of the issues with. So we're pretty confident that we'll be able to rebound there in the fourth quarter. We're also seeing -- we're seeing across the globe the other businesses that would call us probably our Commercial HVAC business. Certainly there the resin impact and kind of a knock-on effect that we've been seeing now for several quarters.
David Regnery: Yeah, the only thing I would add to that, Joe, is that price is never easy to get despite what people may think. But when you have an innovative portfolio of products, it becomes that much easier. As you're selling additional value to your customer, being able to get pricing, it becomes a little bit easier.
David Regnery: Sure. Good question. As far as the demand goes, we had said early on that we thought would be 1% to 2% tailwind. We're seeing 2% this year. Pipeline is strong. What started out to be strong in really just healthcare and education, we're now seeing in office and other verticals. So that's the good news. On the other thing, I would tell you that if you remember, we had an approach where we were doing indoor air quality audits where we would do a day one activity, where we do the audits, make the environment as safe as possible today with existing assets. And then we give a road map as to how you would do day two activity. Those day two activities are really starting to come through for us, especially in the education with some stimulus funds flowing there. So that's a good news story. As far as we see indoor air quality as a mega trend that's not going to go away. It's top of mind. I mean, Trane Technologies has always had a robust focus on indoor air quality. It was always big in the healthcare vertical. It's now top of mind in all verticals. But we don't see this stopping. We see people constantly asking about indoor air quality. I would tell you that we're building it into our systems, which is kind of your second question there is. This is now integrated into a system, and we're seeing nice traction in all verticals.
David Regnery: Yeah, this is Dave. We're really seeing a lot of traction, especially with our dry hydrogen and peroxide solutions. And this is predominantly in the education vertical as we're building this into the systems. And the dry hydrogen peroxide solution, the unique innovation there is that these molecules last longer. So if you think about a school room where you have students that are moving around the different class rooms on different desks, these molecules actually settle on the desk, so they clean the air as well as the surface. And we're getting a lot of traction around that.
David Regnery: What I would add to that is also we got pricing built in and we got mechanisms in place and also  our backlog is very firm. We're not seeing cancellations on our backlog and don't anticipate cancellations for backlog in the future.
David Regnery: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Yeah. We look at our resin business at a very high level as a GDP plus business. So if you could tell us what GDP is, you could tell us what consumer confidence is. We could dial in what our residential business and how it's going to perform. That said obviously we have detailed models that we go through and it's really just to validate our high level approach. So GDP is projected to be positive next year, and we do not see the resi business falling off a cliff in 2022. We see the GDP plus business.
David Regnery: The only thing the only thing I would add to that is that the operating system, don't underestimate the amount of work we've put into building our operating system to stay ahead of these inflationary curves. I mean, as Chris said, I think it was the last time we had this type of inflation, it took us several quarters to overcome them. And now we're in the quarter being able to offset it. So we're very proud that we've been able to do that.
David Regnery: Good question. Yes, we do have a long-term contract and prices for escalations potential. So that estimate is taking into consideration, we have our .
David Regnery: Yeah. Innovation, you kind of hit on it, Andy. That's what's really driving us in EMEA and it's just such a great place to be. The advancer product in our Thermo King business, it's exceeding our expectations. If you look at what we've been able to do with the electrification of heating in the HVAC business, again, it's in tremendous demand, tremendous demand. I don't want to get into specifics as to how big we are or how large the market is there. But I would tell you that it is propelling our growth and we're excited about what the pipeline looks like in the future. And rest assured, the innovations are continuing there as we continue to look to expand the, what we call the operating maps of how our HVAC product works. We're going for higher temperatures on the heating side and lower temperatures on the cooling side, which are only going to expand our market further.
David Regnery: I'll add, Andy. Sorry, on the incremental is your question there. Look, we've set up each of the segments to really have over the long term 25% plus incremental. So, we think Europe is well situated for that over the long run to deliver.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean, Asia Pacific is about 10% of Trane Technologies, it's an important region for us. Let's talk about it in 2 different pieces, talk about China first, obviously, GDP, it's pretty well documented, has slowed a bit in the third quarter, or at least versus expectations, I think it was 4.9 and expectations were over 6. So it is slowing a bit in China. I would tell you though where it continues to grow. Think about electronics, pharmaceuticals, datacenters, healthcare, are also verticals that we're very strong in. So, we're seeing nice growth in China and we expect that to continue in the future. You get outside of China, it really becomes country-specific. And unfortunately, we're still having some countries that are going into different phases of lockdowns based on where the pandemic is. But it's going to be a little bit mixed outside of China, at least into the fourth quarter.
David Regnery: First-half would have been positive, but are much smaller numbers, Steve. Just given how price has grown considerably from Q1 now to Q3, expecting Q4 to be flattish price cost. The full year, I think we're probably around the flattish range. Maybe it could be slightly positive. Our goal here is to keep driving the innovation and then driving the pricing to reflect what we think the inflation is going to be. So really happy where we are year-to-date on the price realization. Like I said before, it's going to grow a bit in the fourth quarter. At the same time, we're seeing inflation grow into the fourth quarter, and we're really just trying to stay ahead of it. So I'm thinking flattish to slightly positive on the full-year.
David Regnery: I don't know if we've actually probably given that number. It would have probably been less than the 150 would be my guess, but I'd have to go look at that.
David Regnery: To be fair, Steve, it was more than 50%, and both our unitary and applied, we're both over 50%. So the  being part of that number was very strong, as you would imagine. So we have seen unbelievable amounts of growth in our Commercial HVAC equipment business. And it's actually, and I've said it earlier, but it's actually, to be fair to our suppliers, we're putting that demand right on them. So it's causing them to have to spike forward as well.
David Regnery: Yeah. On the IWG side, which again, is about 50% of our business sell-through was mid single-digits, sell-in was flat. So obviously their inventory adjusted as you would expect, in a shoulder season. The next to follow-on question is, Steve, would be, what's inventory level look like in the IWG space? It's about what you would expect, maybe a bit lower than we would like this time a year, but it's nothing to call out.
David Regnery: Steve, to your earlier question, just to follow up on that for the first half kind of price for the enterprise is around 2.2%. So less than a $150 million we realized in Q3, we got a little less than that for the first half of the year. So that price is really ramped up from the first half to Q3 and we're expecting that to be stronger even in Q4.
David Regnery: I would say in the first half was positive, again, with less than 150, but positive in the first half, slightly positive in Q3. And we're expecting 5s for Q4.
David Regnery: Yeah. As we said earlier, we're still working through the 2022, but just talking about the backlog. I mean, you really need to -- as far as when it burns, you really need to go through it by business. So if you think about our Commercial HVAC business with applied orders, that backlog, when an order comes in, there could be a 6 to 9-month burn rate on those type orders before the actual ship. In the Teekay, it's a little bit different this year than I've seen in other years. We had a lot of customers place orders in the first quarter and kind of lay them in through the rest of the year. And the other complication with Teekay we're seeing right now is obviously we're working with our customers on their slots for trailers and tractors. So normally the burn rate in Teekay would be 2 months to 3 months. That's been extended a little bit just because of the constraints associated with the actual building of a trailer. On the resi space, our backlog turns. It's turning on a regular basis. And overall, I mean, we have a very large backlog. We have order demand that is some of the best I've ever seen in my career. But understand, our backlog is not stale. It continues to churn and we're shipping out, we're just getting order rates that we haven't seen in a very long time in this business that are continuing to build this backlog.
David Regnery: Yeah, Nigel, I would say, yes, price costs right now, it's a little bit challenging in the near-term. We're really are on track to having very strong full-year margin expansion in the region. If I go back, even just two years, a two-year stack, we're up over 400 basis points in margin expansion in the region. If we go back to when we invested in our direct sales force of over 500 basis points. So the region has had some great growth, being very selective around orders as well. I will tell you that we'll continue to evaluate the pricing environment and make price increases where necessary. And I'd be looking for that region like for the rest of the Company to be getting price cost positive going into 2022, but near-term, little bit of challenges. It's also a little bit of loss small numbers for revenue, our margin contraction in the quarter for Asia in Q3.
David Regnery: In as far as labor constraints in our own four-walls, it's really -- we have seen some early in Q3. This subsided a bit as we moved through the quarter. We're planning for it. It's just a matter of how your training mechanism and hiring of new people. So that's happening. On a job site basis. We have seen jobs push out to your point because of job site labor constraints. It's not anything that I would spike out and say it's super alarming, but it's certainly there, and it's not just in North America. It's really on a global basis.
David Regnery: Yes. I mean, we had some acute supplier problems in our Thermo King business and we've been able to overcome those. So we are -- we have line of sight to what we're guiding to you right now. That said, supply chain is very volatile right now. It is the whack-a-mole game. So we fixed one problem and then other one comes out. But it should really about staying on top of where you are, working with your customers, working with your suppliers. And it's a lot about communication and I would tell you that our operating system allows us to be working hand-in-hand with our suppliers to make sure they can meet the expectations that we're seeing, which again, is extremely robust right now.
David Regnery: Yes. We're seeing -- we're seeing funds flow, which is a good thing, 2024 is the date, whereas we spend. That may -- that's the date right now that may get pushed out, obviously, you going to think about any work you're going to do on a school, you're going to do when students aren't there, so you tend to become a quote season to do score. What funds are flowing, the elementary, secondary school relief, emergency relief for ESSER as they have it. It's flowing from the states down to the local levels. And we're seeing really, really good traction where we did a phase one indoor air quality audit. We gave our customer our roadmap for the future, they're now executing to many of those roadmaps with upgrades in their facility.
David Regnery: Well, hopefully the consumer doesn't get tired, but I'm not sure the historical models on the cycles have played out certainly in the past. Again, we look at it as the GDP plus business. We have models that will go through replacement cycles and use of unit etc.. and they have a lot of data on and the rest. But at the end of the day, if you think about as a GDP plus business, you think about consumer confidence, that's what drives that market. And we're very happy with the performance that we've had this year. And GDP will be positive in 2022.
David Regnery: Yeah, we have several upgrades that we're doing, actually continuous as we continue to upgrade our lines. We've seen some push out, but nothing that we can't manage.
David Regnery: The answer to partial assemblies is yes, we could have you come work for us in Operations because that's obviously what's remaining for some components. In some cases, you could do a partial assemblies. In some cases you cannot. But as far as the revenue recognition of the cost, Chris, I don't know if you want to have it, but the answer is no.
David Regnery: Yes. It is an excellent question and obviously we pride ourselves in being a lean Company. And maybe that's why we were out talking about supply chain choppiness in the second quarter ahead of many others, because we saw it in our planning horizons. That said, we have capacity for sure, but the inventory investment is something that we're working with internally and an inventory don't think of it necessarily as finished goods. Maybe you would in the resi business, but in our Commercial business, it's really at the raw level where you're able to convert it more easily into WIP and then finished goods.
David Regnery: Yes. It's been -- I don't know. It's been a 150 days. It feels like forever, but this is just such a great Company, Trane Technologies. And we have -- and we are a part of such a great industry. So I couldn't be prouder to be the CEO of Trane Technologies. We're talking -- I'm talking next week at COP26, talking about a way for the next rate invention to starting to de -carbonizing the world decent benches already exist today. So I'm excited to do that. And then the only thing I would add is we just completed our employee engagement survey. And here we are. I don't know how many years in this. But top decile performance for engagement is our culture that differentiates us and not sure that's going to differentiate between me and my, but it is really our culture and how much pride we'd taken to building a strong culture. So Trane Technologies is in a great place today and it's -- we're headed in an even better place in the future, but thanks for the -- thanks for the question.
Chris Kuehn: Thanks, Dave. Please turn to slide number 10. Given all the puts and takes we've discussed today, our guidance for 2021 is unchanged. Importantly, we continue to see our 2021 adjusted EPS growth guidance of more than 30% as top quartile among peers and the broader industrials. We've discussed the shift in revenues from Q3 to Q4 in 2022 throughout the call. Our fourth quarter revenues are supported by record backlog, and that backlog is firm. Supply chain, labor, and logistic systems will continue to be challenging, and are the limiting factor to potential upside, not demand or backlog. We also continue to expect free cash flow to remain strong at equal to or greater than a 100% of adjusted net income. Please go to slide number 11. As we outlined during our investor event in December, we are on track to deliver $300 million of run rate savings by 2023, including $90 million in 2021. Importantly, we continue to invest these cost savings to further fuel innovation and other investments across the portfolio. This consistent investment strengthens our high performance flywheel, which has a reinforcing and compounding effect over time. Please go to slide number 12. We remain committed to our balanced capital allocation strategy that is focused on consistently deploying excess cash to opportunities with the highest returns for shareholders. First, we continue to strengthen our core business through relentless business reinvestment. Second, we're committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet that provides us with continued optionality as our markets evolve. Third, we expect to consistently deploy a 100% of excess cash over time using a balanced approach that includes strategic M&A that further improves long-term shareholder returns and share repurchases as the stock trades below our calculated intrinsic value. Please turn to Slide 13, and I'll provide an update on how we're deploying excess cash in 2021. Year-to-date, we have deployed $1.8 billion in cash with approximately $1 billion to M&A and share repurchases, including $250 million for the Farrar scientific life sciences acquisition, we closed in October. We have paid $422 million in dividends and $425 million to pay down debt. Our strong free cash flow, liquidity, and balance sheet continue to give us excellent capital allocation optionality, and dry powder moving forward. We are on track to deploy at least $2.5 billion in excess cash in 2021. Now, I would like to turn the call back over to Dave. Dave.
Chris Kuehn: Hey Joe (ph), it's Chris. I'll take the question. So we are in the middle of our 2022 planning. Going into 2022, though, we would expect some carryover price from the three price increases, most of our businesses announced this year, we will start lapping price increases though really starting in the first quarter of next year. But I will tell you as part of our business operating system, we enter every year coming up with a plan of how we're going to get about 20 to 30 basis points, positive spread price costs. More to come in a couple of months as we released guidance for next year, but we're going to go in with the mentality that we're going to cover price cost, but it's also a very inflationary environment which is why we're really trying to size that for pricing increases if we need to going forward.
Chris Kuehn: What I'll add, Scott, is because it is embedded in systems now, it is becoming harder and harder to kind of spike out the impact in indoor air quality separate from a systems order. I've offered Dave, we can hire a few more accounts to try to track those revenues in that level of detail. But I think the fact is, it's really becoming just a long-term tailwind for the Company.
Chris Kuehn: Hey, Jeff. This is Chris, I'll start and then Dave can jump in. If I go business by business, when we started the residential, really, we have the ability  to look at our backlog and reprice our backlog as we see higher inflation impacting orders that will shift now, a couple of months out where the backlog and residential used to be a couple of weeks, now we see it continue to be a couple of months out. We actually have repriced the backlog already in 2021, but we've got that ability to reprice going forward should we see a significantly more inflation. On the Commercial HVAC side, when I think about long lead time equipment. Those contracts generally have price escalation clauses in them that allows us to reset pricing based on an index. So we have some protection there as well. And then on Thermo King, today's remarks earlier, we've been really selective with opening up the order books for 2022. We wanted to get as much insight as we can get on inflationary environment through the third quarter of 2021. We've only had the first quarter of 2022 order book booking. We've now recently opened up the '22 order book for the balance of the year, and we did that intentionally to make sure we had the right  to reflect that in the backlog. So I think we got really  in terms of price and  inflation.
Chris Kuehn: Hey Julian, it's Chris. Thanks for the question. Yeah, we were really pleased with the price realization in the third quarter, 4.3% of price realization and really equals the revenue growth we had in the third quarter as well as we were very flat on volumes. And for the quarter Q3, we saw slightly positive price cost. When I think back a few years ago when we had our last inflationary environment, we were really trying to catch up on the price cost equation. I think it was about six quarters where the Company was negative. Now, we're able to keep up with that at least through Q3 of this year. And really, that goes back to the business operating system we continue to enhance in the Company. So very positive price cost in Q3. For Q4, I'm expecting price realization to get a little bit stronger, but I also can see inflation getting stronger in the fourth quarter as well. So we're right now kind of expecting price cost to be flattish in the fourth quarter. And then we'll see how this kind of plays out for 2022, where we're always targeting 20 or 30 basis points of price over cost for a given year, but I'm expecting that to be flattish in the fourth quarter.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah, Julian. I think you're in the ballpark for Q4. We left the full-year guide intentionally intact, given that we can see the push-out of some revenues into the fourth quarter. The figure was $75 million. Really, from my perspective, our perspective, the backlog and the demand is very firm. It really comes down to supply chain. And that's why we got the squiggle 605 on the full year from an adjusted EPS perspective. So could it be a little better? Could it be a little worse? I think we're right around that $6.05 based on how we see the supply chains today. But it's really going to depending on that. But you're in the ballpark for fourth quarter. We'll see a lever kind of plays out for next year. I think we're certainly expecting an inflationary environment next year with pricing actions. We'll need to continue to moderate that. But we'll have more insight on that as we get into January.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah. If you look at it, it's really phenomenal what's happening right now. We had 30% order growth in the first quarter. We had 30% order growth in the second quarter. And here we are in the third quarter talking about 20%. And in some of our businesses, I call our Commercial HVAC, and equipment's up 50% there. So I don't anticipate that bookings will continue at the 30% growth rate, but I would tell you that we're seeing a lot of demand right now for our innovations in the marketplace. And whether it be in the Thermo King business or in the Commercial HVAC business, that's really driving a lot of this demand for us. And we also have these tailwinds behind us around sustainability and the de - carbonization of the built environment, that it's only gaining momentum. So we like what we see here going into 2022. We're going to have record backlogs and we'll see what 2022 is from an incoming order rate. But right now, we really like the position we have going in.
Chris Kuehn: And Steve, we've already had three price increases in many of our businesses. And if we still see the inflation be persistent, another price increase will be part of our business operating system where we would execute on that.
Chris Kuehn: I'd add that, we're still tracking again that 1% to 2%, probably closer to 2% this year spend on capital as a percent of revenue. But with enough advance notice and ordering within lead times, we've been able to try to mitigate some of that supply chain pressure.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah. I think if we've got a partial assembly, we can't recognize the revenue. We're capturing all the costs associated with it. It stays in inventory until we ultimately recognize the revenue. The following quarter, we're adding the components we need to on the partial assembly to make it full. And then that's when the full cost gets expensed.
