Michael Lamach: Great. Thanks, Janet. Good morning, and thanks for joining us. In the second quarter, we -- our adjusted earnings per share were $1.20. We saw organic revenue growth of 3%, led by strength in the U.S. and European transport and commercial HVAC businesses. Industrial markets were weaker in the quarter, as distributors delayed restocking and some customers deferred purchase decisions. As a result, organic revenue in Industrial was down 4%.  Industrial revenue trends started out weak in quarter 2 but strengthened in the last few weeks of the quarter. Not enough to fully recover within the quarter, but giving us some more positive trends going into the second half. Similarly, organic order rates softened in some markets but remained healthy overall in the second quarter at 4%. Adjusted operating margins were slightly down but increased 50 basis points, excluding the impact of currency and the accounting impact of bringing Cameron and FRIGOBLOCK results into our financial statements for the first year. Adjusted EPS for the quarter was at our guidance midpoint, but there were some puts and takes, and we did not perform to our expectations in terms of operating leverage and margin. Revenues were approximately $100 million lower than the midpoint of our guidance forecast. On a percentage basis, we were looking for organic growth of 5% to 6% as compared to the actual 3% growth rate for the quarter. Climate came in right on our revenue outlook, the difference was all in Industrial. For Industrial, organic revenues in Europe were down low single digits, excluding currency. Asia continued to be weak. U.S. seemed to have taken a pause in April and May and showed some signs of stabilization in June. North America was down 6% on an organic basis in Industrial. The earnings impact of the lower volume was offset by corporate spend controls, lower compensation benefits as well as favorability in other income. We'll talk more about it in the outlook. We're taking aggressive and targeted cost actions where we see volume weakness. U.S. industrial trends improved in June and have continued thus far in July, so we are partially reflecting that stabilization in our outlook. Before I turn it over to Sue to take you through the quarter, we did reach an agreement with the IRS in mid-July to resolve all disputes related to intercompany debt and similar issues for the period 2002 to 2011. The details are in the 8-K we filed a week ago and Sue will take you through that in more detail today. So with that, I'll turn it over to Sue, and then I'll come back to take you through the outlook. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Nigel. And I saw your note this morning, because Q2 and Q3 are fairly flat and so there were some questions about the normal seasonality of the business. But there are a few things that go on here. First, third quarter North American commercial HVAC bookings and Thermo King are going to continue at high levels, and that really underpins the Climate forecast there. We had excellent bookings and growth in second quarter, a lot of that in the schools market, and so I'm pretty confident that we're not going to see weakness at the North American commercial HVAC and TK in the quarter. We also have seen the restocking of the res channel take place in late June and through July and believe it should match results that we had in our direct model, so that goes well. In fact, we had a good quarter in res for Q2, and think that will continue in Q3. China is interesting, because it's a place you wouldn't expect for us to see a lot of growth. But if you go back to the fourth quarter of 2014, we had bookings of about 33% growth in the fourth quarter in China. A lot of that now ships in Q3. And those projects are in markets where -- I'm sorry, those projects are being delivered into the vertical markets that are growing. So we don't see any real risk in delivering those as planned. Now the Industrial segment moves from really negative revenue comparisons in the second quarter to really, a low single-digit rate, and that's based on a couple of things. First, Club Car had a strong June, kind of plus 18%, so that's really a delay, if you will, in Club Car business from Q2 to early Q3, so I think that we'll see that pick up. We're seeing a pickup, an example, June's, our Compressed Air business was up like 22% in bookings, most of that being in small and midsize compressors, which we feel like we'll book in turn. But then as you look at late Q3, and I know this goes now into Q4, this is where we get into just delivering on the backlog of large machines, whether they're Cameron or Ingersoll Rand. So I think that it's a little bit maybe unusual from a seasonal pattern for us, but I think all the pieces make sense that we should be able to deliver that. We have put in place a lot of actions, about compressing the productivity schedule, looking at discretionary spend, looking at investment spend, triggering many things now. And if in fact things get weaker or it doesn't materialize in the top line, we're looking between third and fourth quarter to make sure that we manage the bottom line. So that's probably more than you asked for in your question, but that's the answer. 
Michael Lamach: The mix, it's a bit of a worst-case mix that we saw. If you step back, it's your higher-margin Industrial segment that is just down everywhere, averaging at the gross margins of the business. Then if you unpack that, you end up with a very disproportionate growth rate and deleverage happening in the highest-margin businesses, which are going to be tools, fluid management and Material Handling. Then if you look at it on a geographic basis, it's particularly weak in Asia and Latin America, which have historically been very good, profitable markets for us. So when you look at that sort of mix challenge, it's squarely into the Industrial segment for us. In essence, Climate did well and offset mix with some extra volume and really hit expectations, both for leverage and top line. 
Michael Lamach: Jeff, actually Cameron is not as bad as you would think. If you go back to the original idea that we had, we thought that it was a $350 million to $365 million business, where based on that, depending on which side of that you take, worth maybe $15 million to $25-ish million lighter overall, it's really coming across -- heavily coming across the smaller businesses and the smaller compressors, which go into small industrial customers across the board. So it was really sort of a pause in the industrial economy in the U.S., which was quite unexpected. Most of these things are going to be stock products we had built and turn them, and they didn't build -- I'm sorry, they built and didn't turn in the quarter, and so it was pretty tough for that. It's also the business that in June was up 22%, largely in small compressors. We also saw some improvements in the fluid business. I mentioned Club Car was up nearly 20% in June. Haven't seen quite the increase back yet in the tools business, and the Material Handling for us is really our only oil and gas-exposed business, and that continues to be very weak there. So the backlog, as I think about big machines, is at this point in time pretty well in the bag. The catch -- the key for us here is being sure to deliver that. I mentioned that Cameron's business is 40% skewed toward the fourth quarter. And so that is actual customer requests for delivery on big machines. And so it's more of an execution of the backlog question there for the full year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I mean, Robert, your rough math works. We fundamentally, as material is coming down fast, price won't come down as fast, and so you get a little bit bigger spread in the back half of the year. And unless something happens with pricing and it just destroys the marketplace, I think that, that would be the case. We would see that, from a commercial perspective, things have been weak in Latin America and Asia for sometime, so I don't see pricing deteriorating further there. So I don't think the risk there is great. So it does support falling commodities, prices sort of moving slower and the spread widening in the back half. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, right now, Robert, it's probably 30 basis points more productivity in the back half versus the front half. And then in addition to that, we're really putting together re-forecasts for the balance of the year and re-evaluating any sort of investment spend and timing. Even some of the CapEx, just to kind of go back through that and scrub it for the back half of the year. So we're looking to not only get to 30 basis points second to front half, but really get a bit of a natural hedge built in through some productivity actions being built in to protect the EPS forecast we're giving you. 
Michael Lamach: Well, any sort of mix in Climate, maybe to start there first, would be that on the res side, we're probably one of the few people that actually mix down to 13 and 14, sort of the more we fill out the channel, the more we fill out the product range, we tend to mix down on it just a little bit there. We also mix down a little bit when you look at European transport. And this is really weakness in Eastern Europe that is kind of pulling down some pretty good results in Western Europe, as an example. So there are minor things happening within that. Latin America has been a really soft market in Climate, a very profitable market for us. There's really no recovery happening in Latin America as we speak, and so those are the mixed drags that you see to Climate at present. Now China, it's not unusual, gosh, I can think about last couple of years, where we get this see-saw happening between strong bookings, weak revenue and so on and so forth. Now granted, it might be weak 2 quarters, strong 2 quarters, but as an example, the fourth quarter bookings we had last year kind of coming through into strong revenue in Q3 and good revenue in Q4. When we look at Q3 bookings in China, and this of course is based on a pipeline of real deals and real projects, we also expect a strong bookings in Q3 and in Q4 for China in the HVAC business. This happens to be some of the vertical markets that we are working in. It would not be surprising to find it to be mid-teens in quarter 3, as an example, in HVAC for bookings. But it's a see-saw there to a certain extent. I think that Industrial in China remains weak. I know that power consumption, as an example, was down 2% in China last quarter. Now compare that to the reported 7% growth in the quarter and you get a difference between what's happening sort of on the ground, where the proxy is power consumption, and what's reported in terms of GDP growth. And obviously, the more you focus on heavy industry, sort of the worse off you're going to be. The more you focus on health care, data centers, food, beverage, pharmaceuticals, probably the better you're going to be in that mix. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Josh, when you look at, sort of -- if you stand a month in front of the next quarter and look at the visibility typically you have of that business, it might be somewhere between 45% and 60%. The other 40% to 55% really comes through those short-cycle small compressors, tools, fluid management businesses. Club Car, Material Handling and larger compressors tend to add just a bit more visibility in what we're looking at. What's a little bit unusual now as we think about how the Cameron business works, and this is really historical for the profile of Cameron, they're a big back half, big fourth quarter type of company. If you think about their top 5 to 10 customers, their pattern every single year is delivery around that time of the year and so that happens. It's got the benefit of really improving visibility there, and of course, we've always had good visibility on our big machine. So it's a pretty fair forecast kind of looking ahead, because we can see that big machine, we can see the Club Car business to the balance of the year. To a certain extent, you're guessing on the overall economy as it relates to the tools business and some of the small compressor business. So if you had to sort of handicap all of this, there is probably, if you want to net it out further, maybe more upside that could happen on the HVAC businesses, maybe a little bit more weakness on the short-cycle industrials. But at the end of the day, I think we've cut it fairly close and fairly. 
Michael Lamach: Well, let me kind of walk you from 16.4% last year to the 13.3% this quarter, just the big pieces, and you can tell me, so you can have your impression about what you could be more on top of and what you couldn't. The biggest piece of what we saw was volume and mix, which was 210 basis points of the difference. The FX piece was 110 basis points negative and then Cameron at 70 basis points. But that's more mathematical, Cameron, of adding revenue in at small OI and now moving toward the back of the year, where they really over-absorb Q3 and they really absorb Q4 -- over-absorb Q4, so you kind of balance that out. You also end up with investments in Other, which were about 1 point and almost -- I'd say the majority of that is just a legal accrual on an old item. So with -- I mean, the other way back, you had productivity over other inflation of 120 basis points and price over the direct translation, which is 60 basis points, so the good guys around productivity and price, 180 basis points. I don't think the investments in Others is a drag. I think Cameron turns itself around just through absorption in the factories, and then volume and mix is what we've been talking about. You've got to place a bet on some of that, both on short-cycle, high-margin businesses and some geographic spread on that. But all in all, the plans we've taken to address this really are contingencies around if things remain weak. And so I would look for productivity to then significantly be better than other inflation and for price to be -- could still be better than direct translation, in this fast-reducing direct material environment that we're in, with price of material deflating, basically. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I mean, leverage in Climate just in the quarter was pretty good. So it was right around 25%. But if you take FRIGOBLOCK out, it was right around 30%. So if you start looking at Q3 and -- correct me, Q4, it starts to look around 30% again. So there's really not much of a difference in the leverage that we're seeing and expecting around the Climate business, even with the res mix. So maybe you want to fine-tune your question if I'm missing a little bit, but we're fairly -- it's fairly flat and linear there. 
Michael Lamach: It's really not unusual for competitor A to have bookings in one quarter and B bookings in the second quarter. It's just based on what they're working on and the customer order profiles for major projects. We see it all the time. When we're up 15%, 20%, it might look good compared to a competitor, and you flip it around and it may look bad. But all in all, one quarter, 2 quarter differences in the competition are really what we're talking about. There is some difference, though, depending on what competitors you talk about. Clearly, we don't have much of a presence in the res business in China. And so I think we've been helped by that, somewhat insulated by that. And we tend to focus on markets, again, like pharma, health care, electronics, data centers, food and bev, where we've done better. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, so let's go back to the beginning. We saw wholly owned up double digits and in the quarter, we had independents down roughly the same, actually down double digits. And then if you look at that and break it apart further, April and May were incredibly strong. First couple of weeks were frankly a little bit slow and then the last couple of weeks of June were record levels of shipments that we have seen, and we're seeing that through July. My guess is that it's going to look a little bit more like the sell-through that we had with wholly owned. Now all that, Steve, gets you to kind of maybe flat to low single-digit, motor-bearing sort of markets for the year. But pretty strong last 4 weeks, 5 weeks. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, great question. I mean, best case, you're probably looking at double digits -- low double digits. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, 14 SEER is good, Steve. 13 SEER is what it always has been, and I think that as that really comes out of the market, and I would assume for the most part, it would be out of the market relative to AC units by August at this rate. This is the market. The PT pumps to the market a little bit longer than that, but I think that you see the margins start to look better and mix back up. I think that for the res HVAC business this year for us, you'll see good growth, probably share gain and margin expansion again. So I think that they're playing it right on cue. Good launches coming in the fourth quarter relative to the heating season, those are on track. I think that, that's kind of one more nice sort of arrow that they've got to shoot in the fourth -- third and fourth quarter. 
Michael Lamach: No, it's too soon to really tell on this. I think we need to get through and look at the delivery on Cameron for the year, look at the bookings going in. But structurally, nothing changes for me. I just -- before coming out and shooting from the hip, I want to make sure that we've had as much of '15 as we can, look at the bookings and the really big stuff and just make sure that we're giving you a number that we can live with for '16, so it's too early for me to do that. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Steve. When you end up with sort of getting an air pocket come through and you build inventory and it's sitting a bit, it didn't, particularly in those quick-turning stock businesses, you get caught a little bit sitting there. You also get caught needing to pull some production days out because you've built the inventory and so that even compounds some of the margin problems you see when you've over-built. So we've got to work that out in Q3. And then you're going to see, obviously, the res business start to really move inventory levels down as you've got the independent restocking taking place in late June or early July. So there'd be no question in my mind that by the end of the year, that we'd have turns in the right place at that point. And then the teams are working on very detailed plans that -- taken out, month-by-month on a glide path, certainly by December, and we're doing our best to pull it forward into the third quarter, just to have a better chance to build and collect it in the fourth quarter. 
Michael Lamach: '02 through '11, all open issues and items are addressed. So again, it's the [indiscernible] on things. And then if you look at sort of '12 and on, I mean, these are just normal open audits that the IRS would normally be working within any company. It's something where, if you've gone from '02 through '11, and then you have a change, '12 through '15, in terms of how you're sort of looking at managing your taxes, it would be very hard to assume they would assert anything that was already agreed to between '02 and '11. So my guess would be although that '12 through '15 is not part of the agreement in writing, it would be logical to assume that you wouldn't see those same issues asserted, since we have sort of settled that already. 
Michael Lamach: Well, what's interesting for us, I would say, Steve, now is that the institutional markets, we're really strong, but we're pulling that with controls and performance contracting. And the performance contracting projects, we booked one, kind of in the mid-$30 million range for a school this past quarter. We've got some very large ones booking in other verticals in Q3 and Q4, it's larger than that. They are slow burns, 18 months, 2 years, in terms of the project cycle that have to be managed. They put a little bit of pressure on the gross margin, because you end up with a lot of pass-through subcontracts. But they're accretive to the contribution margins because all of your costs are embedded in those projects, right? Everything down to the commissions for the salespeople, if you will, right, are embedded in the project margins. So I think you might see some larger numbers start coming out there. I think the nice part about it is these are 10-, 15-, 20-year deals, where it's equipment, controls, service, all bundled together. And it's a really nice project management business that's helping us from an energy retrofit perspective, just being able to take on and do really large projects effectively for customers. 
Michael Lamach: Quoting activity in commercial HVAC, North America is very strong. Performance in Europe in HVAC continues to be very strong, double digits, again strong, continues to go well. Middle East, same thing, double digits, teens-type growth there. The low activity is in, really, Latin America. Choppy activity is what you see, really, through China but all of Asia Pacific. And then, really, in Industrial, big machines, Sue kind of highlighted there what the strengths were, so I won't reiterate that. Probably a little bit more of the choppiness comes back into some of the plant there, where you could see some air pockets from month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter, that I think is just indicative of the overall economy. 
Michael Lamach: Well, Q2, that wouldn't be the case, actually. The data we got from HR would say it was a really good quarter for us in Q2 and actually year-to-date. So I don't -- it's a little tough with all the data you get and reporting people do, but the benefit is, at least in North America and the U.S., with the HR data, we're able to see that relative to the marketplace. So we had a really good quarter and it's been a good couple of -- a good 6-month period there. It's hard for our business, Trane, American Standard, to do anything but mix down, because historically, we only played at one end of the spectrum. So whole strategy has been for years now to build a product line that runs the gamut, so the dealer has the opportunity to use the product line across all aspects of the price points customers want to pay. So it would not be at all unusual for us to see motor-bearing units going up, and obviously, as you sell 13 SEER, 14 SEER, the mix goes down a little bit. Nothing unusual or unplanned about that at all. In fact, I would say, to reiterate [ph], that we're getting more of our channel base and our dealer base to use more products across their businesses. That feeds the parts business, and it feeds everything down the road, including replacements, too, so it's all good. 
Michael Lamach: We've got about 1/4 unlocked in Q3 and about 1/3 unlocked in Q4. So there's a little bit more room there than we normally have to go take advantage of stock rates anyway, Deane. 
Susan Carter: And Mike -- and Jeff, I think we might have confused you just a tad with one of the slides in terms of Cameron. So let me try to add a little bit of color to what Mike has already said. In the second quarter, there were a miss of revenues in the Cameron business. But it was, perhaps, nearly 10% of the Industrial miss, so it wasn't a big part of that. And some of that was actually revenue that shifted over to the third quarter and the back half of the year. On the slide, where -- on Slide 11, where we talked about organic reported revenues, and we said 2% to 3% for acquisitions and 3% to 4% for FX, our original guidance for the year, as you well know, was that we were going to have about 3% on acquisitions, offset by 3% in FX. This is a little bit of the rounding and puts and takes. I do expect the acquisitions to be right about 3%, and FX may be slightly over 3%, but we won't be at the outer margins of that guidance. So I would say, let's call it back to more of the 3% on acquisitions and maybe just slightly more than that on the FX side. 
Susan Carter: Jeff, let me give that a shot. As we look at commodities, first of all, we've said all year that the commodities would turn to a deflationary environment in the second half of the year. And so if we look at that back half, we've got about 70% of our copper bought and about 40% of our aluminum bought. So that deflationary environment is going to flow through what we've got in the back half, so I don't see a big risk to that. And it does help us, from a first half to second half comparison in terms of materials. Now on the pricing side and what we've talked about with pricing, we consider that we still want to have a positive spread between the direct material inflation and price of about 20 to 30 basis points for the year. And that's where we were in the second quarter, we were roughly about 20 basis points. And so I think the back half material deflation is going to give us some -- a wider -- a little bit wider gap or some more positives there. And we still expect to have some positive price. And the overarch on price and material inflation is that we build our pricing capabilities to get paid for delivering higher value to our customers and to anticipate and react to movements in commodities, and I think that's what we're doing. 
Susan Carter: I think it'll be in the 20 to 30 range, a little bit higher than that to get us to in our range. And we said 20 to 30 for the full year, so just slightly higher than that. But again, that's really the material coming down. As you know, we had a slight amount of material inflation in the first quarter, very minimal in the second quarter, so that turns deflationary in the back half. 
Susan Carter: I think we -- Julian, I think we'd keep the range sort of in our 24% to 26% range, with sort of that midpoint at 25%. I don't -- we haven't evaluated anything that would change that from a longer-term rate basis. 
Susan Carter: It's Sue, Evelyn. Let me look at -- take a look at where we are in the market for the centrifugal compressor business. So first of all, on the processed gas side, we're really more exposed to gas than to oil and gas. So we're seeing a little bit of growth from natural gas and from LNG and particularly in the U.S. In the Middle East, you do have some project delays that are related more to oil prices, but we see petrochemical doing okay. And we expect power generation to grow for the business. On the engineered air side, we're seeing some of the industrial gas business, particularly in Asia, with air separation declining, and that's really due to overcapacity in that area, but where steel demand also had -- has an impact on the engineered air segment. For plant air, we see a slow recovery in North America. So we've got some good markets in auto, in food and beverage, pharma, electric power. So North America is stronger; Europe and Asia are slightly softer in the plant air side. And then, the fourth, really, piece of the Cameron centrifugal compressors is the aftermarket, and the aftermarket is stable. But we still have some more opportunities and synergies to gain on the aftermarket side of that business. 
Susan Carter: No, Deane. There shouldn't really be that much of a change and so really, that change has already happened. So if you think back to the inversion debt, which was a big part of this settlement, that inversion debt was gone at the end of 2011. And then we've simplified the structure, even as we went through the Allegion spin in 2013. And we've really been very conscious of making sure that we're using our Irish domicile in the right ways for moving cash around the globe, but not really being aggressive on any of the different items. We've said a number of times that we've been playing it right down the middle of the fairway, and that has been the case for the last few years, and so I don't expect any change to that at all. 
Susan Carter: Yes, I think the -- we have a commodity team that looks at all of these different items and a policy that gives us some flexibility when we do have prices that are at an all-time low and so that's something that we continuously monitor, and the sourcing group is doing a good job of making sure that where it makes sense, that we take advantage of that. 
