Michael Lamach: Yes. Resi was strong, Steve. I agree with what you said. We typically don't think about residential bookings because residential bookings turn so quickly, but we did end the quarter with a low-teens booking number. So to the extent you can read a little forward into the fourth quarter, I feel it's going to be fairly strong again. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Steve, I would just say we're just executing our own strategy here. So this is building great stuff, having great distribution, working through all the technical and digital work that we've been working on now for a couple of years. So this is just really us executing against our own strategy more than it is anything else. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Jeff, we've done a lot of work on the blueprinting to this point about where we think the opportunity is for all of ClimateCo, across all the Climate -- sorry, all the cost structure, whether that be at corporate or what's in the segments; also, rethinking what should be in corporate and what should be in the segments. But with that being said, there's probably 10 specific ideas we have kind of going forward into 2020 that we're beginning to execute on as it relates to the entire cost structure. And so yes, you can think about this as getting a running start on 2020. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Pipelines look very strong coming in, backlogs look still very strong, Jeff. I have to go back and look at the 21%, you're talking about Q2 versus Q1. I'd have to go back and give you a number Q2 to Q3, but my guess is we didn't deplete much of the backlog there. That was a strong bookings quarter again for us. So that all feels good.  Even in the industrial compressor business, we've had backlog build on engineered-to-order compressors, backlog build on oil-free rotary, backlog on services. So there is goodness built up, I think in the backlog going forward. The only place we saw a reduction in backlog would have been in Thermo King. And it's fundamentally just a weakening Europe from the last view we had in quarter 2 and then also just some summer cancellations that occurred. But backlog there is still above where it was this year last time, it's just a little bit less than it was last time we spoke at the end of last quarter. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think the context to put it in, Jeff, would to say that on a pro forma basis, ClimateCo would have about 5% or less than 5% of its revenues associated with North American trailer, which is really what we're talking about here. And if you took the ACT numbers at face value, it would reflect something on the order of an 18% decline between the 49.9 units this year and next year's units in the 41-and-change range. So if you think about that less than 5% revenue and 18 percentage drop, you end up with something less than 1 point of revenue headwind to the company.  And I think that not only TK has significant levers to pull with a lot of new launches and product innovation coming through in 2020, but I feel good about the HVAC businesses at large and the backlog that we're building there in what I still think is kind of early to mid in the North American institutional cycle as well. So I feel like without giving specific 2020 guidance, we've sized that we think we've got plenty of levers to pull to have a good year in 2020. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I think you can think about it as a funnel really, you think about the enormity of the HVAC and transport refrigeration markets and businesses first. That's obviously what the go-forward company is very good at. And then you look at that in the context of any innovation or idea that we'd have that would make sense from reducing energy intensity or reducing greenhouse gas emissions point of view, it's going to be additive to that. So I think you look at those in combination as opposed to independently. 
Michael Lamach: Scott, just to be really clear because I want to be clear on this. We've got plenty to do in our core space. And so we're not opening the lens here to think about a third leg of the stool from a sustainability perspective. We're building the company on its HVAC and refrigeration roots. And to the extent we find things that lower energy intensity and lower greenhouse gas emissions within that, that's sort of a double check for us. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. The mix really wouldn't be size of projects. The mixes that come into play here are going to be things like applied systems versus unitary systems, which applied carry a lower initial gross margin but over the long haul, we're pretty agnostic to the margins because service margins really accrue to the applied business. And then as we're growing the HVAC business faster than the Transport business, of course, the Transport margins are higher than the HVAC business.  So those are the general issues that we see. But as we look at the business regionally, the EBITDAs of the 3 businesses regionally are fairly close. And so we're somewhat agnostic to where in the world the growth is, but certainly, the actual product or systems or services can change the mix for us. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Okay. So we don't really feel different about res all year long, it's playing out the way that we thought it would.  And then really to comment on the cycle, we've got, over the years, pretty good sources of data and analytics that are proprietary to what we use. And because our business is so dependent on replacement, it's well north of 80% replacement for us, we're watching it very carefully. But really don't see anything here in the near future that would change our view toward a strong 2020 in the residential business for us. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think that we're still seeing Asia in general and China specifically, to your question, as being a good market over the long run. You're seeing a change within China around end markets themselves. And so if you think about the 3 largest markets in Asia, the retail, leisure and office, all 3 of those markets are down significantly. Retail is down -- I'm talking about the market, down about 15%; leisure down about 11%; office, about 6.5%. Those are big markets that are down.  Interestingly, industrial markets are up. That's good for us. And things like education and transportation are up double digit. Even though they're smaller markets, but those are the markets that we wanted to focus on from an applied perspective as being longer cycle, but core to the economy, core to the 5-year plan in China. So we will continue to, I think, see good markets there and continue to see benefits of the direct strategy that we put in place in China. 
Michael Lamach: Productivity was about equal between both segments. There's nothing remarkable that we're seeing really there. Inflation would have been higher on the Climate side, so the net would have been a little bit stronger toward Industrial net productivity. If you think about total productivity over nonmaterial productivity, Industrial would have been a little bit stronger. And there, there's been really good progress over the years. Just congratulate all our leaders in the industrial space. Todd's done a very nice job specifically in the Compression Technologies business around looking at some of this footprint there. And we've essentially gone from a number of larger compressor plants down to a smaller number and have executed that without missing a hitch, and so there's very strong market work there.  I would tell you within the Club Car business, they're doing an outstanding job and have grown this consumer vehicle into a meaningful part of the business. And every time we sell a consumer vehicle versus a golf fleet vehicle, we mix up in terms of the margin. Pleased with what's happening in our tool and Material Handling business, and even Material Handling in particular has moved back to the black after pretty strong declines over the years in oil and gas. And then our Fluid Management and PFS business really had a record Q3 for them, and so we're proud of what's happening there. Coming out of private equity, it's always a challenge to improve margins, but the team managed to improve margins in Q3.  So just across the board, good performance. And to us, it's a test of the resilience that we talk about in stress testing our business to make sure that when we do see negative revenue growth, that the deleverage can be maintained inside of our gross margins. And we get that question a lot from investors, and so it's important to point out that when we see this and we have leverage inside that sort of 30% margin number, it's indicative of the fact that I think we're executing well against the plans. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. It's almost normal now for us to see large projects in the pipeline. It's difficult to predict when they close and what they look like when they're complete. We've got a number in the backlog. I would say not as large as that, but maybe collectively, some of the larger projects would total that. So we are seeing more of that. It is more of a sort of base business for us at this point in time in terms of our ability to execute against that. And we're set up to do that. So we've invested heavily in that business, and we do have a pipeline of larger projects sitting in that backlog. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I mean Service for both has been a strategy for both, I mean so there's nothing new in terms of our focus on the services business there at all. Service has, for us, been something that's grown kind of in the high single-digit range, particularly in the Climate business, over the last decade or so. That continues to clip along at about that level consistently as we're going forward. And then as you've seen in the Industrial segment from the reports we did here, that we continue to see good service growth there, differentiated service growth there to the mix. So maybe a little bit less than what we've seen in Climate over time, but again, it's been a healthy mid- to higher single-digit growth in Industrial services over time.  And really, when we're talking about industrial services, it's really in our compressor technology business. And that's generally going to be based off our larger centrifugal and engineered-to-order or our larger oil-free compressors as opposed to some of the book-and-turn smaller compressors, which don't have the same sort of service opportunity. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I appreciate you actually raising that. We've done about 18 or so of those in the last few years. A lot of them are sort of that size, maybe a little bit smaller. But typically, it's going to be a technology that we think is novel, it's innovative, it's not part of the portfolio today. It may come with a channel, it may not. But generally speaking, if we can take an innovative product and then move it through the dedicated Trane commercial channel, it's a home run for us.  In other cases, there's also a strategy to maintain a second channel through independent routes, and that's an important element where we might go to market Trane for some of the portfolio and, in this case, Arctic Chiller for another part of the portfolio. So that multi-channel strategy can work for some of this as well. This is just a novel idea around a modular, smaller chiller design for modular small applications, and it just adds to our portfolio in that regard. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. And Andrew, on that, I mean I'm looking and I'm seeing volume kind of flowing through pretty much at the 25% level for Climate. It was the mix that kind of pulled that back a little bit from there. Then if I go to the deleverage, the organic side of the deleverage in Industrial, it delevered at about the gross margins of the business, hurt a little bit on mix. But again, this is where the productivity and managing that productivity equation and price helped that quite a bit. 
Michael Lamach: Well, thank you, Andrew. What I always say is when you look at put-in-place you really only get about half of the visible market, and the other half of the visible market is the market that you go out and create demand with by putting offers to customers that would reduce their energy intensity or improve operations in their buildings. And so notwithstanding what you said, what I would tell you that in quarter 3, from a vertical market perspective, the strength we saw was in higher education and in health care. We saw that and continue to see that going into the fourth quarter and in 2020 just by virtue of the pipeline that we're chasing.  Commercial and Industrial, we saw strength there in energy, food, beverage and interestingly, even in retail, which gets to be national accounts and some of the brick-and-mortar out there. So that was, again, really strong for us as well. But we're seeing a very good pipeline going forward in these markets, and that put-in-place data really tells only about half the story, not always indicative of what we're seeing in the marketplace. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. They -- well, they do. They give -- that's a very long leading indicator towards visibility in the marketplace. Generally speaking, when we know that a school district is going to vote or applying for bonds, we know generally then what they're trying to do or construct with those bonds. And so we're doing some preliminary work with schools as they're going out for bonds to get estimates for what things might cost and sort of what it might take from an operational basis to maintain those facilities. But of course, it's predicated on that bond actually passing. And then once that bond passes, it can go through a fairly traditional cycle of detailed models and designs all the way through procurement. So again, it's a very early indicator on a bond. But generally speaking, if we know a school district or hospital's going for a bond vote, we're going to be working with that customer to understand what the scope of the project might look like. 
Michael Lamach: Nicole, if you look at total leverage though for quarter 4, Sue is exactly right on the volume piece of it. What I would tell you is that the mix will hurt us a little bit more there. We think about more applied, less Transport. We would expect less price than we would have in Q3 sequentially just because we're kind of lapping price there again. So I would think that we'll manage the full year for the enterprise to the same 25% we've talked about. But I would expect that quarter 4 will look a lot like quarter 3 for Climate, probably not any better. 
Michael Lamach: And Nicole, I'd say that there's been so much, as you know, volatility around news and announcements coming out around tariffs that, unfortunately, we've gotten pretty good at being able to react to it. It takes us about 2 days to get from an announcement or a change to having that flow through and understand from a gross perspective what the impact is. And it takes us maybe a week from that point in time to understand what we think we can do from a net perspective around mitigating some of that. And therefore then, we know at that point in time, probably a week or so later what we need to do from a pricing perspective. It's so volatile that I think we're comfortable with our ability to react and change, understand and push certain pricing through and mitigate what we can that, at this point in time, we're not trying to guess where things go in 2020 there. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I think 2 things have happened. I mean one is that obviously, the world is looking at regulations differently around greenhouse gas emissions, understanding the impact of refrigeration systems on the environment. That's one. Two, as these systems become greener, if you don't do anything to the fundamental underlying system, the refrigerants tend to be less energy efficient so you end up using more power to generate the same level of cooling or heating in the system. And so from a system level, it's really making sure that you can reduce the energy intensity while using next-generation refrigerants. And so there's a lot of innovation that goes into that.  It also feeds right into how we think about the need to have a direct, very high-quality sales force out there, typically engineers or professional engineers selling to professional engineers and our customers in the commercial space. And that model exists for us all over the world because these are complex trade-offs. And then as you think about 30-year lives on many of these systems, any innovation you have, any advantage you have and what the cost of maintaining those systems will be can be a very meaningful sort of a kicker to total cost of ownership.  And so it's just the way we go to market. It's our model. And when we think about creating demand -- it was the earlier question about put-in-place, and I said about half of it is put-in-place and half of it is going out and creating demand. The half that we go out and create demand with are looking for those kinds of customers that understand this technically and are wanting to do something about it and may have systems of an age or variety where there's a particular opportunity to go have a high return on invested capital. And so it's just a more sophisticated sale and way to market. And that's what we train people to do. I mean we train them technically and then we train them financially around how to go make the case. 
Michael Lamach: Well, it's really -- over time, it's you try to move away from responding to quotes to creating specifications, creating opportunities and creating your own demand. And that is the controllable element of what we do even in a downturn, right. As opposed to sitting back and waiting for something to be built and asking -- somebody asking you for a price, there's plenty to do in the world today to go out and create an opportunity for return on investment for somebody. The other thing too is in a downturn, and I've said this very often, we fully expect both our Service business and our performance contracting business to increase because you have to maintain or extend asset life. And if you can no longer extend the asset life, we've got a way of paying for these assets through the energy savings that we're willing to guarantee as part of the asset swap. 
Susan Carter: And I was going to say, Steve, as you think about that, our residential business, in addition to having good revenues in the third quarter, also had some tough comparisons to the third quarter of last year where the revenues were also very high. 
Susan Carter: Yes. I think when you think about the productivity in general, Steve, you're absolutely right. Some of the productivity in operations comes from normal productivity projects that we have on any given year, but it also comes from some of the restructuring that we've done over the past couple of years. And on the corporate side, to Mike's point, we've worked really hard at decreasing the functional spending over time.  We know we've been successful at that in that we've leveled out the spending as well as have offset any inflation that comes into the corporate arena. And just in case anyone is thinking about the less than $240 million, the fourth quarter is when all different accruals and other things get trued up, so we didn't want to get ahead of ourselves on what that looked like. But all in all, a really good productivity quarter for the entire company. 
Susan Carter: So Andrew, I think as you're looking in at volume in total, I think that volume that you're talking about, the volume leverage is going to come out of the Climate segment, which is what we were talking about with the markets a little flatter on the Industrial side. That isn't going to be the piece of it. And as we were going through the different areas in constructing this slide, what we wanted to look at was not only what it was contributing and then the comments around mix that we've given throughout the commentary, with that being more to the applied side than to the unitary side. But it was more on the Climate side than Industrial. 
Susan Carter: Well, so as you look at the volume leverage in Q4, it is slightly stronger than it is in Q3. But again, the environment is roughly going to be the same as what we were seeing in Q3. So in other words, growth in all of the end markets, probably a same slight towards applied versus unitary, but there really isn't a huge amount of change that comes out of the volume leverage in Q4. But again, all of our businesses are going to continue to grow in Q4 residential, the commercial businesses, et cetera. 
Susan Carter: So if you think about Q4, I think the back half of 2019 is similar. So I think you'll see about the same thing in Q4 that you saw in Q3. And as I think about 2020 -- so I'm going to give you an answer, and it's not going to be what you want, which is what our guide is. But when I think about 2020 and I think about Tier 1 materials, steel, copper, aluminum should all be on the surface deflationary. So in a good spot, we see the spot prices coming down. We're seeing it in results, and that should be a really nice tailwind, if you will, going into 2020.  The however is that as we look at this, we want to watch this play out over the upcoming months because we just do not know what the tariffs and all of those pieces are going to mean to 2020. So in other words, you could have deflation on those base materials and you could be offset by tariffs. You could have a change in the tariffs. And that's just something that we're not comfortable with trying to give that outlook on. So I can tell you what I see on spot prices and what we're doing on early buys of material going into 2020, but we'll just watch the environment and then as we get closer to 2020, give you a guide on what we think it looks like at that point in time. 
