Chris Kuehn: Hey. Good morning, Julian. This is Chris. I’ll start. Yeah. Look, we’re happy with the guidance we just put forth and raised full year organic revenue growth target to 10%, up 1.5 points from our prior guide. Think about the second half of the year as I’ll start with commercial HVAC Americas. They’re going to have a great year on a full year basis. As I’ve talked about in prior calls, the comps versus 2023 are just tougher as you go into the second half of the year. As a reminder, a year ago, that business grew mid-teens in Q1, high-teens Q2, and the second half of 2023, it grew in the low-20s to mid-20s Q3 and Q4, respectively. So it’s going to have a great year. Think of that second half range. It’s probably in the 10% to 12% range in growth. And what’s interesting, and we did the math on this, when you think about the first half of 2024 in that business, the three-year revenue stack is a 45% to 50% growth, and it’s actually the same when you look at the second half of the year in 2024 as well. It’s a 45% to 50% revenue growth over the last three years. So, it looks really consistent when you think about it over the last several years with a lot of dynamic markets, so to speak, and dealing with supply chain. But they’re going to have a great year. Think of transport second half of the year, as Dave called out in his comments. I mean, those markets are expected to be down further than what we even thought three months ago. ACT has called those markets down in the mid-20s in the second half of the year. So we expect that business to be down, but we expect to outperform on the full year. And then residential, I’ll leave it within the Americas, mid-single-digit growth plan for the second half of the year. And could it be better? Yeah, maybe it could be better. It is a bit of a step down from the second quarter, but we’re cautiously optimistic about that space. We’re very much in the middle of the cooling season right now. We want to really see where it plays out. But maybe I’ll end there, that we’re confident in the full year guide and could things get a little bit better in the second half? Maybe. But we’ll update you as we get to the call next quarter.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah. Good question. I think it’s really less about mix of the businesses. When you think about performance last year and EBITDA margins across EMEA, Asia and the Americas, very different mix of businesses. EBITDA margins were fairly consistent across all three of the businesses, actually Asia leading. But if I think about the second half, this is really where Dave has continued to challenge all of our business units with advancing investments, right? We see it as, and I’ve seen it for a very long time, with accelerating investments, and as we see high returns on them, that’s where I would call it maybe second half of the year. There’s a bit of compounding effect of the investments that we began to ramp in the first quarter of this year. Those wind up being a little bit more costly in the second half, but all of them have really strong returns. So we like the full year guidance and confidence in 25% or better organic leverage. Let’s see where the year plays out. But the focus here is making sure we continuously and relentlessly invest in the business to keep driving this market outgrowth in the next several years and Dave’s keeping the pressure on.
Chris Kuehn: Andy, good question. Yeah. I think mid-singles is probably the floor for the business. Could it be better? Yeah, we think it could be better. But as you know, bookings in that business, it’s less important. It’s really around seeing through the entire cooling season. As you know, there’s a refrigerant transition that’s happening later into this year, into next year, and we’re ready for that. We can certainly answer any questions there as well. But we’ve got a lot of confidence in that team. It’s been a challenging market leading into this cooling season for about a year, year and a half. But yeah, we feel like could that be better? It could be better. But let’s see how the year kind of plays itself out.
Chris Kuehn: Hey, Damian. It’s Chris. I’ll start. Yeah. For the quarter, think of it as a little bit over 2 points of price. You’ll see this in the 10-Q that gets filed later today, about 11 points of volume. So as we anticipated coming into the year, we knew that price was going to be a contributor, but less of a contributor than what we saw in 2022 and 2023. That’s been dovetailing. And the offset to that, and a nice offset to that, has been improved productivity. And so as kind of came out at the end of last year, middle last year with supply chain challenges largely resolved, we’re continuing to see improvements on the productivity side. So if I step back, we’re getting the right combination of price, dollars and margin above inflation. It is inflationary out there, to be fair. If I think about tier one costs with copper up, aluminum up to somewhat flat, steel down, refrigerants up, and ultimately, wage inflation really being up, all of that is still going to be a bit inflationary on us for this year. But I like where we are, price versus inflation, the productivity is getting stronger and making sure that we’re funding the business with investments. It was another quarter of a high investment and continued high investment quarter with projects we think that are very, very strong. That volume growth, the 13 points, sorry, 11 points of volume on the 13 points of revenue growth, think of that as 20 points of volume in commercial HVAC Americas. On price that where we were in the second quarter, we’re confident that gives us a lot of view into the full year. Price should be around 2 points as well. And that’ll look a little bit lower in the second half of the year versus the first half, ultimately landing around 2 points on the full year. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color.
Chris Kuehn: I’ll answer the first question. Emerging cooling, as I’ve said in the past, that’s sort of -- that’s got some hurdles it still needs to work through and we’re working through some of that with our partner there. So that’s not what I would call mainstream. As far as the AI tools, like the Nuvolo acquisition we did, it’s early days, but we really like what we see there and this is going to really help us excel our connected asset solutions. And in my opening remarks, I talked about demand side management and we’re not talking a lot about that. But a lot of people are talking right now about the generation side of power. A lot of people are talking about all the demand that’s coming. What people don’t realize is that, in a building, 30% of the energy that’s consumed is wasted, right? So if you’re connected to the asset, if you’re connected to the building, you’re able to ensure that that asset or that building is going to perform the way it was designed. And this 30% number, right, I’d love to show you some of our stats, but this is a massive amount of energy that can be saved. So we’re really happy. We’re really bullish on Nuvolo. We’re really bullish on what we’re doing with our connected solutions. And I think you’re going hear a lot more about demand side management in the coming years, because it’s not just about generation, it’s not just about forecasting all the demand that’s going to be coming and you see a lot about data centers right now. It’s like, how do we use what we’re generating today in a more efficient way and that’s what we know at Trane Technology we could help our customers with.
Chris Kuehn: That’s where I was going to go, Dave. I think, again, these are generally highly customized applied systems when you’re talking about data centers for the most part. And so while we’re pricing for innovation, we’re also making sure we’ve got customers for life. These are customers that are putting in multiple locations, multiple data centers, and we want to make sure we have not only a solution for today’s order, but what that order can be a year, two years, five years from now. As all market projections would suggest that this is going to be a multiyear growth factor with the growth of data centers. And with that, to Dave’s ending point, the opportunity still in front of us is to think about services here, and with typical applied systems generating 8 times to 10 times of the revenue and services from a dollar of equipment, that’s still an opportunity well in front of us as we deploy products into this space and you’re starting to see that a bit in the revenues, but more of that in 2025 and 2026, that’s a nice opportunity still in front of us.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah. Steve, I’ll start. I’m happy with performance in both of those businesses with applied and unitary. I’d say both up strong. We talked about commercial HVAC revenues up over 20% in the quarter and both contributing to that. Equipment was up 30%, maybe unitary a bit stronger than applied, but not by much. Second half of the year, think of our -- I’ll start with commercial HVAC Americas, think of that all in about up 10% to 12% in the second half. I described earlier great performance last year in terms of tougher comps with the growth in revenue from call it mid-teens in the first quarter of last year to mid-20s by the fourth quarter of last year. That team’s going to have a great year this year. We’re even more excited about 90% of the backlog is commercial HVAC, the $2.8 billion that Dave spoke about that we already have for 2025 and beyond. That’s all equipment, we don’t have service in that backlog and that’s all commercial HVAC. So, it’s going to be a really strong follow-on to this year and it’s giving us a lot of confidence for growth going into next year. Hopefully, that kind of answers the question.
Chris Kuehn: I don’t know if they’ll diverge a bit. I mean, with unitary maybe being up a second quarter, I think they’re going to be somewhat close to each other here in the second half. Services is going to be strong for the second half as well. We’re tracking, as we saw in the second quarter, in Americas business was up high-teens, enterprise was up mid-teens. That’s going to be a nice contributor to the second half as well, but I wouldn’t say that there’s going to be a big divergence in the second half.
Chris Kuehn: Nigel, this is Chris. Yeah. I mean, I think they could be down mid-single to high-single in the second half of the year. I mean, we expect it to be down probably in a range of low doubles, double digits on the year. If trailer markets are down mid-teens, we expect to outperform. And again, that’s the innovation and the investments we’ve had in this business for many, many years. And the key here is to make sure that while it is a down year and we’re going to manage the decrementals as so far we have, and we expect to do that for the balance of the year, it’s making sure that we’ve got the investment pipeline that continues to run the business. Just in June, we finished our long range plans for each of our business units, thinking about capacity and not only in commercial HVAC, but all of our businesses. And this is one that we like these markets to Dave’s point, want to make sure we’re still investing so that when the markets do recover, we’re ready. Could the market be down more than mid-teens? I mean, that’s what we’ve called it right now. To be fair, I know ACT’s had multiple revisions here over the last several months. I think it’s four or five this year already. Our internal models would suggest maybe it’s down a little more than that. So we’re making sure we bake that into our guide at this point. Second half of the year, we expect it to be down on down comps from a year prior, but we do expect to outperform the market.
David Regnery: I’m sitting here smiling at Chris as he’s saying that, Julian. So thanks for the questions, but we love investing in our business and we’ve been able to demonstrate the results of the investments we’ve been able to make and expect more of that in the future.
David Regnery: Yeah. It’s a great question, Scott. I would say that we should maybe challenge ourselves as to what’s normal, okay. We’re a lot bigger business than we were four years ago, obviously. Lead times, that’s not -- I would say that’s -- I would say lead times are back to what I would call a normal rate. For data centers, for sure. We have data center customers that are providing us visibility to their needs well in advance than, say, maybe some of the other verticals. So that’s a part of it. But look, we’re seeing tremendous strength, really, in almost all verticals. As we looked in the Americas in our commercial HVAC business in the quarter, I think we spoke before, we tracked 14 different verticals. It was hard for us to find a vertical that was down. So we just have broad-based strength. We certainly are seeing a lot of demand in the high growth verticals like data centers, but we’re also seeing nice demand in other verticals as well.
David Regnery: Yeah. I’d say it’s a good question, Scott. I mean, Asia is less than 10% of the revenue for the enterprise. Okay. Think of it 50% China, 50% the rest of Asia. In the quarter, the region performed as we expected. Revenues were flat. I would tell you that we did see some choppiness in China towards the back half of the quarter. So we have our eyes wide open on that. But I would also tell you that we have that baked into our guide for the year. So I wouldn’t say that China has bottomed. We performed well there. Our team is executing at a very high level. We were a very seasoned team there. A lot of innovations in their pipeline there that they’re rolling out into the marketplace. But just to be clear, getting orders in China are pretty dynamic right now.
David Regnery: Yeah. I’m not going to forecast our incoming order rates for the rest of the year. I will tell you that we’re going to have a backlog that’ll be very strong going into 2025, much like you saw us at the beginning of 2024. We already have 2.8 billion booked for 2025 and I mean, that’s a number that we haven’t talked about that size of a number in the past. So we’re very confident there. As far as the demand that we’re seeing, look, we’re seeing a lot of demand and I emphasize it’s broad-based, right? It’s not just in the high growth verticals because we’re very strong there, but it’s broad-based and it really has to do with a lot of our innovation and our ability to execute. And with our direct sales force, we go to where the opportunities are. Our teams are highly technical and we’re winning in the marketplace. It’s that simple. And I couldn’t be prouder of what that team’s been able to execute. And by the way, we’re talking a lot about the Americas, but I would tell you that our commercial HVAC business in Europe also performed extremely well. Their order rates were up 20%. So you could see that investing in the business, always having that long-term vision as to where you want to go and the payback that you get for that, this is a flywheel, as Chris would say, and we’re seeing the impacts of that and that flywheel is going to continue to spin for us.
David Regnery: Yeah. Andy, as I said in our prepared remarks, look, three reasons why we did so much better in resi in the second quarter. One is the clarification on the refrigerant transition. The second is certainly the inventory is at what we would call a normal level in the channel list through our independent wholesale distributors. And the third is not that I like to talk about the weather, but it’s been a very, very warm start to the cooling season, which should have us all concerned for a different reason that we could talk about if you’d like. But it’s been a very, very strong start. So as Chris said, we’re cautiously optimistic in this business, the team performed very well in the second quarter and it’s a great start for that team.
David Regnery: Yeah. Gautam, good question. We’ve introduced -- in our commercial business we’ve introduced about half of the products that would be affected. And think about any product that uses a scroll compressor as a target for a refrigerant change, okay. So just in a broad brush. So in our commercial sites, about half of it we’ve introduced. We’re actually selling both. So we’re selling 454B, the new refrigerant, as well as still 410. In our resi business, not yet. We haven’t introduced it. That’ll be rolling out in the back half of the year. As far as pre-buys go, look, we’re not anticipating in our residential business a large pre-buy towards the end of the year. We’ll see how that rolls out. But right now, we’re not forecasting that. There’s just too much timing that you have to work on to make sure that you could sell through all your products in the year and our focus really is on helping our independent wholesale distributors transition their inventory properly. So we’ll be working with them as the year progresses here to make sure that they’re ready for the cooling season in 2025 and then that’s really where our focus is right now. So answer to your question, not a large pre-buy. At least we don’t have one baked in. But I would tell you that the way we designed our operations, we’re able to manufacture both products. So we have mixed model lines, which it was a little bit more upfront cost, but we believe that investment will pay, because as you know, in the resi area, you’ll be providing components of 410 for some time into the future to make sure that we could service our product over the useful life of that product.
David Regnery: Yeah. I mean, the team executed very well. Look, I’ve been saying for a long time, Joe, you got to look at the share in residential over a longer period than just a quarter. So did you do better in a quarter? Tell me what you’ve done over the long-term. So I can’t comment on if there was any one of our other competitors that didn’t do well, I don’t know that. But I am very pleased with our results. But look, we’re cautiously optimistic here. Look at share over the long-term. Don’t just look at it on a quarter. There’s different sell-in models and you could get the wrong answer if you just look at a particular quarter. But I am very happy with the results that we’ve been able to demonstrate.
David Regnery: Yeah. Steve, I think that, again, when you talk about broad-based growth, right, different verticals are satisfied with different types of products. And if -- in this broad base that we continue to demonstrate results in, you could see that we’re growing both applied and unitary. Not that we look at the business that way because we’re really selling systems. But so our unitary, as Chris said, we were actually stronger in unitary in the second quarter than we were applied, despite the fact that we have very large backlogs in applied.
David Regnery: Yeah. It’s a great question, Steve, and appreciate you noticing our high growth rates there. Just to remind everyone, we’ve had a compound annual growth rate over the last six years of high-single digits. In the second quarter, we were up mid-teens, right? And I -- I’ll just go back to our operating system, right? It’s a system of things that makes our service business great. For sure, it helps when you keep growing your applied installed base because our service business is really built around our applied installed base. But I would also tell you that the mindset that we have of an asset is not performing when it’s not heating or cooling properly and/or it’s using too much energy is a different way to think about it and there’s a lot of growth potential when you start thinking that way. So think about…
David Regnery: Yeah. I’d say hyperscales, first of all, they like technology and they like always pushing the envelope and trying to increase the efficiency of the system. So, they’re always working with us and they may be working with our competitors as well as to make sure that we can have a more efficient system tomorrow. And we have a lot of cool things that we’re working on there with them. Some of it includes some things that are maybe a little bit outside of that, which is the heat recovery side of things, which I’ve talked about in the past. Look, at the end of the day, these hyperscale customers, they like resiliency as well. So, they’ll typically pick a prime and then they’ll pick a secondary and that’s just prudent behavior on their behalf and we’ve seen that before, but I would tell you they really, really, really like innovative technologies.
David Regnery: We have some internal models that I won’t share with you the results, but look, it’s allowed us to be able to help forecast based on talking to our customers, understanding what their demands are, okay. And then kind of pushing that back into what would it mean for us. I would tell you that think of units getting bigger, think of units getting more complex, and think of added features on units like heat recovery. That’s certainly a trend that we’re seeing and that’s certainly something that we’re working with our customers’ kind of pushing into the marketplace.
David Regnery: Yeah. It’s a fair question. Look, the Americas transport business is going to be down in 2014. It’s a more cyclical business than our commercial HVAC business. ACT is projecting the back half of the year to be down 25%. To be fair, our internal models say it could be down even a little bit more than that and that’s what we have baked into our full year guide. Look, I had the opportunity early in my career, Nigel, to run this business. And I would tell you that I’ve seen these downturns in the past. And I would tell you that these markets will come back. And right now it’s projected they’ll come back in 2015. We’ll stay tuned on that. But this is a very strong business. And when these markets come back, they’re going to come back strong. And the key is to continue to invest in the business when you’re in this down cycle. And when you do that, when the markets come back, you’re able to delight your customers with a portfolio of innovation that really allows you to win through that cycle and that’s what our plan is right now. As Chris said, we’ve been investing heavily in the business. We’re not stopping that. And TK is a big part of those investments that we’re making. And I’m excited about the innovation pipeline that’s going to come out in the Thermo King business and when the markets come back, we’re going to be ready. As far as the other businesses, I mean, they tend to follow a trailer, I mean, and the trailer is the big one, but they tend to follow that same cycle. We start to get freight rates to improve. If we start to get capacity coming out of the channel, we’ll see the market start to rebound and I know they will.
David Regnery: That’s a tough one for me to answer. I’m not sure what they’re planning on doing. I would tell you that we’re very strong in unitary as far as the replacement market goes. Yeah, in the heat of the summer, if the unit stops working, it needs to be replaced and having the available unit on hand is very, very important. And we carry a lot of inventory stock and we also have, with our lean thinking in manufacturing, quick ship programs, which allows us to really win in this space.
David Regnery: Yeah. I can’t comment on that and I think it would be -- it would really -- it would depend on the time of year, okay. You also have a planned replacement market as well. So there’s a lot of things that are part of that statement that you just made. So it really depends.
David Regnery: Yeah. I mean, we continue to track megaprojects. And as I’ve said in the past, megaprojects tend to be in verticals that we were always strong in. So it’s hard to say what’s incremental in that space. But right now, our teams are tracking over 300 projects and some of them have been closed, but many of them are still in the pipeline. And one of the things about these megaprojects is they tend to have lots of different decision makers, especially if any of the semiconductor space that, I mean, I’ll give you an example. We had a project that the decision maker was in Asia, the engineer was in Seattle, Washington, and the mechanical was in Austin, Texas. And one of the advantages that we have with our direct sales force is we could really help the customer triage all the information that’s required. And it allows us to really be focused on the customer needs, but also all the different individuals that are part of that process. So we really like our positioning with these megaprojects. And a lot of these megaprojects are very sophisticated, engineered products, which actually plays to our strength as well.
David Regnery: Well, I appreciate the question, Noah. I think we’re still in the early innings on this. I know we’re in the early innings. It’s more about an education process. We were working with a customer, a large customer in New York City and we created a digital twin for their particular building. And we were connected and we were watching the energy consumption. And we saved that particular customer, it may not sound like a lot, but it was like $120,000, right, in energy that they would have wasted if we weren’t connected to their solution. So, and you think about the universe, okay? If you think about the commercial space at 400 billion square feet, I mean, it’s crazy the opportunity that exists. So, look, this is a massive opportunity. Demand-side management, you’re going to hear a lot more about it. And the neat thing about it is you don’t have to wait for new technology to be developed, right? This is technology that’s readily…
David Regnery: … available and being connected from a structured data standpoint, which we’ve been for a while, but now we’re adding in unstructured data with our AI tools. We’re able to really dial in algorithms to really help our customers save energy, which is saving carbon, which is good for the planet as well.
