Steven Shawley: Yes, Jeff. We -- when we talked about this in December, we talked about a refinancing we're planning in the middle of the year. We're planning on refinancing the debt tranche. It's due -- I think it's in August, and probably another $300 million on top of that to take care of the cash associated with the spin costs, restructuring, et cetera. So what that will do is that will free up most of the $1.1 billion to go towards the share repurchase throughout the year. 
Steven Shawley: Let me just address the numbers question first, Shannon. In 2013, we expect the corporate unallocated cost to be somewhere in the $180 million range, about $45 million in the quarter. And don't forget, we're making heavy investments in common systems throughout all of this. And we really ramped that up this year. In fact, some of the story about corporate costs in Q4 was common systems-related. So that's a big piece of the increase in 2013. We also are seeing an uptick in pension and benefit costs, and we have some technology costs falling out, associated with the technology centers that are managed by the Paul Camuti here in the corporate center. That's what really tees up the increase in 2013. And like Mike said, we've pulled all the deal costs out of 2013, so that increase is not really deal cost related. I think if you look at the glide path of corporate costs going into the future, some of the restructuring obviously is going to have to impact corporate overheads. Also, when you look at the common systems spend sort of tapering down through 2015 and '16, I would say we hit the peak of spend for systems in late '14, early '15. So you'll see that start to come down with the abatement of the systems projects, Shannon. 
Steven Shawley: Longer term, Shannon, we would target 180 to be the summation of the 2 stand-alone companies. But that's going to go through a little bit of a peaking here in '14 and '15 because of the systems projects and then probably ramp back down to that normalized level after we get through that. 
Steven Shawley: Yes, Julian. The '13 guidance includes a positive gap between productivity and other inflation. It's not quite as big as what we had achieved in 2012 simply because inflation is a little heavier. It seems like employee benefit costs, health care costs affecting that line. So a little bit of a contraction but still a very positive gap. 
Steven Shawley: Fourth quarter's tax accounting is always an adventure, Deane. If you look at last year, kind of huge positive adjustments, or favorable adjustments for NOLs got valued in Q4, that goes on every year end. So if we -- if I look at the fourth quarter tax rate, we were a little bit favorable on the ongoing rate, and the distribution income was kind of in our favor. So if I look at the $0.06 or $0.07 delta there, it's -- about half is associated with the slightly favorable rate for the year, and the rest of it is the fact that we had the chance to value some NOLs around world. Much less of a pickup than we got last year when we did that, but it's just something that happens every quarter and it adds potentially a lot of volatility to the tax rate. All along, very pleased with how that fell out. It was definitely within our parameters or expectation of the ongoing rate, and we just got -- we just picked up a few favorable pennies from the NOL valuation. 
Steven Shawley: So if you look at the rate going from '12 to '13, Deane, it's really based on the earnings -- the increase of earnings in the U.S. Primarily, it's going to cause a pickup in the rate. So that's kind of the ins and outs of that. 
Steven Shawley: Absolutely, Stephen. If you look at -- just harking back to that, we were -- I think we ran our plants 21 days the entire quarter. Okay? So we took it really on the chin, from absorption and all that, but it was fundamentally pushed in this $90 million through. So absolutely, we were forcing product into the marketplace with very low pricing, getting into the market which affected -- actually lifted the revenue for 2011. However, it also had an adverse impact on absorption because we weren't making anything. For the productivity, productivity was a pretty easy beat too, right, this year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. For us, Jeff, you've got to look at Western Europe, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. And so when we look back collectively, we're really seeing the Middle East will be up again mid-single digits, maybe a little bit better. Eastern Europe, up maybe a little bit less than that. And still, a fairly weak Western Europe. So net net, we're not expecting great things out of Europe, but do think, coming off the lows that we saw, we should see just a little bit of latter year growth. And that's supported with what we're hearing from customers, long-term customers. 
Michael Lamach: Well, we're working on the stranded costs here, which is part of what we're doing with the restructuring that we're talking about for quarter 1 and going forward. So we're dealing with that now. But clearly, there's going to be additional public company costs for new security out in the marketplace. So -- I mean, just -- for right now, the placeholder is 180 for the year, and we'll update you going forward as to how much of the stranded cost will be addressed and what the stand-alone costs with security once we file the Form-10s. 
Michael Lamach: I can. I mean, I've got the data here for the Put in Place. It's used [ph] of course for Industrial. You're asking specifically how do we factor and play into those things, and this gets a little bit back into my comment about being selective around growth markets and platforms and going where the business is growing as opposed to sort of maybe what the historical mix has been. So the investments that we have made in the unitary product have been really targeted towards the growth we'll see in the commercial and office space as an example. So we got on that faster -- looking at this data from a longer-term perspective, understanding there would be an opportunity in that market as opposed to sort of addressing markets that just weren't going to grow. And so these pockets of growth are a lot more important to us than where the exposure has been historically. We see still great growth in data centers, which is another market that we're looking to address with more and more content as we approach those markets specifically. So not to evade your question, we've historically been a bit more institutional-tipped than commercially-tipped, but we are working that really to where the markets are growing. And security is a great example of that. They put in place a very, very effective program to get after a particular market niche where we weren't really penetrating, put a very specific set of programs together to address a channel need and drove tremendous success in North American security business in the fourth quarter. And so it is possible, over a 2, 3 quarter period of time, to move ourselves into these pockets and address them a little bit differently. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. And I think, to do that, to have it be apples-and-apples, we would pull restructuring out of both sides. Right? So we pull restructuring out of 2013, we pull it out of 2012. So I'd kind of give you those numbers, x restructuring, both just to help you apples-to-apples. But Climate, in spite of the TK softness, will probably see 40 to 60 basis points of margin improvement there. Industrial may see 50 to 70 there -- res, we're looking for more like 1 25 to 1 75. We think there's still opportunity -- great opportunity there to do something more dramatic. In Security, they're just going to be to do a great job executing where they're at. They're going to be fairly flattish, depending on the mix, which could go more toward Asian markets or a slight recovery in Europe. You might see it down as much as 40 basis points, but it'll continue to be just an exceptional margin earner for the company. 
Michael Lamach: No. You actually hit it on the head, you put 1,000 sales people together in an event and now it's pretty exuberant. So it's not going to be a horrible market, no doubt about that. But we just go back to the data, look at the Put in Place numbers, look at it by segment of the institutional, by segment of commercial/industrial and then compare that to where we've got specification activity, whether we have quote's outstanding, what the ABI is saying and then lag that. And you just end up where we're at. So I think we were pretty close this past year. I think we've got a good methodology in that business for doing fairly accurate forecasts there. So I just see it overall as being sort of a low moderate growth market for us. Service will probably grow twice as fast, as such been -- history, and we'll continue to grow service and invest in that footprint to help offset some of that cyclicality. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. I have to say, I want to give no guidance by January. Okay? So to answer your question, no, I don't want to just talk about the month. So glad we're through the fiscal cliff, and we'll see what happens with round 2 in Congress. And I think our forecast reflects a bit more than status quo. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Josh. We had a very good 2012 collectively. So quarter-to-quarter, you get these aberrations with 2012 res, shares, volumes, margin improvement, just health of the product portfolio, talent in the business. It's been a very good year for us. Let me talk to you about the quarter specifically because there's a lot of nuance here that went out in the quarter. So on the call I mentioned we were down low-single digits versus last year. Now shipments would have been flat, obviously, because the mix changed for us. When you -- and you add back sort of the change in inventory levels and the fact that we were really pushing 90 million of inventory out through last year, in mostly fourth, then hey, you end up with a high-single-digit market for us. We -- I think Steve mentioned we were the only guys that didn't have a fourth quarter price increase in pulling shipments in. And we know of one large OEM that had that effect, that you had to -- extra ship before November over concerns of a factory closure, one of the larger factories closed. And so there was a lot there. But between pricing competitively, pulling it into the year and then our own reconciliation you have to do between '11 and '12. What I will tell you, and probably the way to keep sanity in this, is that we're about 50-50 owned versus independent distribution because our shipments and revenue reflects final sell-through on the owned side versus a couple of other OEMs who are 100% independent going through wholesale. When you compare that to the Hardy data, the sell-through for quarter 4 by month was up 11.6% in October. It moderated to 6% in November. It's actually down. It was negative 1.8% in December. And all that gave you a 5.7% sell-through for the quarter. All right? So if I look at the 5.7% sell-through through the quarter and look at us apples-to-apples being up single digits and the fact that Hardy's indicator level of inventory was up, okay, in the quarter, I feel pretty good about that. I think we are really well positioned coming into 2013. So Josh, I feel good about it. Unfortunately, I got to give you a little bit of bridge to explain it, but I think it's something that, clearly, you can piece together on your own. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. The material inflation environment has been fairly sedate, and we've lapped most of our large price increases. So we think pricing this year will be under 1%. Probably a good number, something more like 75, 80 basis points for '13. And we'll still have a positive gap to material inflation, but I think it'd closer to probably 30 or 40 basis points for the year. 
Michael Lamach: Yes. Applied and unitary -- there is a shift going on with applied and unitary in the marketplace. We're seeing, in some cases, more unitary being used in some of the data center applications, which is a good thing for us because it's large unitary and that's very profitable for us. So we generally see applied be a little bit weaker in 2013. I would say slightly negative because it would still lean more towards institutional larger customers. And I would see unitary still more following the commercial/industrial Dodge data being more positive. So with slight shifts going on within vertical markets, you are seeing more unit -- I'm sorry, more unitary than applied. And then specifically, in the HVAC business in North America, we're dealing with low equipment growth. You'd probably see service growth 5% to 1%, 5% to 1%, kind of pulling the mix up there. And that's something that has been a function of putting feet on the street, putting technicians out, doing training and really working the whole part service agreement and retrofit market. And we were able to do that last year even in spite of the flatter market. So I hope that's helpful. 
Michael Lamach: Well, the one that we had talked to you about for probably a couple of quarters was larger infrastructure projects that we were waiting on in Asia kind of getting through the political changing of the guard in China and then finally, the awards with those projects. And what we saw clearly in China in the quarter was very, very positive in that regard. I think revenue is up nearly 40% in China for the quarter. So that was helpful. But the other positive story for us was just what happened with the security business in the Americas, and it got back to the earlier question of teams doing a good job, finding pockets of growth and growth platforms in flat markets. And we needed to do more of that, but that's a great example and one I'm proud to tell you about. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Julian. Look, yes. Clearly, we set the targets out there. We think that we're going to see mild material inflation. We're going to see other inflation continue to rise at sort of an unhealthy rate. So you're looking at overall inflation running somewhere in the mid-3s, and you're looking at our productivity plans somewhere in the mid-4s. And I told you the 4 levers that we're pulling here around sourcing, functional lean and -- lean the value streams and all of that really kind of coming together is a plan to address it. So we continue to just sort of chip away, build a pipeline and work the pipelines here. So I would have no reason to believe we couldn't continue to see productivity at the same level. As long as you see sort of inflation staying where it's at, I think we're going to be fine. If we see higher inflation, that's going to test our pricing capability and see how agile we are there. So net net, no reason to believe we shouldn't be able to do that. 
Michael Lamach: Dean, in the quarter, we were locked and loaded with the exception of the nailing down in communicating all the specifics around the restructuring activity. But in terms of investments and plans for the quarter, we're in good shape. For the year, it's running at about the same rate of increase as it was last year for us, and those programs have been paired to the point where these are the critical, essential programs going forward. So I don't see that we will be pulling back on investments per se. I think if we were to run into additional headwinds, we would take a second or third look at the restructuring work we're doing and go further there. But no pullback really that I see as being good long term on the investment line. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Deane. I mean, the only thing that's a little bit of a wildcard, let me try to spike that out for you, is this non-discrete -- U.S. non-discrete tax charge in quarter 1. Whether or not we'll owe that or not, it's a bit of a legal debate. And then two, the timing of that's a bit of a timing debate be. So we just spike that out, not to surprise anybody, that the timing -- worst of all world, it could be in the first quarter, and that's how we planned it. 
Michael Lamach: Well, look. First of all, Steve, what's underlying all of this is going to be the weaker Thermo King across the board, picking up by the back of the year, but that's going to be one issue we have just from a business standpoint in the first quarter. And then if you look at it sort of by geography, Europe happens to be very weak for us in the industrial segment, which creates a mixed issue there because actually, industrial is a profitable business for us in Europe. And so it's a combination of those 2 are putting some pressure on all that. Now with that being said, we still see margin expansion of probably 20 to, call it, 50 basis points in the quarter. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I'll tell you, easy and hard is an interesting thing. If you talk about it getting more exciting, getting more momentum in the company, getting more people pulling on it, it's phenomenal. Okay? So I'm not sure about hard or easy, none of this is easy, okay, particularly if you want it to stick around longer than just a flash in the pan. But the impact has been dramatic. And every time we run the data, we call it separation of results. We take the value stream work and then compare that to the average of the company, and we just get further and further apart. Thankfully, we're also increasing the amount of costs under sort of management through the system, so it's very exciting, Steve. It's something that, looking back over 3 years, has been a long haul, and anybody that's in the Lean world will tell you that, that's still the early innings. So it's something that -- if I'm doing this 10 years from now, it certainly will be something we're talking about. 
Michael Lamach: The 90 million inventory, Steve, that we had last year in the fourth quarter of 11, when you think about sort of what we had to do there, we had to pull that back from distribution, in some cases, where there was a sale, rework the products and then try to push it back out in the marketplace through any channel we could, often through our wholly-owned channels. So we fundamentally pushed the $90 million of inventory out in the marketplace that wasn't, I believe, inventory the market wanted, if you will. So we look at it and say if you adjust for sort of $90 million in revenue, that probably was something we forced, meaning 2011 was probably worse than the revenue we reported. That's where the adjustment comes in. 
