Michael Lamach: Great. Thanks, Sue. Please go to Slide 11. In August, we announced our agreement to purchase the centrifugal compressor division of Cameron. This chart was shown during the webcast we held on the day of the announcement. It's a great fit with our Compressed Air business. It generates value for our shareholders and it's accretive to all of our key metrics. It adds to our core compression capabilities and it adds breadth and range to our Compressed Air business.  Please go to Slide 12. There are no updates to the timing of the closure. Everything is progressing according to schedule. We still expect to close in the fourth quarter. The forecast, I'll go into next. It does not include any operational results from Cameron. And we'll update you once we know the closing date. Please go to Slide 13. Our full year revenue forecast for growth of about 4% is unchanged. There's been some movement within the Climate segment where transport is going to come in somewhat stronger given the orders we have in hand for marine containers and APUs that will ship this year, which is offset by somewhat lower HVAC revenues in Latin America and Asia and the impact of negative foreign exchange. Please go to Slide 14. For the full year, as I said, we still see revenue growth of about 4%. We are adjusting our full year 2014 earnings outlook to a range of $3.17 to $3.21 on a reported basis. For the full year, we now expect to spend about $0.03 in restructuring versus $0.05 in our prior guidance, so on an adjusted basis, in the range of $3.20 to $3.24. This includes absorbing some transaction costs related to the closing of the Cameron acquisition, which again were not in the July guidance. There is no change to the full year average share count guidance of 275 million shares with a tax rate of approximately 25%. Fourth quarter 2014 revenues are forecast to be up approximately 3% to 4%. We expect mid-single-digit growth in Climate and low single-digit growth in Industrial. Fourth quarter GAAP continuing earnings per share forecast to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.72. Restructuring costs are expected to be about $0.01 in the quarter. So on an adjusted basis, the EPS range is $0.69 to $0.73. The difference between the prior fourth quarter guidance and current guidance is from the negative Venezuelan currency impact estimate of $0.03, just timing moving from Q3 to Q4, as Sue discussed, some timing of shipments between Q3 and Q4 versus the July view, and transaction costs related to the closure of the Cameron acquisition, which were not included in our prior guidance. We are assuming an average share count in the fourth quarter of 270 million shares and a tax rate of about 25%. There's an EPS bridge versus last year's fourth quarter in the appendix for your reference.  So in closing, we're pleased to have delivered above our earnings commitment in the third quarter with solid performance against some macro headwinds. I continue to feel good about our positioning and our focus as we head into the final quarter of the year.  With that, Sue and I will be happy to take your questions. 
Michael Lamach: Sure. Applied equipment revenue was down low single digits, but Applied revenues were actually up in North America, kind of mid-single digits. So we saw the weakness really in all regions except North America. And so that really, Jeff, I think is the first quarter that we've seen kind of mid-single-digit growth. And I think if we were to see another quarter or 2 of that, we'd feel better, going into 2015, that there would be a moderate recovery in institutional construction. 
Michael Lamach: Jeff, I'd probably add on here a little bit and say when you back up and look at the longer-term guidance we've given, around 15% to 20% EPS growth in '14, '15 and '16, we're tracking at about 21%, at the midpoint of the guidance we're giving right now. And with bookings being so strong in the third quarter and really setting up well for the fourth quarter in 2015, there's no reason, when we see a good idea here, not to act on it and pull it forward and really build and protect against that 15%, 20% EPS growth in '15 and '16. So I think that there are no surprises here. And I want to emphasize there's absolutely nothing wrong with this business. These are investments that we fully expect to have a return in '15 and '16, and we would expect that business to return to normal incremental margin expectation in '15 and '16. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Nigel, first of all, we've laid out a 15% to 20% '14, '15 and '16. '14 happened about how we thought relative to growth in the market: leverage, core share count, tax and buyback all being factors that are yielding a year that should be just a bit up top of that range. And again, we're looking at this thing a little longer term, not just quarter-to-quarter. And there's some opportunity particularly in the Industrial segment, where we think that we can accelerate growth much like we're seeing that acceleration right now in the Climate business. And it's going to take just a little bit of investment, and we want to be smart about that. But I have no reason to have any different expectation than 15%, 20% EPS growth in '15 and '16 as we see it now. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, actually, a very successful quarter for us. Worldwide, Unitary equipment was up high teens in the third quarter, so that was a success. Trane commercial unitary revenues were up by low teens in the third quarter. That was certainly a positive for us as well, high single digit in the Americas, very strong growth in Europe and a decline in Asia. So again, high teens Unitary orders and then good revenue flow-through in the quarter across the Unitary business, again, low teens, good, continued success in the Americas, high single digits. EMEIA was really outstanding, again, sort of a high mid-teens in Europe -- Western Europe, I should say; a little bit higher than that in the Middle East. And all that brought down by the events of what was happening in Eastern Europe, so a good quarter. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, I'd say, Mark, as of today, the impact is going to be very different for each OEM depending on what their channel structure is. So I think you're going to see different results that are going to phase in over the year. And actually, you're seeing some volatility in order and shipment rates between OEMs in the res business. As you probably know, we own part of the distribution, and part of it's independent. We have been talking to our distributors and our dealers. And even among them, it's not one size fits all. It depends on their liquidity, the stocking capacity and the strategy that they want to employ themselves for managing the transition. But as we see it today, we'll have some prebuy and we'll certainly have some prebuild in the fourth quarter. And so we're following the situation closely. We have plans in place for both, and we're flexible enough to adjust accordingly as it evolves within the quarter. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, as I said, Julian, I think early in the year, prudent modeling would probably have us telling you something more like 25%, allowing for breakage. When things go right for us, like they've done a lot this year, we might see something closer to gross margins. And in fact, depending on where that business is coming in to us, there could be some leverage against fixed assets, depending on what we've done there at the time. So 30% is probably a good, more aggressive number, 25% more prudent, and there'll be some volatility. I think any -- in quarter-to-quarter, but again over the full year and then over a long period of time, now 4 or 5 years, we've been able to pretty consistently have those top quartile incremental margins. And that's a pretty important part of our commitment and strategy for how we'll run the business. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, Julian, price would have been just a touch higher than material inflation, but so close that Sue is rounding it correctly to about flat. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, simply for me, Steve, you -- just to reiterate, 3 pretty much coming out of Venezuela, a couple coming out of Cameron, one currency maybe, even? And the balance of that is just being a little bit more sensitive to the volatility of what we're seeing with some of the order rates. And China is a great example where you're seeing volatility, one strong bookings quarter followed by a weak bookings quarter and then lagged, of course, to a revenue quarter and so on and so forth. And so there's some volatility here. Latin America is weaker, and I don't think it's going to change for the balance of the year, in addition to China. So it's a little bit of market, but I would say the market is -- it's probably $0.01, exchange is a $0.01, and then the balance is just Cameron and Venezuela. 
Michael Lamach: We had really good growth in the quarter, Steve, really good growth in the quarter in all regions of the world. And as I always point out continued penetration of ducted and ductless markets as well. So it's a good balanced approach, but good success with VRF, excellent growth coming in all regions with the line. 
Michael Lamach: There's puts and takes in there, Steve. We would normally have, without a prebuild, sort of a wind-down and lower working capital we kind of add back on top of that. So it's not completely in that number, but the change in thinking, certainly, I think, would be attributable largely to our thoughts around a prebuild. 
Michael Lamach: Well, it's a little too soon, Steve. We've got to see what happens with, certainly, 14 SEER pricing. And then just in terms of dynamics as it plays out with each OEM in its own strategy as to how much inventory they're prebuilding and holding. And again, that's a factor of how quickly does 14 come down to being -- a push against 13. And I would say that over time, and possibly a relatively short period of time, you're going to see some focus on cost reductions coming into the 14 SEER units across the competitive base. And so there's a lot of play there for us to make a call on that now. So the other point I would make, back to the working capital question, there was some other selective areas where there's quite a bit of order volatility. As an example, marine container, auxiliary power units, even the TK units that go on trucks. So it's the vehicle-powered and self-powered truck units. A lot of volatility in the order rates there. Those are nice businesses for us. And so you've got us holding and bringing in more component inventory of long-lead items to be able to build against that demand. And it's really a fine-tuning of the working capital to the upside to ensure that we've got the ability to take advantage of really good progress in order rates across those businesses. 
Michael Lamach: I don't even know if I have that handy, Steve. I'll tell you what, we'll look for it. Take the next question, and I'll answer that as we go here. 
Michael Lamach: Well, for the industry, our view of units in the industry has been something to the neighborhood of 5 points of normal growth and probably a couple of points of growth associated with prebuild and trip. So we end up with sort of a mid- to high-single-digit residential environment. That's the environment we think we're playing into and our plans would be commensurate with that. 
Michael Lamach: I think in the industry, it started already. We had, competitively, one large OEM that had a ERP system conversion and put about 30 days of extra inventory into the channel. We've had a couple of other OEM competitors that have had more aggressive campaigns against -- moving into the channel. So some of it happened in Q3. I think more of it will happen in Q4. But in total, I think it's a couple of points probably to NBU [ph] volumes, which would put you somewhere in neighborhood of a range of a low end of 700,000 and a high end maybe 1 million units in market being prebuilt. 
Michael Lamach: Yes, thanks. In Industrial, it is choppy. And so I think your question, you have the answer in it as well. It absolutely has been choppy -- large centrifugal air compressor orders are going to be a big swing factor there, and that was a difference for us as well. With TK, it's been, again, strong growth in Western Europe. Of course, marine container is strong. But very, very slow and weak growth in Eastern Europe. Or really no growth, I mean, really no business. It's really dried up until things normalize there. And then with smaller vehicles, again, small trucks, that's moderated somewhat as well. So TK is slowing down a little bit in Europe, but we're picking it up in other areas like in marine. And Industrial, I would expect to see some choppiness, but in essence, to be able to continue to move toward that kind of 1% to 3% sort of growth rate for the year and probably after a couple of quarters. I don't see any big shocks happening there. 
Michael Lamach: Well, you've got one solid quarter, I think, of North American growth. And if you recall, we said last quarter that we felt like we're seeing an inflection point. And so you have the inflection point off the bottom. You've had one quarter of good kind of growth. We don't really subscribe to the McGraw-Hill data view that says that there's a sort of 10-point hop happening in 2015 institutional construction. I think that we're more likely to see a multiyear kind of mid-single digit, or on a given quarter or 2 it may touch high single-digit Applied rate. And many, many reasons for that, some of which include the availability of skilled trades and labor to work on these projects for institutional customers. So -- and that's very consistent with what we're seeing for inquiries and what we're seeing in the pipeline of projects that we're looking at. So I'd like to see another quarter or 2, Josh, before we'd say that not only is an inflection point, but is a trend that we would feel good about calling for 2015. But I think it's pointed in the right direction for a moderate year. And again, a stronger but more moderated recovery than what McGraw-Hill is projecting. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I think you're mostly thinking about North America Applied because that's where we would see typically the institutional recovery that we... 
Michael Lamach: I think it stays fairly narrow. And we've had very good success for some 3 or maybe more years now of driving price in excess of material inflation. It could invert a quarter or 2. I don't see that happening, but it could happen. But I would expect that over time, over 3 or 4 quarters of time rolling, you would see a slight premium to material inflation. And that's just what we've built into the operating system and into the expectations of product management and in the way that our people get compensated themselves. 
Michael Lamach: It's anybody's guess on that. So it's the Wild West, I think, as it comes to expectations around what really happens on that. But look, at some point, it's not the richest margin project -- product that anybody is selling. And so I think the sensitivity around price/cost is narrow enough that there's not going to be really anything crazy happening there. I mean, why go through the effort of prebuilding if in fact you're going to give it away as part of the 2014 equation? So -- or 2015 equation? So I don't really see that as being a significant problem. And then Steve, back to your question, I think it's about 60%, 6-0, on the 13 SEER mix for us. 
Michael Lamach: And the maintenance, Andrew, I think is sort of -- if you look back over a longer period of time, the sort of maintenance that we do around the footprint probably gets you to some sort of $0.05 that we would put in, to be prudent every year. But it's not the big story. We're generally always looking at, but generally happy with, where the footprint actually is, what utilization is and what the available capacity is, hopefully going into some growth coming into '15 and '16, particularly in the HVAC commercial businesses. 
Michael Lamach: Well, I'm sure if they did, they'd be impairing their own profitability, so I'm not sure if that wins anybody's sort of affection in that regard. I would say that the investments that we're making are fewfold. One is there's been some efficiency rules put in place in China for air compressors. That's moving to Europe, and I think it will be adopted soon and that eventually in early conversations with the DOE, it will come to the U.S. and other countries as well. And so it's really getting in front of a lot of these 2017, '18 and '19 efficiency requirements. Our belief is that the brand promise has been around energy efficiency and around reliability. And so what we want to be able to do is be able to continue to sell the most efficient, most reliable products in the marketplace. And that's really what the investment is. Certainly, it's not indicative of some oil-free pressure that we're seeing around pricing. It's not the story that we had in Q3 or Q4 around the compression in margin. It really is we have not seen the golf recovery, although orders are up a little bit. We certainly haven't seen shipments improve across golf. That's hurt. And then we pulled forward a number of NPD and channel investments to set ourselves up into '15 and '16, particularly -- well, across all of the Industrial businesses x Club Car. 
Michael Lamach: Last question first. The incremental margins have been right at expectation and pretty consistent with past performance when the business is growing and leveraged. There's nothing unique or really remarkable about the leverage that we're seeing there. In fact, in the Climate segment, the remarkable leverage has come from the commercial and residential Trane businesses in particular. The growth that we're seeing is certainly highest in APUs. When you think about what our truck customers face, the #1 issue that they have is the availability of drivers. A couple of large customers told me that drivers only last about 9 months in that business. But some of the larger companies have found that by installing APUs in their cabs, they're able to significantly increase driver retention. And so that's one of the reasons we're seeing APUs really expand dramatically even though fuel prices have dropped. And it used to be that APUs increased as fuel prices increased, but this is a disconnect. Fuel crude [ph] prices are dropping and the driver is really around driver-retention more than anything. Marine container has been good, particularly gen sets into marine containers have been very strong for us. And we continue to leverage new product, which is more expensive with the tier 4 new CARB requirements coming into play, and that's driven a lot of, obviously, the revenue upside for us as well. 
Michael Lamach: Nothing's changed in terms of wanting to be as smart and practical in pragmatic uses of capital in terms of how we're our thinking about it. We have said that the dividend needs to be 30% to 35%, and we're going to continue to keep pushing on that to make sure that we're competitive in the peer group. We're going to control any share dilution, so share buybacks will continue to be a part of the story. And then depending on what's best from there, which would probably toggle between share repurchase and acquisitions that are accretive to us and accretive in the short term. And we'll see where that goes, but we'll guide more in 2015 on that. But wouldn't expect anything different than what we've been saying over the last couple, few years. 
Michael Lamach: Well, mostly what's happening is just freight prices are really increasing, particularly flatbed. And so where you're moving really large pieces of equipment, so chillers or extremely large rooftop units, of which I think you know we've got a very high share of, those are moved typically over one or more flatbeds as opposed to closed-body trucks. And the theoretical utilization of flatbeds is like 106% right now in the marketplace, which isn't possible other than if you look at what's happening. You've got prices going up and trucking companies not really investing in new fleets because they can't find drivers. So that's the primary driver there is freight for us, and I think that our competitors are seeing the same thing. We probably, as a mix, have a higher degree of that just due to the mix of Applied versus Unitary and even the large Unitary mix that we have versus their Unitary. Some of our competitors only go up to 30, 40 tons, and of course, we go up to 150 tons of unitary, which can take 2 or 3 semis to move. 
Michael Lamach: Well, we've had that outlier happening now for a while, so I can't -- probably can't hide -- I can't look past the results there. We're doing really well in Europe. New product launches have gone extremely well. We've got a great management team on the ground that's very energized. And I don't know how long it will persist, but we're enjoying it for the time being. 
Michael Lamach: So one thing in particular, Sue gave you an absolutely true and factual corporate number, which is around circa $10 million of investment. But even if you look at the mix change of that $10 million, it's shifting much more toward Industrial than it is to Climate. Climate has been very efficient with their plans. And so we've shifted actually more of that than the 10 [ph] to Industrial and a little less in Climate. So that's a bigger impact to the Climate margin than just the absolute $10 million for the company. Incremental margins there should look to recover in 2015, probably certainly at the gross margins. And then depending on weather in Q1 and Q2 of next year, meaning we don't have multiple ice storms and the severity that we had, in Club Car, we should not have a repeat of the Club Car in golf environment Q1 and Q2. And that was a, I'm guessing, $20 million impact to us probably in the first quarter. So if you don't repeat that, you get back to the normal incremental margins in the business, hopefully, with a little higher growth rate, okay, which is something we're looking at, too, as what can we do through these investments to drive a little higher growth rates than what we were thinking. We should get incremental margins at or above gross margins for Air in 2015. So as we enter into that planning process and enter into guidance with you when we talk to you soon in the first quarter, we're going to tune that, but that would be a pretty good indicator of what -- at least my expectation and I know Sue's expectations would be going in. 
Michael Lamach: I'm trying to look. It's -- probably don't have that broken out exactly where you can see it. It's probably 50 basis points, yes. 
Susan Carter: Let me give that a shot, Jeff, and talk a little bit about Industrial. And I'll kind of broaden the question a little bit and talk about some of the things that we were doing. So when we think about Industrial and we think about where we are and where we are with the third quarter results, there's a piece of this that says as we've gone through 2014 and we've looked at this. The first quarter created quite a hole for us. And we knew that, and we knew it was going to take some aggressive actions to get back to the target on operating income margins for the year. In addition to that, as we've gone through the year, we've been looking at these businesses, sort of the new structure. And we've been looking at growth and the business has prioritized good payback investments that are going to support growth. They're going to support product development, service infrastructure investments, channel investments like I talked about in the script. And so as we were going through the third quarter, we looked at where we were. Again, Climate has been overachieving. We did accelerate some of the investment in Industrial. And again, looking at new products to prepare them for the upcoming technology efficiency standards, investments in channel and services. And in addition to that, as we thought about the back half of the year, we were expecting perhaps more recovery in Club Car than what occurred. So golf markets have really remained down as we've gone through the year. And so when we think about Industrial then going forward, nothing that we're seeing in the investments that we're making -- it's not going to change our longer-term margin opportunity for Industrial, and we expect them to have margin improvement in 2015. 
Susan Carter: And then the piece, Nigel, on your question on the inflation that we referenced in the press release, so there is a bit of material inflation that happens on the Industrial side of the business. Again it's not something that is unexpected, but it is inflationary pressure. There is also inflation that occurs from our businesses with people, with compensation and different pieces of just year-over-year inflation. Again, none of that would be an unexpected event for the businesses. What you balance that with is that sometimes in the businesses, and this in particular occurred with the Industrial side, is that the productivity is a little lumpy, which means that we had some productivity that was better in Q2 versus Q3. But the inflation numbers were a little higher in Q3 than they were in Q2. So you've got some flips and -- puts and takes between the couple of quarters. But again, there is not an inflation that is something we wouldn't expect or that's unusual for the business. I mean, these are normal things that occur. 
Susan Carter: So I think, Julian, when we look at the full year of 2014 and at the midpoint level for the full year, what you see is an incremental leverage of about 33%. And then in the fourth quarter, what you have is a segment leverage of about 30%. So overall, when you look at first half, second half, they're pretty evenly weighted. And again, I think as we talk about going forward, we would continue to expect that sort of the threshold would be at the gross margin level for leverage expectation. 
Susan Carter: Right. So what you would end up with, Steve, is you'd have the Venezuela, as we called it out, we also called out having some of the Cameron costs that were in there. And as we had said in August, when we announced the transaction, about $0.01 or $0.02 on the costs for the Cameron piece. And then as you think about it and as we talked about it today, we may have had some revenue that was pulled into Q3 versus Q4. So nothing again other than really sort of those raw components, but the biggest 2 pieces being Venezuela and also the addition of the expected Cameron transaction costs. 
Susan Carter: What I would also say, though, for those on the call is we pegged Venezuela at $10 million as we went through the midpoint of the year, which is what we had in the third quarter numbers, and we've rolled that into the fourth quarter numbers. That's an extremely volatile situation. The number could be different than the $10 million. But we weren't going to play with making any changes in our overall guidance for what that might be doing because we just simply don't know. I mean, it is just going to continue to move. And if there is a negative impact from that, we'll balance it off of the $10 million, but that's not a known number. That's the piece that we've put into the guidance, and we'll continue to monitor that with things down there. And I just wanted to make sure that everyone is clear that that's the number that we arrived at and put into the guidance. 
Susan Carter: The -- I think it's [indiscernible], right? So the normal rates, so it wasn't the SICAD I or II rate. 
Susan Carter: I think as we have looked at restructuring for 2014, Andrew, we started out with a forecast that said we had a lot of plans that we actioned in the fourth quarter of 2013, and sort of a normalized level would be in the $0.05 to $0.10 range in 2014. And as we've gone through the year, what we've done, as a natural part of the business, is we've looked for opportunities that made sense. But we did do some pretty heavy lifting on restructuring in the fourth quarter. And so as we've gone through the year, we sort of let this naturally fall out with things that we needed to do and things that fit the construct of how we were running the business. And it just happens to be $0.03 this year. That isn't a predictor of what the future will be. But we have put in basically a placeholder that said what was normal. And given the work that we did at the end of last year and actually the first couple of months of 2014, just wasn't as necessary throughout 2014, so we're at $0.03. 
Susan Carter: So Joe, the -- if I'm going to add where we are in a full year now, we're probably adding $9 million to $10 million to that $65 million. So it now looks more like $74 million, $75 million on the incremental basis. 
