Dave Regnery: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. This is Dave, I'll take a first shot and then Mike could add comments and Chris. During Q2, we saw equipment and services down really in every region and services was much more resilient than equipment. As the quarter progressed, if you remember at the end of the first quarter, we were talking about our service business being impacted by not being able to have access to buildings. As the quarter progressed, we had those safety protocols worked out with our customers, so that became much less of a problem. We still have a few areas in the world, maybe some countries in Asia where that's still a problem, but for the most part, we've overcome that. As far as your question on the outlook, we expect service 300 basis points to 400 basis points better than equipment in the back half. We are seeing a lot of interest in our service business in our indoor air quality assessments. And we're also seeing a lot of opportunities in service in our digital connections.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I would tell you, we're going at this at a very holistic level, okay. So when we do an assessment, when we've been asked to do 1,000 of these assessments, it's really at a system level. So the first thing that we would do is we would come in and make sure that the system was in fact operating as it was designed, once that has been achieved, we start layering in different options for our customers to evaluate not only the indoor air quality, but also the energy intensity. And that could be things such as fresh air exchanges, if you're exchanging three times an hour, perhaps you want to move to five times an hour, filtration, if you're going to change your filters, what would that sequence look like? And what would the ramifications be to the rest of the system? We see a lot of people out there just changing filters that could solve a problem or it could actually cause an additional problem, meaning you could have too much friction in your air ducts, you won't be able to move air through it, thus causing less clean air into the indoor air quality assessment. So we take a very holistic view, we then go and we look at the energy intensity, because everything I just mentioned, filtration and fresh air exchanges tends to use more energy and we're working with our customers to find other ways to offset that energy.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, the only color I would add to that, Mike is, there is a lot of science behind indoor air quality and we've been at this for a long time. So we know how to do this, we've been selling this for years, it's just now we're getting a lot of attention, obviously, because of COVID. The other area that we're seeing, and I mentioned it earlier is in our digital connections. We're seeing a lot of customers now asking to be remotely connected, they understand the advantage of that now. So that's another area that they're making investments and we think that will continue into the second half.
Dave Regnery: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Scott, building codes generally adopt, like in the case of the U.S. example ASHRAE standards. In fact, the ASHRAE standards were adopted throughout the world often in terms of codes and standards. So although the federal government is not mandating a particular standard, it's all built into the building codes that you would see in various States and municipalities around the list of country here.
Dave Regnery: Yes, I think it's around, probably closer to five. The other thing that's a little bit different too, is that and Mike mentioned it earlier is we're actually mixing up on SEER. So in past downturns, we tended to sell more lower SEER products. We're actually selling – we're actually mixing up and the high SEER products are very attractive to homeowners. And some of that obviously could be because a lot of people are working from home and they understand the advantage of those products.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I'd tell you, Gautam, we've really seen the whole spectrum there, right. In some cases we have customers that need to do major work like they want to increase the amount of outside air they're bringing in, which actually means they need more cooling capacity. So that could be the longer lead side. And I would tell you that on the shorter lead side, we're seeing customers that really just need to fix some of their handling equipment and make sure the dampers are working properly and maybe increase a fan speed so that we can increase the filtration rate. So it's really all over the board and it's pretty early days here, right. I mean, so we can't, we're obviously tracking this very closely and we'll continue to do that. But we're probably a quarter or two away from being able to, actually give you more color around the size and what the whole opportunity will be.
Dave Regnery: Yes, Julian, I'll start and Mike can add some color. But in North America, ACT right now is saying that 2021 will have a rebound of the – in the 20% range. IHS in Europe has got a little bit more conservative bounce back. So their models are saying that, we obviously have our own internal models that we track. There's been a lot of deferred buying, I would say, especially in the long haul space in North America. So we're hoping that ACT is correct. But I tell you, there's still a lot of uncertainty out there right now. And I would tell you that a lot of these trucking companies, they're very good business people and they're not going to make investments that they don't need, or they can't really see the return on. So we're cautiously optimistic on 2021.
Dave Regnery: I would just say that, this isn't normal time. Maybe last year we had a lot more visibility, but obviously things are changed right now. Like I told you earlier, it's pretty fuzzy right now as to what the verticals are. The good news is, is that we're very diverse in the verticals. So we're not over-weighted in any one vertical. And I think I said earlier, we are seeing strength in warehousing and strength is the right word, but they're stronger than other verticals and things like retail and office have slowed down considerably.
Mike Lamach: John, in some cases where the capacity of the systems, as Dave said, when you – you might increase filtration to a very high MERV filter, but the pressure drop across the filter may not support the ability for the fan, the fan may be under size or the casing. So the duct work could be under size, you can actually implode systems or blow up fan motors. And so it's the level of modeling and sophistication and retrofitting required for each unique situation. And that's, I think a tremendous advantage of us – our capability to be able to provide that. So as Dave said, there is really been 1,000 of assessments done. I assume we're going to be doing 1,000s more assessments for a long time. And it's such a big opportunity, it's hard to put a number on it, because you're talking about billions of square feet around the world and everybody's dealing with the same kinds of issues and problems.
Mike Lamach: Hey, Joe. I’ll start and I’m going to give Dave a chance to put more color on that. But yes, look, I think that in terms of buildings reopening, there could be a need for buildings reopening to do service that's been deferred or delayed. But frankly, I think what'll take precedence over that is these indoor air quality assessments to make sure buildings actually can open and open safely. So, if you think about a strategy for returning to school, K312 in the U.S. would be a great example of that. It's not a function of just going in and doing deferred maintenance, it’s a function of going in as Dave said and looking at if whether or not the systems are working to design or code or to standards or what might be done to provide more reassurances. And so, my sense would be that in some cases you could see what would have been preventative maintenance being spent on more retrofits into the system itself and how that looks into 2021, it's hard to tell. I mean, if you think about our business today in North America, it's 50% services, 50% equipment, of the 50% equipment, really only 20% or 30% of that is equipment, as we reported as Dodge put in place, the balance of that is retrofit. So my sense is the 70% of our business is going to be a tremendous amount of interest, I would say in indoor air quality first. And then I think as everybody knows, it's just not a matter of putting in a new system or retrofitting a system to have better indoor air quality characteristics, you don’t have to maintain that system again that new better higher standards. So I think in the long run it really helps our model, it helps our business and clearly it creates a safer environment for occupants.
Mike Lamach: Well, we're actually joining in a great position to answer that because half of our business would be independent wholesalers and half of our business is, they're company owned wholesale distribution points. So we sell both, we see both the sell in and the sell through. But it's such an archaic time, one like, I've never remembered before where you saw in April and May the normal sort of selling that you would do to independent distribution really didn't happen as independent distributors made a decisions about what they’ve thought the economy was going to hold for them and probably some preservation of working capital, some hesitation there. What they found out was the consumer was relatively resilient during that period of time. And probably, on average, found out they were holding say 25% less inventory as they entered June, than they needed to, of course, the sell through didn't changed, and we saw that on the company owned side of the equation. So that led to a record June in bookings for us, and it's led to a record July. I'll just give you one intra-quarter data point there, which is July, because it is such a quick book and turn business that it is relevant. So the numbers there were quite extraordinary, June bookings up say 40%, July booking say up 50%, all that pushed out from what would have been the normal seasonality of April and May. So the important thing I think for investors to look at right here is how healthy is the consumer, what's the sell through the actual take rate from the consumer and are they mixing up or mixing down? Interestingly, we're seeing a mix up and that's different. We're fortunate to that because part of what we're seeing in terms of our growth and our performance has been – we're now in the value segment of the market in this downturn. But ironically, we're seeing growth in both. We're seeing growth in for us at the entry level, at the value price points and we're seeing the premium systems also continue to have some solid strength.
Mike Lamach: Well, it's interesting, Scott, because as you really look at the value chain inside the cold chain in the adjacencies that we would have still inside the cold chain, easily get to a $250 billion or $260 billion market. And even the example that Dave gave, which is the electrification of heat in Europe, right, we've never been in the boiler business, we've never been in the heating business per se in Europe. But now you create a solution where between cold air and hot water, you may be three or four times better than independent solutions, and we find ourselves now really in an adjacency, which is growing the business in Europe with ductless four pipe systems that allow us to participate in $1 billion market in Europe that we didn't participate in before. So one of the beautiful things about the work we've done in the transformation has all the strategy work to understand these adjacencies and see where the leverage is. So right now, everything we're looking at is fundamentally is how we see the adjacencies in the HVAC and refrigeration space. It doesn't mean that over the long run, we wouldn't look, but I think we've seen great opportunity right in our sweet spot, in our core competencies utilizing our channels, our engineering talent, our R&D, all the things that we're really good at.
Mike Lamach: Yes. Scott, there is some talk about that, obviously, we'd be a big part of any kind of standards that were derived, we've worked with ASHRAE, which is really the organization that kind of monitors this and has a lot of the testing associated with it. We've been asked by our customers, if you see in the presentation kind of that emblem there, they want their employees to know that in fact an expert has come in, has taken a look and have made changes to make the environment a safer place. So there is a chance that could become like the next lead. But right now, there is no quote standards around that as we speak.
Mike Lamach: There is no doubt about the second part of your question. I think Dave, the market might've been down 11%, 12%, because of the weak April, May.
Mike Lamach: Well, for new put in place Dodge data, the 20%, 30% of the North American commercial business, you've really got to pull that apart – pick it apart by vertical market. And some vertical markets are obviously going to be growing and be more resilient, warehousing and data centers have been more resilient as an example versus retail office buildings or retail restaurants, that sort of thing. So you have to really pick that apart. But for the balance of the business, I think there's going to be a very active multiple year opportunity around going into the 70%, 80% of the business, right, both the service business and the retrofit business, the demand that we drive. Really looking at what the outcome needs to be around, some of these IAQ assessments and whether or not a customer can do everything at one time, thinking about a large school district or campus, or they want to prioritize certain things over time, you could really run out multi-year asset plans for customers around the facilities and what would work. So it's hard to know sort of, if you think about the percentage of the 20%, what would decline and compare that against what the opportunity is for my key basis, resulting retrofits and service opportunity within that, it's too early to tell Steve. But there's reason to hope for us that there's going to be a busy time for us relative to being able to drive demand through what we know how to do from an IAQ assessment. And then as Dave said and I followed onto Dave, all this is a tremendous tax on the energy efficiency of a building. So whether a building is occupied at 50% or 100%, in terms of running the systems, you're still running those systems at very high usage rate, and the intensity of course is very high with HVAC and lighting systems. So if you're going to take these IAQ ideas, which all our tax on energy used in the facility, we're going to have a second round or really a parallel round of when customers take an action to improve indoor air quality, looking for offsetting energy conservation measures to neutralize that, that I think is an opportunity as well. But it's too soon for us to tell kind of what really plays out.
Mike Lamach: Yes. That's why it was important this time to just give you the best information we can and to make it as simple as we could for any investor to understand was look at the sell-through, because it's just these aberrations we're seeing where distributors might've had 25% less than they would have normally needed coming into June. Let me see this 40% and 50% kind of growth in the order rates. It's a little bit of a catch up but I think that that sell-through is we want to look at here and look, I mean, best guess. And it's hard to know because we've only seen seven months of the year. You could see sell-through kind of down five downtime, Dave, I think that's probably five of the best case, time may not be the worst case we don’t know we haven't seen the rest of the year yet. But the sell through is the important thing. The aberration was really in, you think about any independent wholesaler thinking about their own working capital, playing out their own recession playbook, worried about really less about a pandemic maybe and certainly about a pandemic, but more also about the long-term effect of a recession. There was a retrenchment and depending on how you place bets, as a distributor, you either did or didn't have enough stock to serve customers. So then, frankly, you get more into a panic situation in June and July. And it's a whipsaw, so I wouldn't pay attention to the 40 to the 50, I pay attention to the sell-through. And I think that that sell-through is probably going to be in that five, 10, Dave.
Mike Lamach: It’s too early for us to be able to say that, Gautam. What I would tell you is our sales force, commercially, we think about it really as a – it's a 100% commission sales force, which is very unique out in the marketplace. They're not going anywhere. And if there's less things for them to do around new buildings and new construction, they're going to get after the billions of square feet that are out there where people need help. So I can tell you that we're going to have all the urgency to outperform the market going forward, that you'd expect. And for us, the most important thing is whatever the market is, we want to outperform the market. We want to grow EBITDA margins. And that's always been the case, the product growth teams has been the case around our product development cycles, it's been the case around why it's important for us to own and operate and service our commercial channel.
Mike Lamach: We have a business – here, we call it turnkey. Turnkey for us, generally speaking, projects under $100,000, we're going in and doing retrofits and energy conservation projects and going forward, you're probably going to find a lot of indoor air quality projects going in that. So part of it is trying to understand how much increase in turnkey that we demand generate versus, what are we seeing in terms of traditional projects going through design, plan, spec, sourcing, construction and then ultimate delivery of product and services, hard to know. So this is – earlier point that I think Steve asked, just need more time here to see how this really plays out in terms of the kinds of opportunities and retrofits we see with IAQ.
Mike Lamach: We're a huge supporter of that because the payback on that it's not a handout, it's a payback. And so to the extent, federal and state buildings could be retrofitted. This always has been this enormous opportunity that I think that that sort of thing could really unlock for us. And certainly we're talking to the administration frequently around the opportunity there would be a strong supporter of that type of activity. And we're uniquely suited to be able to go address those challenges because, frankly, it's really doing two things. It's not just infrastructure, renewal, indoor air quality and energy savings. We're doing this stuff typically with reducing greenhouse gas emissions dramatically, if not completely, if they use our EcoWise portfolio. So it just checks so many boxes that are good for the country and for the world. And the paybacks on these things are very short.
Mike Lamach: Yes, Julian. I think that our litmus test around share buyback versus M&A is just sort of the intrinsic value. But we think the share price, share value is and what we think the long range return is for the acquisition, the M&A. And so we've always been sort of agnostic and fair about looking at that. I mean, clearly all things being equal, we'd rather build and grow the company and have the opportunities that that presents itself. And so we are seeing a pipeline, it is active. We will do some things in the back half of the year. Frankly, COVID and travel is actually hurt things like due diligence, the amount of time we spend and the speed in which we could perhaps react and go see things. And so that's been a little bit more challenging for us, but I think we'll still be active this year with some M&A.
Mike Lamach: Yes, I think market-wise, I'd worry more about the parts of the market that are much more consumer-sensitive like light commercial retail, big box, those sorts of things. We see more bankruptcies, more mall closures things like that, sort of the light unitary, the rooftop market, those respond much quicker to economic shock.
Mike Lamach: Yes, look, it’s put pressure on hospitals finances clearly without being able to do elective surgeries and whatnot. So that's something to keep an eye on. But one thing for certain is the healthcare infrastructure in the United States is not going to fail, right. If you think about any stimulus or any risk of that happening, I think that would be a place where you would see support coming in to help hospitals in that situation. So I'm not worried about the long-term or even the mid-term effective healthcare. And I think we've gotten through, hopefully we're getting through the worst of this non-elective surgery component, which drives revenues through the healthcare system.
