Chris Kuehn: Yeah, I'll start, Andy. So I think going into the fourth quarter, we continue to see challenges on the supply chain front in terms of driving spot buys, inefficiencies in our plant and factory operations. And with our Q4 guide of leverage around mid-teens, we really kind of landed right around that guide. I think leverage in the quarter was around 14%. So we landed right where we thought we would land. In the fourth quarter, we saw a little bit more price on the realization side. We saw a little bit more inflation as well in the fourth quarter as those both continue to ramp. But we did see negative productivity over other inflation in the fourth quarter. And we're anticipating that for the first half of 2022 as well. The supply chain constraints are real. We're managing through them, day-by-day, week-by-week. And right now, what we see right now is the second half of the year looks to be stronger in terms of supply chain resiliency and ultimately getting some of the supply chain back on track. But it's a balance we're working each and every day.
Chris Kuehn: Hey, Julian, it's Chris. I'll start. Yeah, first quarter, where we're dialing in the guide around $0.95 to $1, that would put it around 14% to the full year. So Q1 would be around 14% versus the full year at the midpoint. That's actually a little better than what our average has been over the last four to five years. That average is around 12%. So we're seeing it to be a little bit stronger on the full year. But I think it's hard to tell what we think the second quarter will fully be at this point. We continue to work the supply chain challenges. And as we see it, this is not a demand concern. The demand is absolutely there. This is really a supply chain and how do we navigate through it. So we'll provide some more guidance when we get through our first quarter call and what we think for Q2. But we definitely see from the supply chain aspects, the second half of the year is easing in terms of supply, logistics and some of the labor constraints as well.
Chris Kuehn: Hey, Josh. It's Chris. Yes, in the fourth quarter, I would say price was a little better than where we started the quarter and also inflation wound up being a little higher as well. Part of this is the inefficiencies we're seeing around spot buys and expedited freight to ultimately serve customers. But as I think carrying over Q4 into Q1, we're seeing roughly the same levels of inflation in the fourth quarter carrying over into the first quarter. You may recall, we look at commodities and have a hedging practice and strategy in place for copper and aluminum, which will roll out really over 12 months but it really smooths the impact of inflation. Going into any one quarter, we'd have about 70%, 75% of that price already hedged. So, I would say the impacts of the fourth quarter really start to be very similar to the impacts in the first quarter there. Steel, roughly the same way. We have about a six-month lag on our steel purchasing from when we lock in prices to when we would see any price changes. So any dynamics now in January, we're seeing in steel would really be realized in the second half of the year. So, that's how we're kind of playing out from Q4 to Q1.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah, hey, Joe. So I mean, I'll start with the second question first. So on pricing, just to remind you, we had about three price increases across the majority of our portfolio in 2021, really an unprecedented level of price. And on a full year basis it's three and a half points of price at the enterprise level across the company. So really very, very strong. We are – have announced and in place what I'll call the first price increase of 2022 that really started here in January, and that applied to the majority of our products. So it's based on the inflation that we see today and as nimble as we were last year and I think we saw the industry follow, we're going to remain nimble as we go through the year as we kind of evaluate inflation. On the price/cost dynamic, exactly, we're carrying over significant price from the fourth quarter into Q1. We're carrying over a significant level of inflation that nearly offset the price in the fourth quarter. We were slightly price/cost positive in Q4. And we see that right now being a negative in the first quarter and likely negative on the first half. Again, in the first quarter last year, we saw a very strong price. We got ahead of the marketing competition in terms of the timing of our price announcements. And we had some very modest inflation in the first quarter last year. So that helped drive the near 50% leverage in the first quarter a year ago. So we're going to, unfortunately, lap against very modest inflation in Q1. We see inflation for the year, it's really a mirror image of 2021, 2022 is. The first half of 2022 is going to look a lot like the second half of 2021 in terms of the inflation. And then we start comping in the second half of the year to a much more modest inflation or comparable inflation starting in the third quarter. So, I think right now, our best view is we're probably price/cost negative in the first half, and then it returns to really very good strength in the second half of the year and strong leverage.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah, I'd say we're not baking a whole lot of deflation into the guide, Joe, to be fair. I mean, I look at copper and aluminum futures and they're pretty narrow from now until the balance of the year. So I don't see a lot of deflation there. What's starting to show a bit of deflationary impacts is steel. Let's see where it goes. But at this point, if we start seeing deflation there, that would really impact us starting six months out from today just based on our buying habits and our locking in a steel price for six months. So if it turns out we start seeing a deflationary environment, which we're not counting on, but if we start to see that, then we'll see how that plays out in the second half of the year, but that could be a tailwind then.
Chris Kuehn: Hey, Pat, it's Chris. I'll start. Look, we expect strong growth, equipment and services on a full year basis. As we've talked in the past, applied orders and installed base drives a nice service tailwind. And just given our orders and backlog that we have in 2021 carrying over into 2022, we expect the services business to grow as well. So I'd leave it at that for now. We'll kind of update as we go quarter-by-quarter, which we typically do to highlight the growth in each of the categories. But we've got some good growth plan for both this year.
Chris Kuehn: Yes. Our view now, John, as we kind of look through the year is ending 2022 and starting 2023 with a very strong backlog, well above what our historical level will be. So to Dave's point, one or two quarters of some comping against some very strong order growth. But we see by the end of the year that still being a very healthy backlog going into '23.
Chris Kuehn: Hi, John, I would add, on the $1.9 billion to M&A and share repurchase, we did repurchase $350 million here in January. So let's say, approximately $1.5 billion left to deploy in the year. And from a modeling perspective, just given we can't identify yet how much is to be spent on M&A versus share repurchase, for our guidance, we just assumed the whole $1.5 billion remaining would be the share repurchase kind of ratably over the remaining quarters of the year. So we'll update everyone as we go quarter-to-quarter. But certainly, a preference would be to spend some value of that $1.5 billion on M&A.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah. I mean, we did not, okay, so you didn't miss anything. But obviously, we did have – we did have some revenue that pushed out from Q4 into future periods. It's probably in the same realm that we saw going from Q3 to Q4 in that $150 million range. One thing that's different there, in the fourth quarter, we had visibility working with our suppliers that we would recoup about half of that in the fourth – in the quarter, it will be in the fourth quarter, which we did. We do not have that same visibility as we enter Q1. So obviously, we're not including that in our guide.
Chris Kuehn: Yeah, Deane, I think we see multiple categories kind of driving a little bit higher CapEx, again still within our range of 1% to 2%, but right now expecting it to be closer to 2% in 2022. The categories would be around capacity expansion, driving further automation in the plants, supply chain resiliency projects here as we kind of manage through this transitionary year in 2022, improving front-end systems. Maybe one thing to highlight on the sustainability side. As we take older pieces of machinery off-line there's examples where you've got three pieces of machinery in a factory that you're able to deploy one piece of machinery today, just given improvements to technology and efficiency. And for us, that we should have a lower impact on the environment, a lower impact on energy usage. So those are the types of things we begin to lean in.
Dave Regnery: Yeah. Andy, the only thing I would add is that, in our plants right now with the supply chain constraints, and I could talk more about that after, it's very, very disruptive, okay? So if you were a plant manager you ever had the opportunity to be a plant manager, anyone on the line, you'd know what I was talking about. We're constantly having to reschedule, rebalance lines, we're pulling line-side inventory and replacing it with other line-side inventory, rescheduling employees. So this is a plant manager kind of nightmare. And the good thing is we have great plant managers, and we're working through it. But it is disruptive. It's been for - disruptive for some time now. And as Chris said, we anticipate this disruption to continue certainly through the first quarter and the first half.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Julian, how are you doing? This is Dave. Look, our commercial business performed very well in the Americas all year in 2021, with broad-based strength in Q4 across unitary, applied and service, all of them were up over 20%. So, the team is seeing tremendous demand. As far as the end markets go, you have low unemployment, you have strong underlying GDP growth, ABI has been positive for the last 11 months, which are above 50, which means positive. And again, that's a six to nine-month lag on that metric, so that's a good foreshadowing as to what to expect in the future. We have particularly strong strength in the data centers vertical, warehousing, healthcare, education. We're starting to see nice growth in the office vertical. Indoor air quality and decarbonization of the built environment will continue to be tailwinds for us. So, we'll have a strong year in our commercial HVAC business, and we have some nice tailwinds behind us and that business will continue to execute. Our constraint there will not be the markets. It will be back to the supply chain. And specifically in the first half, as we're starting to get some visibility into the second half, some of those supply constraints, specifically around electronic components, will start to ease.
Dave Regnery: Yes. Good question, Josh. I mean first of all, I'll start with IAQ, right? IAQ, Indoor Air Quality, we continue to see a tailwind from that. We had a very good year in 2021. We expect to have another good year in 2022. Still getting a lot of demand out there for indoor air quality audits, as well as what we call day two activity, which is helping our customers build out the infrastructure for long-term improvements with an energy consumption in line of sight there. As far as decarbonization of the built environment, as we call it, we're in the very, very early innings. And the intention there is growing every day. We've talked a lot about what we're doing in Europe there with the electrification of heating and that is again, just to remind everyone, it's really not just a heat pump. It's a system that's combining a chiller and a boiler plant together into one system. That is -- we're not only seeing great traction in Europe there, we're also seeing that in the Americas. So, those are in the early innings. And we track activity for both, Indoor Air Quality as well as on decarbonization pretty closely. It's getting harder to blend the two together. So those are going to continue. And then you have the core business that kind of is going to follow what we would say, the more traditional, right? We obviously look at what's happening with new construction and Dodge is still actively forecasting pretty robust demand in 2022. So that's a good sign. And as I said earlier, Architectural Billing Index is probably one of the -- has probably some of the highest correlation of what the future is going to be for our commercial HVAC business, and that's been over 50 now for 11 months. So, that bodes well for the future as well.
Dave Regnery: Yeah, it’s a good question for sure. And the first one, let me start with the order rates, okay? So, for many of our products, we do have extended lead times right now. So we do have order -- customers that are ordering early by definition. I would also tell you that, we’re working very closely with our customers and they want to give us as much visibility as possible. So there's certainly -- they understand what's happening with supply chain. So they're asking us to make sure that we got spot secured for them in the future. So I would say, we are getting orders in earlier. You see that in our robust bookings numbers. I wouldn't get overly concerned with it. It's not like we're pulling in orders from 1.5 years out, okay? We're talking a few months here. As far as pricing is concerned in the backlog, at the end of the day, you really have to go through it by business. And in our resi business, for example, we repriced the backlog. So if we have a price increase, we'll reprice the backlog. In our commercial business, some of our orders actually have price elasticity built into those based on certain indices. So depending on when it's going to ship, we'll actually be -- it will be at a higher price vis-à-vis if it's shipped today. And that's normal, and we've been doing that for a long time. So the days of, there's going to be a price increase, let me double-order or order as much as I can to get in front of it. I think we've -- I mean, that certainly happens a little bit. A lot of that behavior has been changed.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I do -- as far as the pre-buy for the regulation change and efficiency change in 2022, there could be some of that activity. We don't see it to be anything alarming. It would obviously -- we'll update everyone as we see that starting to unfold as the year goes forward. As far as the end markets go in resi, 2021 was a very robust year. Fourth quarter was very strong for us. So I'm very encouraged with order rates up over 30% in the fourth quarter.  Residential new construction, as I said earlier, it will be positive, right? I mean, there's a lot of metrics out around that. So that will probably be in the low single digits positive, although that's a small percentage of our business, about 20%. The replacement market, about 80% of our business, we don't see it falling off a cliff, okay? Could unit volume be down 1 point or 2 point? Sure. But I also would tell you that we're going to see strong price all year in resi.
Dave Regnery: Yes, it's a great question. Again, it's a smaller part of our business, only about 20%. And we certainly talk to many of the homebuilders, many of the large homebuilders and what you just described, they're very interested in, we'll see if they act on that. But they're very interested conceptually on being able to have a greener home, for lack of better terms, and being able to sell that to – to their customer. Because we're so small, I'd be hard to – where we're selling, we sell some high into that market, but it'd be interesting to see some of the larger players actually act on what they talk a lot about.
Dave Regnery: Yeah. I mean, at the end of the day, we think the integrity of our backlog is quite strong, okay? And let me tell you why. In our resi business with our independent wholesale distributors, technically, they can't cancel orders. So we don't see that backlog going away. We do see a small amount of maybe double ordering from dealers, but it's insignificant in respect to a $5.4 billion backlog. In commercial HVAC, we're dealing with complex systems and highly engineered products and working closely with engineers and architects and end customers. And you don't see a job site delay, but you're not going to see duplicate orders. And in Thermo King, we're working closely with our customers, and we're matching their demand with other OEMs, whether it be on the trailer side or the tractor side. And we're – all of us are working together to make sure that we could combine the solution for the customer and everything gets through at the same time. So we don't see those orders being canceled as well. So overall, we think the backlog is strong. As far as your question about demanding more money upfront, we're not doing that in the – certainly in the Americas or in EMEA. That has always been a practice in parts of Asia, which we do. But we're not going out and demanding cash from our customers, because of the incredible amount of demand that we're seeing. We don't – that's not what Trane Technologies is about. We want to solve our customers' most complex problems and work with them, and that's what we'll continue to do in the future.
Dave Regnery: …is in your future. Congratulations, and thanks for all your great coverage of Trane Technologies/Ingersoll-Rand through the years. We certainly appreciate. And we'll miss you.
Dave Regnery: Yeah. Joe, it's a great question. And it really has to do with ensuring that you're continuously investing in innovation for the long-term. And you heard Chris talk a little about it. Even though we know the first half of this year is going to be tough, right, we're going to struggle through supply chain constraints. We got a mirror image hitting us with inflation. We'll have strong price but we'll have some carryover strong price as well. So we know the first half will be tough. What we're not going to do in the first half is we're not going to cut our investments because we know that's about our long term. And really where we see this is the whole decarbonization of what's happening and our products about making this world a better place for next generations, that's our purpose. That's what we're committed to, and you're going to continue to see that from Trane Technologies. I had a call the other day with some ESG investors, and they asked me what I was most proud of for ESG for Trane Technologies. I thought about it for a minute, caught me a little bit off-guard, and I was like, 'I'm proud of the fact that Trane Technologies was green before it was cool to be green. And we've been working at this for a long time. Since 2013, we had our first set of science-based targets. We now have our second base of science -- second set of science-based targets. And we are committed to making a difference and we're going to do that through our innovation. We're challenging what's possible, and it's going to be a tremendous upside for Trane Technologies over the long term.
Dave Regnery: Yeah. Electrification is a big part of our strategy there, Joel. So you're again -- once again, you're on top of your game there. So yeah, we're -- we have -- in fact, we have a couple -- or a unit that's going up and down the highways. If you're in California, you may see it. That is a trailer unit that is 100% electric. And so we have a lot of really neat innovation we're working on there. Our customers are loving it. The data that we've been able to extract from the unit that's going up and down the highway is tremendous for our engineers to continue to develop and -- anyway, it's -- think about EV vehicles, think about Thermo King as, once again, staying ahead of the market there with electrification of our products. We have some really neat products that we came out with about, I guess, it was 18 months ago now in the home delivery, and we're getting a lot of traction, a lot of tractions around the globe with those products.
Dave Regnery: The other thing I would add, Pat, this is Dave, is our service business performed very well all year in 2021. And in the fourth quarter, order rates for services were up over 20%. And I don't expect it to grow at 20%, but we've seen very, very nice growth for our service business. Really not just in commercial HVAC but in our commercial HVAC on a global basis, nice service growth. And a lot of that is on intelligent services as well, and this would be with our connected solutions. And so that side of the business is growing very nicely for us.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I don't -- just to be clear, right, the first half that what's constraining growth in the first half isn't the end markets, it's the supply chain. And specifically, it's components within the supply chain, which is really around electronics. So, it's not end markets. As you see through the fourth quarter, our end markets continued to accelerate, so -- which is a good sign. I wouldn't think of it as -- as Chris outlined, we got some tough comps in the first quarter, the first half, got inflation rolling over. We have price rolling over, but we also have some tough compares against price. But we will have a choppy supply chain at least through the first half of the year. We see some light at the -- through the clouds there as we head into the second half of the year.
Dave Regnery: Yes, Emily. We said early last year that we thought revenue would be in the 1 to 2 tailwind from IAQ. It's actually -- it will be a little bit north of 2 actually. So the year ended up very well for our indoor air quality solutions. And remember, indoor air quality is not new to Trane Technologies. We've been in it for quite some time. But we have launched several new initiatives there, especially on the audit side and what we call day-one, day-two. We're going to continue to see tailwinds from indoor air quality. I wouldn't expect 2% to compound every year. But we do expect to see nice tailwinds for indoor air quality and we're seeing our backlog continues to grow. I would tell you that it's probably harder to count, because these indoor air quality solutions are becoming embedded into our equipment. So, think of it as like a unit controller in a unitary piece of equipment, right? Indoor air quality is just becoming part of the systems. But with that said, we continue to push the envelope there. We've got some great innovation in the pipeline. Really cool things we're doing with our transit bus business in Thermo King. And we're still making a lot of traction with dry hydrogen peroxide as well as some of our photocatalytic solutions.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I don't know if I can get that specific, but I would tell you that we have a dedicated tiger team that works on this, so we know where -- how the funding is flowing. And there's a lot of restrictions as you dig into the detail and you may know this, you may not, but some of the stimulus funds have to be going to the education side versus the infrastructure side. But we're working with our customers. We're helping them navigate that -- those dynamics that exist there. And absolutely, we are seeing the funding going all the way through to the local school districts and -- we're there with our customers on day one, helping them on what they could do, day two, actually helping them deploy capital on what they should be doing over the long term.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, it's certainly going to be the case within our Thermo King business, okay? If you think about it, I mean, our bookings rate last year was twice our order rate, right? So bookings up over 70%, that's not going to continue. And that will -- we have a very strong backlog there, John, so that will burn during the year. So don't be surprised, if you see a quarter or two of negative bookings within Thermo King. But you really need to combine incoming order rates with backlog and really be looking out what the output is to revenue.
Dave Regnery: And we'll have tough comps in resi too, okay, just so you're aware. Just on the backlog, I just want to make sure, everyone is clear. Our backlog will be $5.4 billion it was at the end of the year. If you look at that as a percentage of our midpoint revenue guide, it's like 35%. And in a normal year, your backlog would be like 20%. So I mean, we have a very, very, very strong backlog for the year.
Dave Regnery: Yes. I mean, our M&A pipeline is robust and we look at a lot of opportunities, as you would imagine, being a major HVAC player in the industry. So we always have a full pipeline that we evaluate.
Dave Regnery: That's a great question. I would tell you that, that's a great question, and I would tell you that it's very, very early innings there. But obviously, there's a lot of questions. We're getting calls from customers and asking how we could help them decarbonize their built environment. And one of the things we did, Gautam, that was maybe a little bit different than some is, we actually went out and practiced on ourselves first. So part of our commitments is to reduce our own greenhouse gas. So we're implementing best practices in many of our facilities as well so that we could take customers there and show them what we've done. But you're certainly on to the decarbonization-as-a-service type environment that is getting some traction. I would tell you its very early innings but it's getting traction.
Dave Regnery: Yes. It's a fair question. I think we'll be able to write that chapter probably in the coming years here. But I would tell you that whenever we've had products and services that have high efficiency, the complex problems to solve for our customers, we tend to do very well.
Dave Regnery: Obviously, the backlog will churn and it will be within the year, for sure, but not in the first quarter.
Dave Regnery: Yeah, yeah. Electronic components is still the biggest concern we have. There have been some areas of supply chain that have improved, as I said earlier, but electronic components has got still -- we still have some significant choppiness there.
Dave Regnery: This is Dave. I was out at one of our factories in the Midwest, and they were showing me examples where they literally had four old pieces of equipment and they took them out of service. These were old pieces of equipment that the old – our prior mindset would have been the asset's fully depreciated. I only run it 40% of the time. I don't need the space. We take those out, we put in a new piece of equipment dramatically reduce the energy load in the facility. In many cases, you're able to increase throughput with the newer machine with newer technology. And it's just a great program that they're working through as are many of our factories around the world. So it's sort of what we're talking about all the time is don't wait for new – you don't need to wait for new technology. Deploy what's available today and you're going to get significant benefit. And it's the same – what we say is what we do.
