Thomas Joseph Wilson: Josh, thanks for the question. This is Tom. I'll start and then Matt can talk about the things we're doing to make sure we grow all of our businesses. But first, if you go back to slide 3, it's really about creating shareholder value and improving our long-term strategic position at the same time. So, both today and tomorrow, right? And so, remember, the left-hand side of that, those are the low unit growth markets like auto and home insurance. And our strategy there is to really match value and price. So we have, of course, our trusted advisor initiatives. We're doing the Allstate agencies, Esurance's, raising customer satisfaction and doing more stuff online, more electronically. And in those businesses, once you get done matching value and price, you just have to make sure you're looking at both share of market and share of profits. We manage both of those. We're not interested in taking share and losing money nor are we interested in not having many customers and making a high return. So it's a share of both market and profits. When you look around the higher growth markets like Allstate Benefits, we've had a 9% compound annual growth rate in the business for 17 years running. And we get mid-teens returns in that business. So we, obviously, try to grow quite rapidly there. In the newer emerging markets, things like Arity, our new Roadside model, our SquareTrade, it's really about building a stronger strategic position, which includes both growth and building out our skill and capabilities. Matt, maybe you want to talk specifically about, Josh – and, Josh, I think you're talking about auto insurance.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: It's a little confusing. I understand what you're saying. It doesn't sound like a normal combined ratio. Over time, it will start to look more like a normal combined ratio. But as Don pointed out, we, of course, see most of the underwriting risk in a quarter actually to a third-party. We're working on bringing that back in-house. So we will actually and want to underwrite the risk. It will add to our return on capital and add to our profitability.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Greg, if you remember, Matt I think mentioned it last time. When we do our claim reserves, we count frequency, we look at how many claims we have, we look at what type of claims. Some people do their reserves based on a targeted loss ratio. They say this book of business we're going to get a 70% and they book to 70% until such time as they see something differently. We do it from the ground-up that gives us a slightly different pattern the way we do it.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Sarah, thank you for the comment. On the guidance, one quarter does not a year make. We've made this – that number every year since I started doing it, I don't know, 10 or 11 years ago. We do it so we're going to be in the range. We still think 87 to 89 is good. Matt mentioned that we had pretty good frequency in January and February. We don't expect January and February frequency results to be reflected throughout the entire year. So, we're still comfortable with 87 to 89.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: That kind of variance analysis is almost impossible to do because it, of course, varies by geography, by time of day, and trying to get the weather analysis down to be that specific. That said, if you look at our results and you compare them to the only other real public competitor where you can see monthly results, if you look at Progressive's monthly results, they were down in the 3% to 4% of frequency in January and February and then about a third of that down in March. Our overall results underlying combined ratio was 2 or 3 points better than theirs in total, but our trend looks similar to theirs.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, I think that it's sort of like middlings of (36:22) Josh's and Greg's question. Maybe take Matt's comments, put a – do a little competitive comparison to it to help (36:31). I think the answer is yes, we think we're positioned to start to grow again, but it takes a while. , Matt mentioned this is – our proprietary channel is, as Josh pointed out, is most of the business and it's a really powerful channel, man. When you want to get something done, whether that's change your risk profile, get margin initiatives going, you can move that channel because you're in effect completely aligned with them in terms of your business objectives. And that also includes growth. That said, there's somewhat of a lagging growth because, as Matt talked about, that business, it works as a combined system as opposed to – this is where I can maybe help you see the comparison. If you're an independent agency company, the flow coming through those independent agencies as new business is pretty much the same. Who gets it? It's different. So, if an agency is writing 100 units a month and you've got 20% of them and you decide you're getting 20 a month and then you decide you want less, you get 10. If six months later you decide you want to go back to getting 20%, you can get 20 again. That said, it's a jump hole and you got to fight for that business on largely a price basis. In our system, it takes a little longer to get going and drive their growth up than an independent agency channel. But it's much more sustainable. And you can build a stronger economic value proposition with longer lifetime values.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: So, if your question is about the Allstate brand, we can do that. But we, obviously, have distribution through benefit brokers with Allstate Benefits. We do most major retailers now with SquareTrade. We have lots – made (43:26) thousands of other distribution points, whether it be auto dealers, third-party arrangements we have with telcos and auto companies on Roadside. But – so I – zooming in on Allstate. And Matt can talk about that if that's okay.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Elyse, there's a lot in there. I mean, maybe a little – overall, we think as the competitors who we follow publicly and then we, of course, follow all the mutuals in terms of their filings and their reciprocals, are increasing their prices, well, some of them quite rapidly. We think that will lead to increased shopping behavior. And Matt can talk about how we're capturing that through both new business and what that also does and then where we are in the pricing cycle, what that does for us on retention.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Elyse, one other factor is, Matt was talking about our second objective, make sure we achieve the target return on economic capital. Our first corporate objective is better serve our customers. We measure that by Net Promoter Score. And the Net Promoter Score was up in the first quarter. So, just as we overachieved our combined ratio goal for the first quarter, we feel like we overachieved on our Net Promoter Score, which leads to exactly what Matt's talking about, point of retention to point of growth.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: It's really hard to project what frequency is going to do from here. What we do is just when we see it, we react. I think the point Matt made, which is we're not behind the curve now. We're at where we need to be. So, if things happen, we can adjust in there. You have to do it a little more aggressively if it moves quickly. So, if it was to move like it did in 2015, we might have to go right back to what we did again. If it is more normal and less out of pattern, then the impact on our business would be substantially less than it has been in the last two years.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: If you're thinking longer term, right, so there's always this question about with machine-to-machine communication, smart cards, antilock brakes, all the safety stuff, there will probably be fewer accidents in the future. We, of course, didn't see that in the last couple of years. And that you could make the same argument about fewer bodily injury accidents or bodily injuries because of airbags and safety equipment. But we haven't seen any big break there. So there's nothing changing from a long-term standpoint. What Matt is referring to is just the way we count.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah, I will. So, if you go back to page 3, what you referred to is really the left hand side of the page where we know how to both moderate our market share and our profit share quite effectively. When you start to walk around the top, the life and retirement piece off the top, we get good low teens return on life business, it works well with our agencies, it broadens us, so that's a value-adder. Allstate Benefits, I mentioned, gets mid-teens and is growing quite rapidly. Allstate Annuities is a detractor, as you point out. We'd stop writing that business. In addition, we took an action which hurts ROE but helps long-term shareholder value, but we did it on purpose. And that is so we have some long-dated payout annuities, about $12 billion of them. And really, that's like a pension fund. And so you should be more invested in equity life securities. The capital charges associated with that are substantially higher than it would be by having fixed income, even though economically it is absolutely the right thing to do. So we decided to take the ROE hit and increase shareholder value. When you look at our actuarial stuff, assuming it all pans out, that was a good move. So that one, the Allstate Annuities, is a drag on it. When you look at Roadside, we have a new fulfillment model. We get about 5 million claims a year. We've improved the average time of arrival by about 30% with our new fulfillment model. And it is about $400 million business in revenues. If you were to put that business outside the company, it would have higher value. I believe people would look at it and think it's a fabulous business. You might say, well, why don't you get rid of it? Because it's really linked to Arity, which is down below, which is our connected car business. And that's a place where we're building a strategic platform so that we can leverage our position on the left-hand side with our customers to really both improve their business with Arity, do better pricing, give more effective Roadside Service, but also maybe offer that to other people. Dealer Services is a business whose profit has gone down. It's a relatively small piece. And then SquareTrade, of course, we bought and we said it is dilutive, but we think broadening our product portfolio to include computers and TVs and cell phones makes a lot of sense to us and the broader distribution through all the major retailers offers lots of growth potential. So it's about balancing overall growth and we try to do that both with individual things. We hold each of them through their own individual standards. So, Don said we backed up on Encompass – on Esurance. We're going to keep growing Esurance, but we decided it has to be economically viable. We apply that same logic to all the businesses, but with the goal of making sure we build a broad-based strategic platform that can weather all kinds of changes.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Okay. Well, looking forward, we're going to stay as focused on those five operating priorities for 2017, make sure we're balancing the short term and the long term in a way that enables us to create value for our customers, our shareholders, and all of our stakeholders. So, thank you. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Matthew E. Winter: Yeah. Hey, Josh, it's Matt. Thanks for the question. I think one of the core fundamental assumptions you have to have is that despite the fact that we have a four-square, I would not describe the four-square quite the way you implied in your question. It's not really pure trade-offs. It's not as if in the lower left, the Allstate brand is not providing technology support for online lead generation or self-service capabilities. It's really our goal in the Allstate brand is to provide many, if not all, of the same tools, capabilities and points of convenience that are available for the lower right quadrants or the upper left quadrant, plus the local advice and service of an Allstate agency owner. So I don't think of it as us naturally limiting ourselves to a sub-segment. We're certainly focused there, because that's where we believe we're focused in the Allstate brand on those people with a bias towards a branded product and local advice and service. But we don't ask them to give up things. We don't ask them to give up the capability for using technology or self-service capabilities. So we believe our growth prospects are quite strong because we believe we're offering something few, if any, are able to do. We're offering quality products at a fair price, good value features and the special expertise of local trusted advisors in the community.
Matthew E. Winter: Hey, Greg, it's Matt. Thanks for your question. So, this is what we spend the vast majority of our time doing, which is trying to ensure that we're walking that fine balance between profitability and long-term growth potential to maximize shareholder value in the long term. And I don't believe that we are placing ourselves at a competitive disadvantage. I think we got out in front of the frequency spike. We reacted quickly. We reacted strongly. And we, in my opinion, have put it, for the most part, behind us. There's, of course, a few geographical exceptions to that. But as a general matter, we believe we've essentially caught up and we are now able to react to and price to emerging trends in frequency and severity as they appear. And we feel very good about that position. We do not believe we overshot the target. We benefited in this quarter from significantly better weather and frequency results in January and February than I think is either sustainable or that was expected. We saw March return to something much more like fourth quarter of 2016. And so, we believe that we are positioned very well. It's all a question now – when you have a complex decentralized entrepreneurial system as we do, it's now a question of building momentum again for growth within that system. And because it's a complex system, there's a time lag. There's a time lag both ways. But once that momentum gets built, it's a very powerful flywheel. And that's really built through agent confidence in their investment, since it's an entrepreneurial system. And in large part, it's not just the result of how much we invest in marketing and lead generation; it's whether or not the agencies and the agency owners are investing and whether they're adding staff, whether they're putting money in local marketing funds and lead generation. And as they see our competitive position improving, as they see shopping behavior triggered by competitor rate actions, and as they see our rate taking stabilize and moderate, they're in a much stronger position to invest and for us to begin the momentum on the growth side.
Matthew E. Winter: It's Matt. I'll start with Encompass and then I'll pass it over to Don for some comments on Esurance. I'd tell you it's similar, although it's delayed. So, first of all, within the Encompass system, we are a smaller system than the Allstate branded system. As a result, it doesn't have the benefits – the same benefits of scale as the Allstate system. It's more volatile, it's more subject to odd outsized results, both negative and positive, depending upon weather fluctuations and cats. But it also has a 12-month policy, which delays the earn-in rate and the effectiveness of some of the rate actions. So, while I think we started the response to the frequency spike at a similar time within the Encompass channel, it will take longer before they emerge the way that the Allstate brand has emerged. That's not to say we don't see improvement already in certain geographies. It's going through quite nicely. We do have the advantage there, as Tom just talked about, that's an independent agency system. So when we decide to retract or retrench in a state, we can do it pretty quickly. And when we are in a profit challenged state, we can decide to pull back and impact the results fairly significantly and fairly quickly, which we're not able to do quite the same way in an Allstate proprietary channel. So the takeaway is you will see the same dynamics, but there'll be a little more volatility in the Encompass side and it will take about 12 to 18 months longer than it has on the Allstate side. And now I'll pass it over to Don to talk a little bit about Esurance.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. Paul, it's Matt. Well, as you know, we've disclosed in the investor supplement some of the agency data, they're Allstate agencies and licensed sales professionals and Allstate independent agencies. So I'll refer you to page 14 of the investor supp for that data. But let me just give you some color on it. One of the most difficult things to do during a time that you're taking a lot of rate to catch up to a frequency or severity spike is to add new agency owners because they depend exclusively on their ability to put on new business. They don't have an in-force (44:33) to rely on. And as a result, during that period of time from late 2014 through 2015 and the beginning of 2016, it was exceptionally difficult for us to maintain what has been our historical pattern of adding agency owners each and every year, each of them adding licensed sales professionals and also growing exclusive financial specialists to partner with them. And so during that period of time that we were focused on rate, the ability to add the newer agencies was diminished. And so what we focused on there was encouraging our existing agencies to add licensed sales professionals and to open up satellite agencies and branches. But it was difficult to start scratch agencies. What we've been able to do now is to reinvigorate that effort. And that is an effort that I would say is geographically focused, in that it is strategic deployment where we go through a fairly thorough and sophisticated analysis of market potential by geography in order to decide where to place them. But it's so dispersed, I can't tell you it's concentrated in one particular area, other than to say that we try to go where we haven't been before. And so there are vast areas of the United States and even within our existing states areas where we've historically not had Allstate agencies that we are intentionally putting on those Allstate agencies. We've also changed our deployment plans. So new agency owners coming into the system are coming in with three licensed sales professionals as opposed to our historical pattern of one or two. And so, as they come on, they're able to get up to speed faster, they're able to have an impact faster, and we believe they'll be more sustainable. So, it's a fairly significant effort. It is focused on all three prongs: exclusive agents, licensed sales professionals, and exclusive financial specialists. We have a couple of efforts within that to focus on veterans. We have a veterans licensed sales professional hiring initiative where we're partnering with several agencies within Department of Defense in order to provide job opportunities to returning veterans from Iraq and Afghanistan. And we're quite pleased with that, not only because we think it's the right thing to do, but we're adding quality, already licensed sales professionals to our agency force. So, the distribution focus and points of presence focus is an ongoing effort. As we've mentioned, it's a system. It takes a while to get that going. The classes take a while before they're up and running and before they'll have an impact. But we had a great first class in the first quarter, a fairly significant sized group. And the pipeline looks exceptional. We're putting in greater effort on recruiting. We have more assistance from the corporation in recruiting. The human resource area is helping provide it. We're using data analysis and decision sciences to help us recruit and select better. So it's a full-fledged, full force effort on the part of the corporation to improve points of presence.
Matthew E. Winter: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Elyse. It's an important issue. I also, though, I want to point out at the outset that for the most part, a lot of our conversations so far this morning on growth has been related to new business. But in fact, the biggest lever we have in total item growth is retention improvement. And when you look back to the timeframe that we were really growing a couple of years ago, retention was about 1 to 1.5 points higher than current levels. And that's very powerful thing at our retention levels and with our size of the in force. So while we've talked a lot about points of presence and lead generation and increased investments in growth on the new business side, I don't want to discount the fact that really one of the most crucial leverage we have is on the retention side where we have a lot of energy and effort to improve the retention, especially first retention in our book, we have a whole new onboarding process. We have a whole lot of work being done, again, with data analytics and emerging technologies to change the onboarding and the initial experience with our new customers to ensure that their initial experience is as strong as possible. And we think that now that we're moderating our rate, we are going to trigger less shopping behavior on our customers and improve retention. At the same time, many of our competitors are still taking fairly outsized levels of rate and triggering shopping behavior on theirs. So, to the extent they're taking higher rate levels than we are, we're moderating ours, we believe that we'll be able to benefit from that and capture some of those customers. The balance with our profitability, we feel, as I've said, really good about it. We believe that our approach to the business, and you can look back over the years; we have a tremendously strong profitability muscle. It's a natural muscle of this organization. If you know the movie The Blind Side, our natural reaction is protect profitability and we do that innately and intensely. That being said, we're excited about our growth possibilities with those newly restored margins. And the final comment I'd make is, remember that this is geography-by-geography and we approach it on a micro basis. So, some of the things I'm talking about are general comments. When you go state-by-state and sub-geography-by-sub-geography, there will be different dynamics. In some areas, we're way ahead of the game and our profitability is fully restored and we have the foot on the gas completely. There are other geographies where we still have a little more work to do and we will maintain our margin discipline before putting the foot on the gas on growth.
Matthew E. Winter: Yeah. Hi. It's Matt. I think if you look at PD, paid frequency and severity trends, you get a little bit of an insight into overall trends in the business. I remind you that one of the problems with looking at the BI chart on the lower right is that's paid frequency and paid severity, which is a little more volatile. So, it's influenced a little bit more by the mix. You could have one large loss in there that throws it off. So it's not mathematical. You can't just take 25.1% and minus the 20.5% and come up with the answer. You have to do it on a longer-term basis. I'll go back to something that Steve said and that Tom referenced. We feel comfortable that our BI trends, our incurred severity trends are where they should be, based upon medical inflation and all the work we're doing to manage claims cost. We are laser-focused on it, as we should be, to pay the right amount, a fair amount and the amount that the customer or the injured party deserves, but not more and not less. And so, the process enhancements are working. We feel good about them. As Tom mentioned, reserving is not impacted because we take into account in the reserving exercise all of these process changes and operational changes and incurred trends and pay trends. And so, I don't want you to think that the distortion caused by some of our operational excellence things influence our reserving trends. They don't. We're well aware of those and at the time we do the reserving, that's all factored in.
Matthew E. Winter: Yeah. Jay, it's Matt. Well, we don't like a 9.8% combined ratio impact, but it could have been a lot worse. We spent a tremendous amount of time working on PML optimization, PML, probable maximum loss work, and risk concentration work to try to spread out and diversify our risk. We use our economic capital model in a fairly sophisticated manner to ensure we are earning appropriate returns based upon the risk in those specific geographies so that when something like this happens, we feel okay about it and we can focus where we should be focused, which is on serving our customers and helping restore them back to normal. I would point out, unfortunately, in an organization like Encompass, which doesn't have the scale benefits and as a result, the diversification benefits, that hailstorm and the catastrophe in March had a greater impact on – proportional impact on Encompass than it did on Allstate brand despite the fact that we've done great work there over the last several years to reduce the risk concentration. But nevertheless, when you have a smaller business like that, it's just not as diversified, which is why we have a two-part program going on right now in Encompass, which is to retrench from those states in which we're not earning an appropriate return and grow in other states where we believe that we can earn an appropriate return and, therefore, diversify our risk. Within the Allstate brand, we do, as I say, lots of offsetting work and offsetting trades. It's interesting that you can add some homes on Long Island and therefore be able to grow a little bit in Harris County. You're seen announcements that we're doing limited selective homeowners writing again in California and Florida, and that's because our diversification work and PML work has been successful and we feel that those additional added items will actually be helpful to our diversification and not pose undue risk.
