Thomas J. Wilson: Yes. First, thank you. We feel like we've made a lot of progress. Matt can talk about the underlying combined ratio.
Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, let me build on Steve's answer there. So we're 40% of the way done in 20% at the time. So there should be no confusion as to our commitment to do this aggressively. I think, what you do see is the way the numbers get accounted that makes it look like we're not active in the market. We're active in the market and we're aggressively buying back as much as we think is prudent, given the flow.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, let me make a comment about general corporate expenses. And then, Don can address Allstate Financial. So we've always been about reducing expenses, whether that be the benefit plan changes we talked about last year, which reduced expenses and you see ran through the P&L, or just our normal continuous improvement simplification. The benefit we now have is by growing revenues, you'll see more of that flow through the bottom line. So in the past, when revenues and PIF counts were going down, it's hard to get ahead of that in terms of your expense ratio. So what you should begin to see is our growth rate a little more incremental margin for us. And Don can talk specifically about Allstate Financial because he's doing a great job of getting ahead of the downsides in there.
Thomas J. Wilson: And Bob, I'd just add 1 other point, as part of corporate overhead, I prefer to call it corporate value add.
Thomas J. Wilson: I'll let Matt answer it for ff course, our biggest business, which is the Allstate agency piece. I would just point out, as it relates to Esurance, the expense ratio is dependent on how aggressively we want to grow the business and how much advertising we're doing.
Thomas J. Wilson: Let me start with the last part, and Matt can give you the specifics on the Allstate Agency piece. So our overall plan to increase share of the business is really focused on having unique customer value propositions for each segment. And so Matt has a unique customer value proposition that for those people who want local advice and a branded product, he can talk about the things he's doing to make that resonate, which includes many of the things you mentioned. At the same time, we look at both share of revenue and policies, as well as share of profits. So as you know, the overall industry return in the property casualty business, broadly defined, including commercial and personal lines, is about 7%. We'd like to continue to maintain our attractive returns and have a greater share of that than we do the top line, we believe we can grow both with our differentiated proposition and Matt will talk about specifically what he's doing. And he is -- that business is building momentum, I feel good -- the flywheel is turning on that one.
Thomas J. Wilson: It's a good question. I would say that the connected car space is developing rapidly. We're right in the middle of it and it's hard to determine exactly where it will come out. But I can give you the 3 components that we're working on. So first and most importantly, being able to be connected with our customers helps us get more accurate pricing on their behalf. And as we've talked about in the past, we're making estimates as to what an individual customer should have. We've been very good at that, and that's given us a competitive advantage. You can see that in the homeowner results that Matt was talking about. Knowing how a specific person drives gives us the ability to do an even better job, and we can provide them a 10% to 30% discount if in fact they connect with us. And it's every bit as powerful as credit, so we're actively and aggressively working to expand that portion of our business. Secondly, we're working to improve the driving experience. So we have a number of features that we're developing, which improves somebody's driving experience which takes their relationship with us essentially beyond auto insurance. We don't know where that will exactly come out yet, we're investing aggressively. And to Bob Glasspiegel's point, and what Matt said, was look, we invest where we want to invest, and we cut cost where we think it's not really adding customer value. In that component of our telematics offering, we're investing aggressively in trying to decide what are the number of alternatives. We've launched some new features last quarter on teen driving and we'll continue to roll out new features to better the driving experience. The last component of our offering is how do we best utilize and monetize some of the data that will be created from that connection on behalf of our customers. And we're collecting billions of miles of traffic data and all kinds of other data, how cars work, what they work, what they're like in different weather condition. And that is the most nascent of our efforts. It's not an area where we have a traditional source of expertise in monetizing data. I was very good in using data. And we make a lot of money by monetizing on behalf of our shareholders, how we help other people use that data and how we capture that revenue source on behalf of the company is yet to be determined. So it is both more accurate pricing, better experience which lead in part to retention. But we also think mainly to other revenue streams and then just solely new revenue streams. So it's really all 3 of those components.
Thomas J. Wilson: Sure, Michael. First, we, of course, as you point out, we give an operating range of a couple of points for the year, at the beginning of the year, because we want you all to have some confidence that this is where we think the business will come out. And this year, we picked 87 to 89 which was a point lower than the range we had last year, which was reflective of our team -- here is confidence in the -- in all the metrics you just talked about. So for the first 6 months, I would point out, you're right, we're slightly below that in terms of the underlying combined ratio over towards the lower end. But as you also know, frequency can bounce around a good point in any period of time. So we don't feel any need to change that range. We don't do it to try to help people get -- do operating EPS calculation. We do it to give you a sense to how good we feel about the business. We still feel good about the business. We think 87 to 89 generates really attractive returns and we can grow in that range. So we don't have any plans to change it at this point. What I would take the opportunity to do is sales message, we saw all the things you talked about, that means evaluation should be a much higher multiple of both.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yes, I think, I would make 2 comments. One, it's a little early to figure out where exactly the industry is because people are just reporting now and it takes us a while to get the information. Secondly, we do obviously look externally at how our results compare to everybody else. But we break it down. We look in total, but we're really more concerned about what happens locally. So this is a local business. We underwrite price, do our agencies, everything is local. And so we would really look and say, well, how are we doing it in Colorado relative to other people in Colorado on all fronts. That would be not just in catastrophes, it would be BI, it would be physical damage. And we have a number of tools we use to do that. Obviously, starting with pricing, but going all the way through to claims or some industry databases we use on claims. And I think, the summary, I would say, of all that is the machine that we have in place, which is a set of business processes, disciplines, rewards, recognition, analytics, they help us maintain our profitability. And the zones we talked about is working, we think it's working well. We see Matt's team is adjusting where they need to adjust and that has obviously been through for a long time on auto insurance. You're now seeing that same discipline and set of practices being applied to the homeowner's business. And so we feel good about where we're at relative to the industry.
Thomas J. Wilson: I'll let Don talk about the specifics that they're doing at Esurance. I would tell you though, from a capital allocation standpoint, the conversations that Steve and I, and Don and I have about that business are it should grow as fast as they can, assuming we are earning above our cost of capital on the business that we write. If we're not getting the right return on it, then we're not interested in growing. The returns on the business we write are well above our cost of capital, slightly below what we would make in a large existing business like Allstate, which has a huge legacy book associated with generating a lot of profitability. But it's got to be profitable what we do.
Thomas J. Wilson: So all of that stuff is underneath that story. So when we're -- I would encourage you to think about it, we have to look at these charts and show you price, but price is not the only tool we have to manage profitability. Matt was talking about that system. It has all of those tools available to it. And the strength of our execution is in being able to have a leadership that knows how to manage that well.
Thomas J. Wilson: Okay. Thank you all. I know there's number of calls today. So I'll close it off where we began. This quarter's results show the benefits of both having a focused strategy and solid execution. The net is growth at attractive returns. Thank you very much, we'll talk to you next quarter.
Matthew E. Winter: Jay, there was nothing out of the ordinary this quarter from an underlying standpoint. As you know, we just had -- we had a lot of rate earning in, we had a fairly careful management of claims continuing and we had an underwriting expense ratio that was down. And as a result, all of the discipline that's been put into the business over the past many years is just starting to show through. Frequency improved, trends were broad-based, paid severity was pretty much in line on the BI side. On the PD, actually, we had some claims that shifted over from first quarter to second quarter because of such a high claim volume in the first quarter. So some third-party subro demands came in, in the second quarter. And so that just changed quarter-over-quarter a little bit on the PD side. But overall, there was nothing extraordinary there, nothing out of the ordinary. And we think it's just a continuation of the hard work that's been put into the business.
Matthew E. Winter: Bob, it's Matt. Thanks for your question. We're looking -- we try to manage both components. I wouldn't say that we're trying to use 1 lever over the other lever. I think, we have to be conscious of and monitor and manage both the loss cause and the expense side of the house. As Tom mentioned, now that we're in growth mode, it gives us the flexibility of making some investments for the long term. It gives us the ability to leverage our scale and efficiency. It gives us the ability to do some things, some of the work we're doing now in continuous improvement to really go through some of our processes, really make sure they're as efficient, effective and customer-focused as possible. That will help us leverage our scale and size that will help us be more efficient. And so my expectation and the team's expectation is that we will be diligent on both components of the combined ratio and not look to just use 1 lever versus the other.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes, Kai, it's Matt. Well, I'm looking at that, I looked at those same 2 charts on 7, and I look at it as kind of reverting more towards the norm. I don't see it as that much of a directional change. I think, we had an aberration on the auto side for a couple of quarters. It looks like it's stabilized where it should be and where it has been historically and the same on homeowners. So we feel very good about the underlying margin trends in both of those businesses. As we've been saying historically, we manage this very disciplined. We keep on top of loss cost and we keep on top of expense cost and we manage it on a micro basis for the benefit of the overall system. So we manage those in each geography and each micro-geography and the result of that is a systemic result that looks the way you see on these charts with positive long-term trends. From the overall economy, if you look at our current severity, we haven't seen that much of an impact from the inflationary trends. Obviously, there's some. But really, it's been relatively mild and relatively benign. Most of the severity fluctuations that we've seen have been the result of age of closures, geographic mix, policy limit shifts and things like I discussed earlier about just backlog of third-party subro demands and things like that. So, so far, the trends have been relatively benign. That being said, it's 1 of the reasons that we have to stay on top of taking rate, it's 1 of the reasons we thought it's so important to point out that we have continued to take rate on the Auto side even though it was masked a little bit by the Ontario rate decrease. We believe it's essential that we take rate as needed on a moderate basis consistently across the business. It's less disruptive to customers, it's less disruptive to the agency force, it improves retention and it allows us to stay ahead of any inflationary trends that might occur.
