Tom Wilson: Good morning, Jay. First, we don’t take the midpoint as the specific target we’re shooting for. We just say we can be in that range. And so as you know, it varies. When we do it, we obviously look at our current results, which you mentioned. We’re also looking at that feature additional investments we’re making. As you know, frequency and severity can vary by a couple of percent each every year. If you just look at this year, what happen with our frequency declining or what happened in 2015 on the flip side of that. So we think this is very attractive return on capital at these levels and the best way to do is to continue to grow shareholder value to grow the top line.
Tom Wilson: First, thank you for asking the question. It’s a good question that came up in many of your analyst reports. The headline, of course, is said, we don’t expect any material impact on profitability returns on a competitive position. But let me give you some context below that. Obviously, some states have more restrictive pricing regulations. And obviously, we have to fully meet their requirements. And pricing in those cases would be impacted by lower tax rate. But that’s the not the complete picture, right? So the biggest component of pricing is fixed component there is loss costs., and they are not impacted by the tax rate at all. And if we just look around the industry in auto insurance, for example, you’re talking 70% to 75% of premiums are in that category. And you have about another 20% to 30%, depending on the company, that shows up in expenses. And those are also are impacted by the tax rate.
Tom Wilson: I can’t speak – I looked at CFA’s letter, I couldn’t get to their math. Maybe they have a different way to do it. But I can just tell you that when you’re on, if you think of auto insurance and let’s just assume you have a 5% underwriting margin, it’s a little hard to turn that into 5% reduction in premiums.
Tom Wilson: Sarah, thank you for the comment on it. Yes, 13% is a good number. It should be in the low teens. You can decide where in the low teens that will be. Obviously, it varies by year and by about two of it, but I think as you point out an important fact, which is our homeowners business, the underwriting income was down about $400 million this year because of those high CATs, which was – we’ve only had three years in the last 10, we spent about $3 billion. And so that had a big negative impact. And while we benefited, of course, from last level of frequency in auto insurance in the prior reserve releases that was a cost we had to overcome. It may or may not be during the future. I think the fact is with this balance we have between auto, home, investments, our life businesses and the other business we are starting, it should create overall, profitable growth and give us a good ROEs.
Tom Wilson: Well – first, there’s not really any specific number, right? Because you’re talking about a system where there’s all kinds of different components. So it’s not like it just goes through. Think of taxes as expenses if you want to think about it that way. And Matt talked about how we have were cutting expenses in some areas to invest in other things like marketing and distribution. Just think of this as another expense reduction. And that’s so some of it we can invest in marketing, some of it we can invest in margin. It really just depends. We’re trying to toggle between maximizing shareholder value between profit and growth. And clearly, we think that the best way to drive shareholder value in 2018 is by growing because we like where our returns are. So to accept some of it came through to the bottom line, that will be good for shareholders. We feel confident about our results, which is why we increased the dividend by 24%. I was actually kind of disappointed that none of the early stuff will regrow back to 24%. I’m like, "Hey, what happened to the dividend?" But – so we feel good about the business and the returns that will generate.
Tom Wilson: Let me just make a quick comment about the frequency. So remember, in 2016, frequency jumped way up. We were all surprised. We got on it early, and we went to written prices. Previously came way down in 2017. So we haven’t forgotten about that volatility when we’re doing our estimates.
Tom Wilson: Well, first, let’s make sure we get everyone there. So if there’s still questions out here, we feel very comfortable we can be in the 86% to 88%. We’ve picked a range that we feel is reasonable, one that we can live with then. We don’t necessarily pick it just by the midpoint. So that’s where want to be. We just said we want to be in that range. If you look at frequency last year, it was down 4% to 5%, depending on where you want to look at it. If you look at where were in 2015, you can get the same part of that. And so that translates directly almost – percentage into – it’s probably about – I guess, it’s – about 75% of it shows up in the combined ratio. So you can get year-to-year swing on frequency. Just bad weather, people getting more actions, the whole with an increased miles driven, the new cell phones, what was in 2015, we know that they happened everywhere around the country. We know other people were impacted by it as well. And so I don’t think anybody can really do attribution on exactly why it happened. So I would just say that it’s normal volatility in there. But I think the broader message is we feel really good about where our profitability is right now, and we think the right way to drive shareholder value is through growth. And we think – so you won’t see as many price increases that’s come up next year because at these kind of margins, it’s a very high return on required capital for us. And we can drive a lot of shareholder value by growing our business here. You’re starting to see that in the – particularly in the Allstate brand in auto insurance in the fourth quarter, which we started earlier in the year. So you’re now starting to see that come through. It hasn’t turned into year-over-year growth, but I believe we’re headed in that direction if we can keep retention where it is, we keep driving new business. So this is about shareholder value. I think if you just want to get focused on profitability and not think about growth and shareholder value, then I would say probably the better place to go is to look at the trade-out between auto and homeowners insurance. And as I said, auto insurance profitability was up this year. If you’re worried about that, look at homeowner profitability. When you add in CAT, then you get the total profitability. We use underlying combined ratio just to give you a sense for how well do we think the business is running. It is typically a two point range. Sometimes, with one year or two years, we move to a three-point range because the market was a little more volatile, and we weren’t sure how many price increases we can get. But two points is the range we think we can live with then.
Tom Wilson: I understand what you’re saying. So first, it’s just that we operate in 50 states, and each of those states has its own regulatory environment. There was a good report done, I think, earlier this week or last week on which states are in which category. And so some are very restrictive and really look tough, hardheaded. Others, it’s sort of an open market and you go to compete. In those ones that are very restrictive, you have indications of rates. And sometimes, you file for the whole indication. Sometimes, you get less than that because you’re in a negotiation with the regulator as to what to do. So I would say, you’re correct, and that it is a – it’s more complex than, "Oh, I’m going to take your underwriting margin." Time has changed in tax rate and say, "That’s what happens to your premium." Much more complex than that. It’s what we want to take, what the competitive situation is, where the regulatory environment is, where loss costs are, what trends are. It’s a complicated little piece. We have 300 different companies and state combinations. And the bottom line is, we feel okay about where we’re at. We think, with this tax law, it gives us an opportunity to invest in growth. We think that’s really good for our shareholders. And so we’re excited about this, not concerned about it.
Tom Wilson: Well, we don’t break – we don’t disclose customer acquisition cost per policy. We obviously track it and use it. I mean, we just talk about marketing expenses. So in the fourth quarter expenses were up a little bit in part because of the foundation and the agency Matt talked about and it’s probably even if you across the agency comp pressed here is probably about 7.0 point, something like that. And so we wouldn’t expect that to continue at that level. That said, we are going to increase marketing in 2018 when we reposition our brand. I feel like our advertising needs to be refreshed a little bit. And so we’re working on that for both the Allstate and Esurance brands. When we do that, we will invest in more marketing. What I can tell you, Josh, is that it’s all economics. So we don’t spend money to drive to drive growth to lose money. We will accept a higher loss ratio on some new business until it ages out. So we can end up running a combined ratio loss business for our first year in both businesses, both Allstate and Esurance. But we don’t – it’s all economic. We’re all going to get quick returns on it. So the – I think the point on sort of where are you, we were down a lot in frequency in 2017. We’d like to think this is a new level, and that our pricing that we’ve put in place 2015 and 2016 which reflected higher frequency, was no longer necessary. And if that’s the case, we’re going to offer our customers a better deal. We can capture margin and we can grow which is our shareholder value. But the fact of the matter is, you don’t know.  And so I think the message we would like you to take away from 86% to 88% is that we feel good about the business. We feel good about the profitability of the business. We have good control over the profitability of the business to react to different things that happen in the marketplace. And the best thing to do is to keep profitability in that range and grow the business as opposed to drive the profitability lower. Obviously, you could – we could have an alternative plan, which will be to driver the underlying combined ratio down further. We do not think that’s the right way to interact shareholder value and the company. We think we’ve gotten ourselves through the dramatic increase in frequency in 2015 and 2016 and it’s time to grow again. So let me just close by, we had – we talked and believe this is great operating results. We’re positioned for growth. We have a 24% increase in the dividend and shareholders continue to get repurchased cash as well, which positions us in a positive light. And we have a bright future. So thanks very much. Have a great quarter.
Matt Winter: Hey Paul, it’s Matt Winter. Thanks for the question. Last quarter, before we even knew that about this, I talked about the five buckets of initiatives that we had within the Allstate brand to drive new business growth. And I’ll just remind you that, that included things like increasing distribution capacity. And that is points of presence, additional EAs, additional LSPs, especially in under-penetrated areas, and we will certainly be investing in additional distribution points of presence. Some of – growing distribution points of presence has always been a great way to stimulate growth in the business. It’s also expensive because they have enhanced compensation programs, and there’s cost of starting those agencies. But we believe now that, that investment is a great opportunity for us. So you should expect to see that distribution capacity increase. On the second area, I talked about was making distribution more productive and efficient through things like technology, data and analytics, improve lead generation and more sophisticated segmentation and we certainly believe we have opportunities to invest in all those areas. I would say specifically, in the technology and data analytics area, where we have made great strides. And we see a lot of opportunities for increasing fairly dramatically the productivity and efficiency of our agencies and their personnel their licensed sales professionals.
Matt Winter: Well, certainly, increased investments could show up in the expense ratio, assuming you’re not able to sell funding. But a lot of the work that we’re doing is increasing productivity and efficiency in a way that allows us actually to improve our expense ratio and then reinvest some of those savings in othertechniques to drive growth. So some of it will potentially show up in increased expenses, but not necessarily one for one in the expense ratio and don’t forget, expense ratio is just that. It’s a ratio. So the more we’re able to grow the denominator, the less pressure there is on the ratio itself. As far as the loss ratio, our expectation is that we made tremendous improvement over the last several years in our ability to manage loss costs both through very good improvements in the claims operations as well as in the more sophisticated underwriting techniques and segmented rates taking. We don’t expect anything that we’re doing to turn any of that negative. We expect to make continued improvements on the loss ratio side.
Matt Winter: Elyse, it’s Matt. Let me just add one thing. You made a comment about the deterioration in the margin that you saw in the fourth quarter. I would just encourage you to go back over the last however many years you’d like to, three, five, ten years. And I think what you’ll notice is that there is almost always historically an increase in the underlying loss ratio in the fourth quarter typically due to bad weather patterns that we see in fourth quarter and first quarter. And I think what you’ll find is that our actual performance this last quarter from both an underlying loss ratio and underlying combined ratio was actually quite good. So we don’t look at that as a deterioration in our underlying margin, we look at that as normal seasonality and volatility in that area. In the expense component you also referred to, you’ll also see that following really good years, you will see a spike-up in the expense ratio in the fourth quarter, and that’s typically due to our true-ups of our agent bonus plans and our employee incentive compensation plans. So that tends to be somewhat volatile. It’s not a deterioration in our expense efficiency in the business, it’s just reflecting a true-up in some things as a result of having a good year. So I would, if I were you, look at fourth quarter as a negative. In any way, we view it as a strong quarter with good strong fundamentals in both areas.
Matt Winter: Thanks Bob, it’s Matt. Well, we’ve had frequency surprise us when it’s been positive, had frequency surprise us when it’s been negative. The frequency improvement was due this year to a lot of the things that are external and some things that are internal. So externally, the industry has experienced a decline in frequency. And we look at it with the same level of rigor that we looked at it when it went up. So it’s consistent across risk segments. It’s consistent geographically across rating plans, across customer tenure and accident types. So both quality and tenure of the customers appears to not be driving that. But when we reacted to the frequency spike at the end of 2014, 2015 and early part of 2016, you recall that we took segmented rate. And because we took segmented rate, we impacted the riskier sections and segments of our book more than others. That increased defection rates of those underperforming segments. We did drive lower levels of new business that actually reduced the new business penalty. And at the same time, we improved the rate adequacy of all the business that we drove. So it’s the combination of the decline externally and some of the actions we took internally that really improved our frequency results. And you see that – if you look at fast track, you can see us following industry better than industry trends. So we’ve been at least 0.5 lower than the industry for PD frequency in each of the last quarters, the last four quarters. So we’re not seeing anything dramatically different than the rest of the industry, but I think we are benefiting a little better than everybody else from it. We also, in addition to frequency, remember that there was a whole lot of good work done in the claims organization to manage severity costs and loss costs through some of the work that they did with QuickFoto Claim, enhance discipline and diligence around bodily injury requiring enhanced documentation. And things like that and the result of all of that work has resulted in an improvement in our overall underlying combined ratio. And we see nothing to indicate that, that should be different for us going forward other than normal volatility that’s environmental. But internally, the same stuff that’s worked for us in the past should work for us going forward.
