Matthew E. Winter: Sure. Good morning, Jay, it's Matt. Thanks for the question. So the growth plan is I'm going to oversimplify it probably, but first understand that it's in two large buckets. Remember, when we reported growth, we're not only talking about new business growth, we're talking about increased retention. As John mentioned in his earlier comments, retention can actually have a greater influence on overall item in force growth than new business. So we have five buckets of growth initiatives under the new business side, and three under the retention side. On the new business side, it's pretty basic. We're trying to do five separate things. Number one, increase distribution capacity that's more exclusive agencies, more licensed sales professionals, especially in underpenetrated areas like the Heartland and parts of the United States where we do not have appropriate level of market share. Number two, we want to make the distribution more productive and efficient. And that's through the use of technology, use of data and analytics, better lead generation, and more sophisticated segmentation. The third is to get that distribution more engaged and investing in their businesses. And that's through some redesigns and enhanced compensation and recognition programs, the additional support and coaching. Four, we want to provide them better priced and higher value products to sell. So that's using more sophisticated pricing techniques, better underwriting to improve their close rates. And fifth is to drive more quotes to them, so with better marketing and more segmented marketing. So on the new business side, it's pretty basic, more points of presence, capable of quoting more and closing at higher close rates. On the retention side, there's basically three components: Better onboarding, so that first experience with Allstate after they make the purchase decision is a positive one, better advices service throughout the course of their relationship and that means things like annual reviews of their coverage, it means appropriate amounts of touch points with the customer to ensure that they're happy with their service. And finally, on retention, less rate shop, more stable rate environment, so less triggers for shopping. So we think the combination of all the work we're doing on the new business side, and the retention side has started to show up in our numbers, that's why you're seeing the increased retention and new business rates. And we expect that to continue as we further execute on the growth plan.
Matthew E. Winter: Yeah. Paul, it's Matt, it's a really good question because obviously, one of the impacts of our profit improvement plan that we executed over the last couple of years in response to the initial frequency spike was that we took segmented rates. And in many cases, not only did that drive out the worst-performing segments, but it lowered our overall new business growth, and therefore, lowered our new business penalty. It lowered the penalty, but it comes at a huge cost. As we grow, we expect to have that "new business penalty" pick up a little bit; we'll have a lower tenured group coming into the overall book. The difference is though, we are now priced rate adequate in all of the segments. We feel very good that we're appropriately priced, and we're moderating it, and we believe the quality of that new business will be quite high. And so we believe that while there will be a lower tenured group coming in and the associated new business penalty, we think it's very manageable and we think that we're set up perfectly to absorb it and deal with it.
Matthew E. Winter: Sarah, it's Matt. It's a good question. I think what we discovered over this year with two back-to-back cat four hurricanes and all the associated issues that we've had this year is that our product design and our risk management, our PML work, our reinsurance work, our risk concentration work, and our consistent diligence on pricing served us well. So we feel quite good about it. As you saw, we did very well, we had good underwriting income in the quarter despite what was an exceptionally difficult timeframe for homeowners. So we don't feel like we have a need to react to what we've seen. We, of course, will continue to analyze it, and to ensure that we understand the dynamics in severe weather, and the cats, and the cat load as appropriate. But right now, we feel like we're in a very good place. Our House & Home products served us very well, the design worked well. We now have that 90% of our new business in that product and about a third of our total book, and we're very pleased with the performance of that during these weather events, not only the cats, but the additional weather events that we've had this year. So for Allstate right now, it's pretty much steady as she goes, and continue to analyze increased amounts of data as it comes in.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. And let me just point out that, and that's always true with frequency. It's always a product of both internal and external factors. We always talk about the fact that when we had a spike in frequency, we had – we attributed it to miles driven, which was a product of the unemployment rate as well as lower gas prices. We have weathered that influence – and you have where you are in your own cycle as for as the tenure of your book, what segments you've been growing in, and things like that. So I think the way to think about it is, if you're trying to figure out how is Allstate going versus the competitors, look at some of that industry benchmarks, I'd encourage you to look at fast-track. So the last fast-track that came out was the second quarter, 12-month mover. That showed Allstate's year-over-year change in physical damage frequency at about three points lower than the industry. So if you think of the industry as a product of their external and their own internal factors, and you think of us, then we look at that and say, assuming the external factors are a constant, that shows the benefit of the work we're doing on our internal factors such as tenure and quality of the business.
Matthew E. Winter: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Look, it's always our objective to keep pace with changes in frequency and severity and overall loss costs in a way that maintains our margins and is as least disruptive to our customers as possible. When you have a large spike in either frequency or severity, our belief is, we have to maintain margins and get back to rate adequacy as quickly as possible. And so we will take larger rate amounts as necessarily and as justified when we happen to maintain those margins. We're right now in a much different rate environment than we were in 2014 and 2015. It appears that we're able to take what I would call maintenance rates, inflationary – normal inflationary damage cost and severity increase rate adjustments, and that tends to be smaller, less disruptive, and does less damage to our retentions. And that is our objective whenever we can.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: So Matt's comment is appropriate around 90% of the business is of the Allstate's brand. If you look at the pipeline of where the other brands are, the next one up would be Esurance, John maybe you can make a comment on that, and Encompass is farther behind in the process, so we won't go through any (27:03) on that.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Jay, obviously our risk management programs that we've put in place over the last decade has served us well, and we still made $300-plus million for underwriting income in homeowners this quarter despite the high cats. The reinsurance really was related to Irma in Florida because we had bought down so low there. I think there are still a lot of alternative capital in the reinsurance market. We don't expect to see prices firm up a lot. But we won't know that until we get to next year.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Paul, I just want to make sure I get it right, you mean tenure as in T-E-N-U-R-E or 10-year as in...
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah. There were a couple of contracts domestically. The larger of those contracts was transferred to Allstate. So we're taking the underwriting risk that was in the second quarter. I expect the other contract will transfer towards the end of this year beginning next year.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Sarah, it is a good question because Allstate Financial did have a quarter, Mary Jane could talk about both the various components for the life insurance, and then annuity. I would say the – while the operating income was good in both of those businesses, now we still like to do better in terms of return on the annuities book, so that's still something we have to work on, but we're very pleased, Mary Jane could talk about the actual results we had.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Amit, just to make sure we get the words right. We don't view margin as excess or short or anything. We thought we earned a good return on our auto business, we think the work we've done has been accurate and it's fair to our customers as opposed to excess. And but you wouldn't see in our history times when we lowered prices on purpose to reflect short-term swing in frequency.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Nothing in Harvey. Harvey was right at the cusp. We have $500 million retention; we had $500 million. There's nothing to cede to them.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Hard to tell what happens to the reinsurance market. It would certainly we're one of the largest purchasers, but we're not the biggest driver as you know. And Harvey, there were a lot of commercial losses and variety of other things going on. At this point in the cycle, it's mostly people trying to use things to talk about what they want to happen as opposed to what will happen. We think our reinsurers in our programs have been well compensated. We think it makes sense for us because we carry less capital because of that. And we have less earnings volatility because of that. And so we like the program we have set up. And just, you know this, I'll just reiterate it, that we have a very staggered and stretched out reinsurance program; goes three, five years some of these programs. So any change in pricing in any given year gets muted in terms of its impact in our reported financials.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Bob, I'm really pleased with the results. I think our team executed it extremely well with great precision. I do remember, I think in our call in the first quarter of 2015, you thought we were growing too fast as we were seeking to slow the process. We always seek to please, just give us some time to get back to growth mode.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: It's a question that we always ask ourselves, we look at all the numbers. I would say, it's really hard to tell. The best way to get around that really is to look at longer than the frequency and severity numbers over longer than a quarter. So that's why we always talk about homeowners and we'll say latest 12 months, because we want you to understand that there are fluctuations. It's really hard to tell what happens with claiming behavior, whether somebody doesn't call us because they think we're too busy. We tend to find people do call when they have a problem, so it doesn't normally show up there, but it's really hard to tell.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Let me make a comment on the valuations first, and Steve can talk about how we think about capital and deploying it in our existing businesses for new opportunities, and then a return to shareholders. As it relates to the current valuation, I would point out that there are some companies that look like us that have substantially higher book value multiples. Like I wouldn't mind three times, and it's also true when you look at the broader market.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: And we've not found special dividends to be an attractive way to do that; we tend buy shares back. As the world changed and for some reason whether it was tax policy or something else that led us to do it another way, it is our objective to give it to shareholders in the way that best meets their needs.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Meyer, we're always looking at pricing at an extremely granular level, and Matt can give some points. But I would say we think of our business like a machine, and it operates at an extremely granular and proactive way on both frequency and severity. Matt can talk about what they've been doing in frequency specifically, but.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yes. Good, good, really good question. So when we look at the Foursquare (50:40) , we look at people's market share in that segment relative to their overall market share in whole industry. And so in that more or less branded local advice State Farm, Farmers, Nationwide, and Allstate, we have a higher index market share than we – our overall market share. And that is also true with respect to who we get business from and who we lose business to in that segment. And Matt's team tracks that, we track it by state, by risk class. We look at our quote rates by competitor, we look at close rates by competitor and yet in fact, State Farm as you would expect in that lower left, is the other large significantly branded business, not that Nationwide and Farmers are not but they're the biggest obviously in that sector. And their results do impact what happens to us. If you look at their results, not they need to, they've been losing money in auto. And so we think we're well positioned to grow in that business. It doesn't mean that GEICO and Progressive in their repeat study isn't trying to get the same customers. I'm not trying to imply like they're just buying those customers on the street corner. But the customer value, the advertising tends to drive increased allocation in those specific segments. But we compete with Progressive, GEICO for those customers as well. So I don't want to act like we're the only people, but we just over index a little bit in that segment. And that's why we believe we have an ability to grow in that segment, it's not just GEICO and Progressive, we have to be, but it's Farmers, Nationwide, Progressive and the hundreds of other small regional carriers that are out there we can get.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: So let me just close with a couple of comments. First, we're going to stay focused on achieving balanced operating performance and looking at our five operating priorities, we'll stay proactive, disciplined, make sure we create economic value for our shareholders. So thank you all for participating, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
