John Griek: Well, thank you, Jonathan. Good morning and welcome everyone to Allstate's third quarter 2019 earnings conference call. After prepared remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. Yesterday, following the close of the market, we issued our news release and investor supplement, filed our 10-Q and posted today's presentation on our website at allstateinvestors.com. Our management team is here to provide perspective on these results and discuss the strengths and leading competitive position of Allstate's homeowners insurance business. As noted on the first slide of the presentation, our discussion will contain non-GAAP measures for which there are reconciliations in the news release and investor supplement and forward-looking statements about Allstate's operations. Allstate's results may differ materially from these statements. So please refer to our 10-K for 2018 and other public documents for information on potential risks. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019, Allstate plans to announce catastrophe losses every month, removing the current $150 million reporting threshold. The enhancements to our catastrophe announcement process increases transparency for analysts and shareholders. As many of you know, this will be my final earnings call as the leader of our Investor Relations team. As I've transitioned to a new role in our P&C finance area. I'm leaving Investor Relations in the capable hands of Mark Nogal, who will be a great partner for all of you going forward. I'll now turn it over to Tom.
John Griek: Well Greg thanks for the question. We love the fact that you are paying attention to what we say makes real good. The monthly cat numbers it's just a clean up what people are like, is it above 150 what if it's 149 we felt like it was confusing stuff. So we're just put out monthly you can do what you people, everyone is got different things they use it for. So just to make your lives easier and that’s more transparent. As it relates to the return on equity as we're replacing the annual underwriting - underlying combined ratio guidance with longer term ROE goals. ROE is a better measure of the overall business results because it includes first includes our businesses and includes investment incomes and ties directly to reported results which includes catastrophes. The underlying combined ratio of course, only reflects their property liability businesses, and it excludes catastrophes which bounce around a lot from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. But on a long-term basis as a management team we're accountable for making sure that we get a good return on homeowners with catastrophes included it because that's the risk our shareholders take. So, what we're going to do when we report full year 2019 results is give you what we think a long-term ranges on return on equity and debt management should be held accountable to.
John Griek: Yes, it will be on adjusted earnings just because the accounting - as we move to fair value accounting the book value and reported income bounces around a lot with equity investment. So we feel like adjusted net income return on equity is a better measure of what we want to do. Long-term would be sort of what do you expect to do over two to three years but the goal really is to get people focused and our shareholders focus on what's the overall return we're generating and the capital you have and focus on the overall side of the business, as opposed to just one component. And while auto insurance and homeowners insurance are extremely important to our business, so we are not the only thing we got going, and that the only thing we should be held accountable to. So ROE is just a much better measure under which you can judge how well you think we're doing as a team.
Tom Wilson: Well, good morning. Thank you for joining us to stay current on Allstate. Let's begin on Slide 2 with Allstate's strategy. So our strategy has two components increase personal property liability market share, and then expand into other protection businesses. Starting with the upper oval that the personal property liability market provides consumers, protection we insure their autos, their homes, motorcycles, boats, personal liability. We use differentiated products, sophisticated pricing, claims expertise, and a building in integrated digital enterprise to lower costs, which I'm sure will come up later. We're also diversifying our businesses by expanding our protection offerings, and that's highlighted in the bottom oval. Allstate offers customers a circle of protection. It's a wide range of products from Allstate life, workplace benefits, commercial insurance, roadside services, car warranties, protection plans and identity protection. These growth platforms have extremely broad distribution, including major retailers, insurance brokers, work sites, auto dealers and manufacturers, telcos, and directly to consumers. They now comprise about 75% of our policies in force, although a much smaller percentage of our overall premiums. We leverage the Allstate brand, customer base and capabilities, to drive growth in these businesses. Some of these businesses also support the property liability businesses. This strategy creates shareholder value through customer satisfaction, unit growth and attractive returns on capital. It also ensures that we have both sustainable profitability and a diversified business platform. We move to Slide 3. Allstate strategy is delivering growth and attractive returns. Revenues exceeded $11 billion in the third quarter of 2019; Property Liability earned premium, which grew 5.6%. Strong operating capabilities enabled us to generate net income of $889 million in the quarter. Adjusted net income was $946 million or $2.84 per diluted share, as you can see in the bottom of the slide. Returns were also attracted with an adjusted net income return on equity of 14.2%. We turn to Slide 4. We also did really well on all of our 2019 operating priorities. And we have five of those, as you know they focus on both near term performance and long-term value creation. The first three priorities, better serve customers, grow the customer base, and achieve target returns on capital, are all intertwined to ensure profitable long-term growth. Customers were better served, as an - Enterprise Net Promoter Score improved. Property liability policies increased by 664,000 from the prior year quarter to 33.6 million, as the Allstate and Esurance brands grew 1.9% and 5.9% respectively. Allstate protection plans which of course was formerly SquareTrade were at 89.8 million. Total policies in force now exceed 136 million, an increase of 40.7% compared to the prior year quarter. Returns remained excellent with most individual businesses performing well. The $89 billion investment portfolio had excellent total returns and generated $880 million net investment income in the quarter. Shareholder value is also being created by building long-term growth platforms. We increased telematics usage in the property liability businesses, and that's supported by having industry leading insurance solutions from Arity. Allstate protection plan is achieving the acquisition goals we established two years ago. And sales in Europe are growing. Allstate identity protection, which we acquired about a year ago is integrating its products into our customer value propositions. Mario will now discuss our results by segment in more detail.
Tom Wilson: Elyse one place this time, one place, we would like, this quarter was marketing, which we will dial up as we talked about last quarter, we're dialing out there, there's some select markets where we know that we can generate economic growth. That said, that won't change the overall trend line of expensive should be coming down over time. But you know, every quarter is new quarter so.
Tom Wilson: Let me give you, first we can't comment on everybody else's numbers because, as in bodily injury, those are long data claims it takes three, four years to really get them paid out depending, the little ones get closed early, the big ones get closed late. So you always have some bounce of mix in the paid BI that you have to get underneath. That said, we feel good about where overall bodily injury reserves are set and our trends Glenn can talk about the pay trend.
Tom Wilson: Well let me deal with some components, Glenn can talk about what we're doing with our agency platform to make it more effective and efficient, including things like integrated service and what we're doing in compensation to drive that growth. As it relates to restructuring, we do end up with some little minor restructuring charges that go through there in the Q someplace, but they're not big numbers. As we move forward, as we move through integrate digital enterprise we just record what we think we have to record under the rules. If it means, we have, headcount go down because we're using integrated digital enterprise and we have to record a charge that we do it. But we don't feel like there is one big bucket that's needed at this point, that we then carve it out and don't come back and hold ourselves accountable for because it's some other charts in place.
Tom Wilson: And Greg, just the change in agency compensation, we don't expect to raise overall compensation as a percentage of premiums.
Tom Wilson: Homeowners is one of those businesses where it's really difficult to look at it by quarter, what happens with severity. Because it's obviously impacted by weather, sometimes its cats, sometimes it's not a cat. And so you have to really look it on kind of a rolling 12-month basis. And when you look at our business, it's got great returns. We feel really good about it. If you look at the average premium, it's way up. And when you go underneath that, and as Glen said, we'd like to segment this down, then we segment it by state, we segment it by coverage. And in homeowners, depending what kind of loss you have, it changes your paid severity a lot. And again, those tend to be relatively short tail line. But so a fire loss has a much different severity if the house burns, then obviously if somebody runs into the garage door, or hail damage can tend to be much more expensive because it could take out a whole roof than some leaky pipes. So it really depends. The mix drives a lot of it. Theft is not as big as water damage. So, what I would say is Glenn's comments on this special topic, we feel really good by homeowners. Like, it's a really good business, making really good money, much better. And I want to just underline what I said. With a 9% share of the market, we've captured half of the overall profits generated in homeowners in the industry. So we feel like that's indicative of good operating expertise and capabilities.
Tom Wilson: First I may go up for a minute, Mike and say we want to use technology and our people to do a really great job for our customers. And with what you can do in technology today, you can make your people a lot more productive, and make them give a great service and spend less money. So, we've talked multiple times by a quick photo claim with a productivity of a claim adjuster is multiple to what it used to be because they're not driving around from body shop to body shop. They're sitting in front of a computer, looking at pictures, deciding what should be done with their customers. So that's ripping through our business. We have lots of ways, we're working on doing that and that's what gives us the confidence that we can do a better job for our customers with less expenses. Glenn talked about integrated service, which is the thing you're referring to, and you don't see it in the numbers. It would be what I would say today. It's not you know, we started with 50 agents this year we're getting the processes down. We're not going to turn this loose on 22 million customers, until such policies until such time as we make sure it works really well. Because the system we have works really well. Our net promoter score was up again this quarter. We like what our agents are doing that said, we think we can do better by leaning into innovation, rather than go. So you're not seeing anything on integrated service that’s the media I think you're referring to. I mean there is so much media out there these days. I don't know whether it's fake news or not, but like – the reality is, as we are doing everything possible to give our customers great service, support our agencies, but do it in a cheaper way. And we're all in on that.
Tom Wilson: Let me also add to that, so let's just compare homeowners to auto insurance. So homeowner’s is more volatile on an individual location basis than auto insurance. So you should put up more capital for homeowners insurance than you should for auto insurance. In addition, with homeowners insurance, you get very little investment income visits are relatively short tail way as opposed to auto insurance you get a decent amount of investment income off it. So as a result of that you have to run a combined ratio in homeowners insurance that's below that would you run in auto insurance. So your combined ratio and homeowner should always be below your combine that's not true for everybody but so in total, you got to get there. The problem is it like if there is hail in Dallas one year, and then not for two more years. There is hail in Oklahoma, because it got dumped in Oklahoma before it got to Dallas the next year. And so, if you're only in Dallas and you got to earn that low combined ratio, and the hail happens to get you in that year, it's pretty hard to then have the money to expand into Oklahoma. So that's what Glenn is talking about. But the businesses, when you look at the homeowners business, and as more people get into it, I think it's worthwhile focusing on what is their actual return on capital in that business, as opposed to just growth.
Tom Wilson: Well, first, if you look at our auto insurance growth, it's about two points, which we think is more than the number of cars and have grown in United States. So we think we're picking up market share, albeit a small amount of market share and we'd like to have more. So we are investing more in marketing, but that doesn't change the overall trend that Glenn talked about. I mean, we're going to - our overall trend is reduce expenses, be competitive at price, maintain margins at levels that are attractive. Is it going to be the same level each quarter? It bounces around a lot depending on what frequency happens, but we liked the returns. We're good at getting returns in auto insurance and we have proven that we can grow it and we're going to work on keep producing expenses so we can continue to be competitive.
Tom Wilson: Yes, thank you Crystal. First of all, we manage all of our pricing and state-by-state basis. And I would say, in terms of the slowing, I would look at it relative to the lost cost trends. And so I would say it's slowed. We've taken over trailing 12 months, 2.2 auto rate that's translated into an average gross premium of 3%. But if you look at the severity trends running five this quarter, in the trailing 12 months, higher than that, we've not had rate that keeps up with that. And as we talked about earlier, we've offset it with lower expenses and that's where you give more value to the customer is not taking rate that has to keep all the way up with those types of inflationary factors. But, as Tom has said several times, we managed this for profitable growth and we're committed to a strong return. And when we look state-by-state at that, we're looking at our competitiveness, what our price looks like relative to our competitors by different customer cohorts in each market, but also, what our return on all of his cohorts are in each market. And so I think our pricing has trailed the lost trend, which is part of what we're offsetting with the expenses.
Tom Wilson: And the amount from each prior year wouldn’t really help you. So it's because it's what we picked as opposed to what the trends - the absolute trends are, but when we do the cadence there's obviously the triangles are in there and so.
Tom Wilson: That's a pretty detailed level of question, Josh. So first overall retention was flat this quarter basically for statistical reasons, I mean it's kind of down slightly, but it's basically flat. So that means we're keeping in total as many or as a percentage of our customers, as you're correct in assuming that a new business doesn't have its higher retention as people have been with you 10 years. By the time somebody has been with you, actually, people don't wait two, three, four years. They pretty much tend to stay with you really high retention levels. So growth will drive your retention down despite the fact that we were growing over last couple of years. Our retention has gone up because we're doing a better job on customer service with our net promoter score up. So I don't - I think in terms of our overall growth, you should expect to see more of it come from new business in the future than further increases in retention, if that's helpful.
Tom Wilson: You sound like you're looking at a specific number. Maybe what we can do is Glenn can answer for you what the new comp. So we're going to - we'd said we could spend more money in advertising. We're working on that and we expect to still bring our overall expenses down as we do that over time. May not be every quarter, but we're headed down in that direction. And then - but Glenn can talk about what we're doing on compensation.
Tom Wilson: So, what we're trying to do is, go on a great customer value proposition. We want a good price. We want good service. We're lowering expenses. You should expect to see us continue to lower expenses as we go forward from here and then as loss ratio goes up, that just means you’re offering greater value. They're paying less for expenses and more for fixing stuff that got broke.
Tom Wilson: Okay. First, thank you for being on the call. Let me thank John for being both a transparent and direct source to you for a little over three years. He's done a fabulous job. We are excited to see him move on in his career and I know Mark will do a great job. He's worked with John, so it'll be seamless for you and us. As it relates to Allstate, yes, we made really good progress this year on our strategy, our operating priorities remain focused on profitable growth, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes thanks Elyse, it’s Glenn, We're definitely focused on improving expenses. We've been faster this and going after it hard. I mentioned a few of the examples last quarter where, we've been able to reduce customer inquiry calls, which is a win-win, because it's better customer experience, because we've eliminated the need for those calls on the front end, but it also is more efficient on the back end. I mentioned in special topic there some of the aerial imagery and data analytics we're using in both claims and to reduce inspection. So we've gone after some real tangible ways we can manage expense. As with any quarter there is a mix of things in there. So similar to last quarter, there is some components to compensation, some components of marketing, some components of sustainable improvements in the baseline of that. But, we've made some real tangible improvements that we will sustain and we're going after expenses in a real way, because we think it's a path towards growth where we can, maintain margins.
Glenn Shapiro: I don't know that there was a lot of one-time in this. So we've got, where it is sustainable. It says operational improvements, which is, a meaningful chunk of the change that we've got. When you look at some of the compensation components, we've managed, both are, employee compensation and agency compensation over time and you reset every year with a new program. So there's a little bit of benefit in there from that, that we were short to our growth aspirations in the year but otherwise we've got sustainable, expensive prudence in here.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, so we feel good about where we are in bodily injuries we put in the Q, you know we’re running around medical inflation. As Tom mentioned on the reserving, it's all in the numbers I think would be a headline there because in our reserving actuaries so talented folks, they work very closely with our claims team, our underwriters, our product organization, they all work together to ensure that we have, the right reserves on the book. And if you look at the trends over time, we've had, a lot more favorable development and unfavorable development through the years, which is, good, bellwether for you to look at in terms of our overall trends.
Glenn Shapiro: So yes, thanks for the question Greg and as Tom said you’re definitely paying attention to the details in there. So if you look at the agent council start with that, some of that it’s a reflection of, the investment folks are willing to make in the business based on the opportunity, and there's good opportunity with Allstate. And we are, we're growing items and we're profitable and been successful. So, agents are putting their nickel down, these are small business owners who are opening up a shop and going out and selling product and serving the needs of consumers. In terms of the license sales professional that's reflective of their hiring, they're doing mostly on the sales side of that. Now that said, I'll mention as Tom said, a compensation component leading into next year, as well as the integrated service that you brought up. From a compensation standpoint, we're leaning more of the compensation towards new business production. We're interested in growing so as we increase marketing, we've improved our expense we'd be more effective and cost effective for customers and we  -- be more effective and cost-effective for customers. And we lean more into new business production in terms of the compensation as we shift that in that direction. We think that's a good system wide approach to go drive growth. In terms of integrated service, we have talked about it before. It's in the early stages. It's a big system. We have 40,000 people in that agency system, when you take the agents and all of their employees, licensed and unlicensed, sales and service. So today we do that service in a decentralized way. A lot of the service is done in individual offices, which you're not scaling, is not ultimately going to be as cost effective as you can do it in a more scaled way. So we built an integrated service model. We're doing that with - we're getting into hundreds of agents, not thousands of agents, at this point. So, from a scale perspective, you wouldn't see it showing up in the numbers that you looked at there at this point.
Glenn Shapiro: So first of all, I always like to go back to the overall profitability of auto, and we're doing very well. They're 92 combined ratio, some of that is the expenses and I'll come back to sort of some of the intentionality there. Frequency, first of all, it's hard to predict. You can't predict what is going to happen in the next year, next quarter, but you can understand the trends and where things are moving. So miles driven, we're up. We saw some change in what had been a declining trend to frequency. That said, it was a little bit mixed. So I'll point you to a few different numbers. Gross frequency was up two points, as you pointed out. But paid frequency, which on a short-term tail line tends to be pretty accurate, was flat. And BI frequency was slightly down. So I look at the overall frequency picture and say: It's kind of a mixed story in there and something that we're keeping a close eye on. Now you go a level below that, and at a local level, every state manager is out there looking at their competitiveness, their trends, their frequency, their severity in every state. And we're managing that profitability at that local level. So that's what rolls up into a really favorable return, as we've delivered. And then lastly on expenses, I want to keep going back to that because part of the reason or the main reason you go after expenses the way we are is actually allows you to let the loss ratio float up and deliver the same return. And that's what it looks like in our ratios when you're giving back more value to the customers.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, so thanks, Tom, you know as you way out the principles there, clearly we're in an environment in auto that meets those growth principles and so, we want to go after that. But that said, its environment we've chosen to grow in, but it's a competitive environment, we got significant increases in advertising out there. We have an extremely low CPI. So we acknowledge all that in terms of the competition and we're doing things smart as to how we grow as opposed to chasing it. I think you could call our combined ratio now a little bit of a restructured combined ratio because as you point out Jay, the loss ratio was up, the expense ratio was down. I would argue that it's a lot better than the other way around. That if you think about sustainability, if we were here having this conversation and we were like a point or two up on expenses but we had a huge tailwind because frequency to drop through the floor in the quarter. I think we’re - having a different conversation. So I look at this as a as a positive, sustainable way for us to go after growth and show that we can do it in a way that's going to continue to provide that, mid high teens return.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes so, thanks for the question on it. I think the basic premise there is, you know, we have a lot of scale and we've got, breath across states in our blend in our mix across the state is not only a 50 state view and so we've got it everywhere. But we've also been thoughtful and made choices about where we're larger and smaller, given the types of risks we face, which really challenging for the smaller or newer carrier going into it. It’s getting that type of breath across a system where you can offset your highs and lows. It's similar to, what you do with an investment portfolio. You're mixing your investment portfolio in different ways so that when one thing is up another one is down, and you're getting an overall good return, that's really challenging if you're starting out and you're only allowed to buy four stocks.
Glenn Shapiro: It's hard Crystal to, and I'm not trying to - it's really the level of sophistication of pricing today in auto insurance is so high that, while the numbers overall are important to maintaining looking at the trend in the margins and definitely look at those. In terms of growth, a lot of it depends what sales you're growing in, what your new business discount is. There's a lot of things we do, and our competitors do to make sure we capture business, which is generates long-term economic growth. So it's, but - it's a pretty, it's not a robust, we're not seeing people take a bunch of rates right now, you know, state farm's taken some decreases but given where they are in overall price, we think they probably need to take some price decreases because they're pretty high priced. We feel competitive like price right now.
Glenn Shapiro: And a quick add I'll make to the marketing because this has come up a couple of times. It's during a year-over-year basis the marketing was lower? On a sequential quarter basis, it was up. We're comparing to a quarter last year where there was a new brand launch and you know, so, but we're ramping up and we'll continue to do that with marketing. From a compensation standpoint, as we talked about earlier, it really is about shifting towards new business production. You ultimately, you compensate agents for the service they provide to customers and for going out and punting and getting new business, and we're within the confines of that amount of money, that compensation system, we're shifting money towards new business production to incentivize that more in the compensation plan going into next year.
