Tom Wilson: Josh, I don't – we did not mean for it to have that interpretation. When you look at improving profitability in auto insurance, number one thing will be increased our rates. As the lowering expenses, as part of Mario said, the growth objective or transformed growth plan, that will obviously help, but we would have done that anyway. In fact, we started at like two or three years ago, and we're really glad we did it because we came into this year with, as Glenn pointed out, about 3 points lower than we would have been had we not started. But that's ongoing piece, but it's a component of improving profitability, but it's just not – not like we started in claim loss cost management is somewhere in between the two, you're always using data analytics and new claim processes, new relationships with vendors to try to reduce your cost. But as the cost change in the locus of those cost changes. Sometimes you have to adjust the programs you have in place – so I would say that the primary thing to focus on is rate increases in terms of the near-term improvement in auto profitability.
Tom Wilson: Greg, when we get to the – when we do the auto call in March, we'll give you a little more specifics on how to calculate that because the 2.9% is based on the – it's a dollar, right? We have a dollar number of what we think we're going to get. It's 2.9% is 2.9% times the prior year premiums. As the prior year premiums, if you look at the total, of course, when you're raising rates, it keeps going up, too. So the full year number is not the annualized number of December. So we'll help you figure out how to do that in March.
Tom Wilson: Greg, it's – the regulators come out of when they want to treat customers fairly. And as Glenn pointed out, the first thing they want is transparency, and our team spends a tremendous amount of time trying to be transparent with the regulators. It's also about what's your history with them. So we did a shelter and place payback of $1 billion. No regulator asked us or forces to do it. We did it proactively within my 10 days of noticing this guy here and his team got organized on it. So it's not like they do everything we want, but it's about treating customers fairly. And then in addition, when you're going in on the physical damage coverages, it's paid in 90 days. So there's not a great debate over whether the money went out or not. It just does. And then finally, injury, can be a little more discussion around it because there are longer-term trends, but we have good math on that as well. So we're confident we can get our combined ratio into the target level that Glenn talked about, which is in mid-90s.
Tom Wilson: Yes. It's hard to compare us to other people. If you're talking about Progressive, I'd say our combined ratio is 15 to 20 points better than theirs on a billions of dollars of either theirs or ours, but I don't even think there's a comparison. But – so we – the business bounces around a little bit. We get a good return on capital on it. Was it in the high 90s? Is that where we want it to be on a long-term basis? No. There's a bounce around by year, yes. And so we feel highly confident we can continue to differentiate ourselves in this space in that business.
Tom Wilson: Good question. I understand why it's important because everybody is trying to figure out the turn and when will it be in the P&L so you can get in early. And I understand the same thing is when people are looking at sort of various rate increases. The headline would be, we're not going to give a projection as to when because you can't predict what will happen to frequency, severity, rate increases. What you can do is look on a longer-term basis and say, when you look at auto insurance and you look at the broad competitive set, Allstate Progressive and GEICO tend to outperform the industry and have combined ratios, which generate attractive returns and just – you can just graph it out over five or 10 years we all sort of hover in the same place. There are other people like some of the large mutuals and stuff which don't operate at that level, but we've proven an ability to get there. So we think that we'll continue to get there as to the speed of it. Sometimes people ask about the speed, is very idiosyncratic. Like, if your frequency moved up to near – closer to pre-pandemic levels, earlier than ours did, then you should have been taking price earlier and severities, the same thing, people manage their loss costs differently. So we tend to look at it and say, with the long term, we know how to make money in this business on how we're confident we'll get there. But we've not put a date out which we said we'll be in the mid-90s.
Tom Wilson: So – and we do it by state and by coverage. I mean so if we – there's a fair amount of granularity to it, is market is not always as precise as you like because you're trying to guess what it's going to cost us settle to something. Well, thank you for participating. Let me just close by saying, there's two stories here. The narrower story is, it's about the insurance industry and Allstate dealing with auto insurance of profitability caused by inflation in fixing cars and then also fixing bodies. Great longer longitudinal story is, which I don't want to let it on the cutting of the floor is about a significant repositioning of the company while dealing with that issue. So we sold our life business. We spent $4 billion success with our National General into the fold increase our market share by 1%, which different position in the independent agent channel for transformation of the Allstate branded business is going quite well, whether that's expanding direct lowering costs or building out new products and improving our competitive position. And then our Protection Services business is really reached a substantive multibillion dollar level with large source of future revenue growth to come because of the way the time works. And at the same time, we're continuing to buy back shares and pay great dividends. So thank you all for participating, and we'll talk to the next quarter. Actually, we'll talk to you in March when we come back to auto reels.
Glenn Shapiro: Sure. So directly answering the question, the 2.9% is an annualized and the 25 states. So this truly is like if we stopped, if all we did was the fourth quarter, we got 2.9% rate increase across our book of business. We're not stopping in the fourth quarter, and we did a little bit in the third quarter, we took about $800 million in rate increases between the two quarters and we'll continue to. But that amount of money, when you look at the right side, you look at the 81 and the 702 that is the full impact of the rate increase.
Glenn Shapiro: Sure, will. So Greg, it's a great question. And I know we've been the last couple of quarters. So the conversation has been a lot about will it be pushback? How do we do it? I think the evidence – this page that you pointed us back to, Page 8, the evidence is pretty clear. 25 states implemented at a 7.1% average increase. We are continuing to go at a very fast pace across other states and even in some cases, the same states, again, with rate increases as we get new data and new trends. And to this point, we have – you're always going to experience some discussions, some push on the data, some negotiation, if you will, and some back and forth. But we've – you can see it there, those are implemented rates. And we've been successful. And our people, and I give a ton of credit to our state managers and our product team who've done over years, an incredible job of building relationships because they provide a lot of detail when they do a rate increase or a decrease, any type of rate change we make. And we get great responses because ultimately, these are numbers people talking to numbers people. It is less – most often anyway, is less a political issue than it is a reality issue of looking at the numbers and what is the justifiable and supportable rate increase. And again, we've been very successful so far. We have no reason to believe we won't continue to be. We'll have pushback in places, and we'll have discussions and give and take. But overall, we're getting the rates that we need, and we're going to continue to do that.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So as we look at severity, a significant majority on the physical damage lines, which you were pointing to, Paul, is driven by the price of cars. It's – I think I said this last quarter, but I really like the example of if you were – if you had a life insurance company and all your policy limits went up by 50% or something, with no premium change, you'd have an issue. And really, the value of the car is the policy limit. That's the capitation method for property damage and collision. So that moving up has driven, call it, 80-ish percent of the overall severity issue. So as I look at that, there are a couple of ways you can look at it going forward, and this is not just Allstate, this is looking at the world around us that we operate in. One is when will supply chain issues and chip shortages be corrected, most of what you see externally is that, that will last through 2022. The other one is, is that there's likely some sort of structural maximum that used car prices go to because they probably won't end up exceeding new cars prices. And as we get to a year-over-year comparison, where in Q2 of 2021 was the largest single quarter of increase where there was that really steep uphill climb, at some point, you're not going to have those same type of increases on a year-over-year basis, but you may stabilize at a higher level for some period of time. And that's what we've factored in to the way we're looking at our incurred losses, and it's in there in terms of the way we've reported our results and our severities and how we're looking at it going forward.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. That is – so when you look at the – whether it's repair parts costs are accelerating labor like most industries, labor costs going up, that's continuing to move up. But I think an important way to look at it is if you removed the cost of cars, the used car price that limit going up, everything else combined would be in line with sort of our normal trend for severity, that mid-single-digit trend that you'd expect to see. Now then that's completely excluding one major factor, so I understand that it has a little bias to it because car prices do go up a little bit over time. But it is driving the lion's share of it because it's not like you expect severities to be flat year-over-year. They've moved up. Every year over long, long periods of time, there's just normal inflationary movement that happens in there, wherever it's low single digits, some years, mid-single digits or even higher single digits, other years. what is so extreme right now driving the double-digit increases is that change in car prices, but the 20% that I referred to is labor and repair costs, which we're really looking to tackle by increasing our use of direct repair and leveraging our scale in parts purchasing.
Glenn Shapiro: I will. Yes. So I give a ton of credit to our team that does all our math and our modeling, they've done a really nice job on frequency, and we're sitting just about right on top of where we expected to be a year ago on it. So will it normalize to some degree probably? While we can't predict different things can happen in the world, we can't predict and won't give a forward-looking prediction of frequency, you'd expect there to be some normalization to pre-pandemic levels. But as we've said for a while now that we believe that there is some durable structural change. People aren't going to be commuting to office buildings as frequently as they did before the pandemic. We probably all know many people, including some of ourselves, that don't do that and won't do that even on an ongoing basis. And 40% of our losses occur in rush hour. So the commuting time, Monday to Friday mornings and afternoons, so when you got significantly fewer drivers on 40% of your last time period and that shift in when people drive, it makes changes to both frequency and severity. So we think that there's some durable reduction there that barring all the other things that change around it, would be consistent in the way frequency stays a bit lower. But as I mentioned earlier in the prepared remarks, we also see some severity increase from that because the driving has shifted to more leisure times to times where the roads are more open, people are driving faster. It creates harder hits with greater severity, that's hitting us both on the physical damage and the casualty side. So there's just a lot of pieces and parts in there. But to summarize with your question, are we contemplating that in our rate plan? The answer is absolutely yes. We are contemplating in the rate plan, our expectations for frequency, our expectations for severity. And we're going hard after rate, as you can see, and we're not done.
