Tom Wilson: Thanks for joining us today and your continuing interest in Allstate. I will share my thoughts on the results for the quarter, putting them in context of the programs we put in place over the last couple of years, and looking forward for the priorities we have in place for 2010. And then Bob is going to go through the business unit results and Don will cover investments and our financial position, and then we will get to your questions. This quarter’s operational financial results were really a combination of the trends in progress we made throughout 2009. We had strong profitability in auto insurance. The homeowners business continued to underperform as we experienced near-record catastrophe losses, Allstate Financial made further progress in reinventing its strategic focus, and our investment results continued to reflect low interest rate, but improving fixed income markets. The net results were we generated $375 million of operating income and $120 million of net income as you can see on slide 2. The overall combined ratio was 98.9. The underlying combined ratio excludes the catastrophe losses in prior-year reserve re-estimates was 89.1, which is right in the middle of our full-year forecast of 88 to 90. Investment income was $1.1 billion. That’s 10.7% lower than Q1 2009, which primarily reflects two things; lower short-term interest rates and risk mitigation efforts we have taken to protect the portfolio from large economic losses if interest rates increase. Our turn optimization programs served us well as the unrealized loss on $100 billion investment portfolio decreased from$2.3 billion at year-end 2009 to about $850 million at the end of March 2010. This improvement reflects our decision to stay long in corporate credit and the continued decline in corporate credit spreads. As a result of all of that, book value per share was up 42% over the last 12 months, an increase of 5% during the first quarter. The operating results underneath these numbers also reflects steady progress on our goal of creating shareholder value by raising returns in homeowners in Allstate Financial and growing our businesses. We are staying focused on improving returns in homeowners through a comprehensive set of profit improvement initiatives. We have tightened our underwriting guidelines, reducing market share on highly volatile areas, restructured reinsurance programs and continually evaluated our claims practices. We have raised pricing so that average premiums are up 7% this quarter over the first quarter of last year. In addition, this quarter we received approval for price increases in another six states of that average about 7%. The weather however continued to outrun the benefits to these initiatives, so we have more work to do. Our goal is turn the homeowners business into a competitive advantage instead of a burden on returns. Allstate Financial made progress in raising returns by discontinuing sales of its fixed annuities to financial institutions at the end of the quarter. It is also now about 93% of the way home and is focused to win expense reduction initiative. We will grow our auto business by keeping more of our existing customers and increasing new business. We do well on raising customer loyalty, which increased for the fifth quarter in a row and should drive higher retention rates. Retention was up versus last year’s first quarter, but was flat to the preceding quarter. New business was up slightly, reflecting declines in Florida and California, and Encompass business also declined due to profitability initiatives. Average premium essentially offset the decline in overall units. Looking forward, we have to stay focused on increasing items in force to drive long-term growth. Allstate Financial’s Workplace business continues to grow rapidly and is now the second largest domestic insurance provider of voluntary products at the worksite. We are also well along the path of launching several new products this year, both for Allstate Protection and Allstate Financial, which will be supported by new marketing programs. Let me now have Bob take you through the operating results in greater detail.
Tom Wilson: Let me quickly summarize before we turn to your questions. We made progress on our initiatives to create shareholder value and deliver a profitable quarter despite the near-record catastrophes. We continue to post strong auto margins. We made progress in raising returns in homeowners and at Allstate Financial. We proactively managed our investment portfolio to mitigate risk and to optimize returns. And we are taking action to create sustainable growth in our businesses. So, with that, let’s open it up to your questions.
Tom Wilson: Good morning Bob. Thanks for the question. Congratulations, you have the speediest fingers, you always get your notes out as quickly as anybody I have seen on our numbers.
Tom Wilson: Actually I thought maybe went out before the press release, I wasn’t’ sure about that. The advertising, this business has become much more marketing-driven over the last, really since 2002 when we began to – Geico and Progress at that point were spending somewhere around a couple of hundred million dollars a year and we were spending less than that. And if you remember, in 2003, we said we were going to step away up and that really began a series of competitive responses which leave marketing as a significant in which this business competes today, besides just price. So, it’s – what you see over a long period of time is that the bigger players who advertise a lot tend to grow faster than those that do not. So, whether you look at the top 10 or you look at the heavy advertisers. So, I think you should expect to continue to see advertising be a successful and ever-increasing weapon used to grow. Sometimes, Bob, people confuse advertising with channel, that’s it big advertising that drives. It certainly got to be competitive, you need to have all the different channels, so you need to do it with people, you need to do it through call centers, you need to do it over the Internet, but what you will see is continued high levels of spend this year. I can’t speak for our competitors, but looking at the airways, it looks like they are spending about what they did last year at Progressive or at Geico. Progressive seems like it dialed up a little bit with flow, and we have been recently steady in the first part of this year as we seek to reposition some of our advertising towards our target customers and talk more about longer-term value. Last year, we spent a lot of time on price, which we needed to do because of our silence on price before that, we would perceive this too high, not longer, we brought that measure way down. So, we are shifting our focus, I mean, you should expect to continue to see us be aggressive in advertising as we go throughout this year.
Tom Wilson: Good morning Jay. Let me make an overall comment on auto PIP and Joe can you give some specifics on it and Matt can then pick up on Allstate Financial Couple of overall comments. First, of course, our strategy is to grow our auto business. The biggest way we can do that is to keep more of the customers we already have, so retention becomes very important. As you point out, of course, you always need new customers because people die, move away or go someplace else. So, we do have to continue to find a way to get new customers, but you have to look at it in total. And Joe can help you take that one through. On Allstate Financial, Matt will take you through the specifics, but I think you are correct, not to multiply this quarter’s number by four. So, you want to start Joe and then we will go to Matt.
Tom Wilson: We don’t give that out, because we think it’s competitive. I think if you went back to the Florida, for example, I would say that we have been successful in competing in a market sold as a monoline auto insurer, because we have good pricing, good products there as well as we have been in homeowners. Of course, sometimes you make people made at you, we call it, don’t offer continuing coverage as opposed to non-renewed. But if we don’t offer them continuing coverage, sometimes they get mad about that, but if you do it in the right way, we actually help them shop. We give them different alternatives. So, we have found that we have been able to maintain that balance. And have been doing that really since 2005. So, we have got a lot of experience built into the system as how to do that.
Tom Wilson: Josh, we were talking, I said before, we were really talking about Allstate Financial. So, I think –
Tom Wilson: I think we were talking about that multiple. Matt said it twice with different elements of Allstate Financial. We don’t typically give revenue guidance. So, if we were almost doing it, we made a mistake.
Tom Wilson: Yes, let me give you some long-term perspective on non-standard and Joe might want to give you some short-term view on Allstate Blue and how it’s doing and he can certainly talk about Encompass as well. Paul, when you look at the non-standard business, we grew that business very rapidly a decade ago. We were actually at one point in the late 90s selling more non-standard than we were standard insurance on our weekly basis. Unfortunately, that business was mispriced and so, in about 2001, we began to reduce that book of business. And so, you will see actually our market share in policy count start to go down which was the intention on our product, because we were losing money. In 2004, we had to make a choice between whether we wanted to prioritize Your Choice Auto or growth in non-standard. At that point in the cycle, we thought prioritizing Your Choice Auto was the right thing to do. So, we did that and of course we are now I think over 5 million Your Choice Auto policies, which has really helped stabilize and protect that standard auto book. At the same time, then later in, it was about 2007 or 2008, we rolled out Allstate Blue, which was a restaged, more consumer-friendly, non-standard product, obviously targeted towards high-risk drivers, that the growth in that business is in the new state has been good, but it has not been enough to overcome the continued slide down in the non-standard business. So, the net of all that is that businesses a fraction of what it used to be, which is the bad news. The good news is that is an opportunity for us to grow. It shouldn’t continue to go down. It has become such a small piece of the overall book, but it doesn’t actually impact the total book anymore which is a bad thing from our standpoint, because it’s a good customer segment we have to figure out how to go after. So, that’s work that is underway. So, maybe you want to jump in, Joe, and talk about specifically what non-standard (inaudible).
Tom Wilson: I will let Joe handle that, but as he said earlier, we would try to give. The guidance we would like to give you is on underlying combined ratio, it’s not on various components of the P&L, but Dan, I think Joe can give you some spec to that now.
Tom Wilson: Our continued view is that dividend should be tied to profitability. So, to the extent the profitability goes up, then it’s sustainable, then we will put in dividend increases that are commensurate with that. And other than that, we said if we don’t – then we would like to deploy capital in the business and grow it, because we think that’s the best alternative for shareholders. If we cannot, then we would use share repurchases to pass that money back to shareholders. We have of course a long track record of doing that, but that’s prospectively, Don and his team don’t have any plans at this point to do anything different than what we have currently been doing at share repurchases which is nothing, and of course, you know, I say every quarter that the Board approves the dividend and that’s not for us to talk about here to make any promises for my Board that has to decide what we want to do.Dan Johnson – Citadel Investment Group, LLC: Good. Looking forward to both of those. Thank you.
Tom Wilson: I would say yes to your question, but it was only piece of it that I think you want to be careful of is that the combined ratio is equal to that of standalone auto. That of course varies widely by year but your comment about acquisition expense, lifetime value is consistent with the economic model that we use with customer relationships, which is lifetime value.
Tom Wilson: I guess I would say it’s impossible to variance analysis frequency for weather, gas prices, miles driven, good luck. So, I think we view frequency as within the expectations we had, which is why we are in the middle of the range that we committed to as 88 to 90, and we don’t see any big changes around that. Trying to specifically say that frequency was up or down on auto, I assume we talked about that.
Tom Wilson: It is related to weather, it has been very difficult to prove, we have tried for years to do that, but it gets difficult even if you use meteorological data by the amount of rainfall, amount of snow. If we felt all kinds of algorithms on it, but it mattered if you get freezing rain at 2 AM, it’s different than if you get it at 3.30 PM, because people on the road at 3.30 PM, there is not time to clean it up. So we have tried very hard to build it, we find it to be extra impossible at this point with the tools to have to do it. It doesn’t mean that we won’t get there eventually, right now, I don’t think we could say frequency was essentially flat in PD because of bad weather.
Tom Wilson: No, we couldn’t do that for you. First, we are not allowed to talk about RBC and their Illinois wall [ph], so it’s against the law to give our numbers out that way. Secondly, it’s a really complicated problem. You have covariance, you get all kinds of investment portfolio decisions. The thing to focus on is Matt understands his business well, he understands the components of returns, he believes that this action will drive returns up. So, we feel good about it.
Tom Wilson: I will make an overall comment, and maybe Joe want to jump in. In 2007, in focusing on all of our programs, we decided to focus on high lifetime value really multi-car homeowners and drove our activity in actions around that because we wanted to protect that base, because we felt we were going into an unstable environment. It was not, we didn’t think it was unstable as it was, otherwise we sold everything we had put in cash, and made ton of money. As it was, we worked our way through it, but that was an intentional decision on our part which is where you see that showing up in lack of growth in those years versus in ’04 and ’05, we were growing at 4% to 5% because we did exactly what you talked about, which was expand our focus. So, that’s how we got to worry, Joe might want to talk a little bit about where we are going from here.
Tom Wilson: Ian, if you will give me your number after the call, I will make sure we call you and offer you Your Choice Auto.
Tom Wilson: We are the only people in the industry who do it, we sell it, we did it because it is a differentiated product. We never expected that it would drive growth off the top of the charts, it was really about giving customers what they want, helping them understand the products better, so it’s simply package, it helps them remember what they have, do they have gold, platinum, or did they go with the value products, so they don’t get all hung up and you know, clause to page three of the contract. So, we are being customer-focused, building the products around them, it did lead to – we believe it lead to incremental growth, so they are trying to prove that is a little difficult, because we obviously sell a lot of auto insurance every year anyway. We do know that we sold more up than down as we got into the program, so that average premiums were up and we do know that retention was better for those people, because they knew what they had and they helped the sales processes better. As we move through this current recession, one of the great benefits of that product is we have seen a – if you look over from really, I think it was about middle of last – middle of, maybe it was even end of ’08 –
Tom Wilson: End of ’08 through the end of ’09, the number of people moving from platinum down to either gold, standard or value just went up. And so, what that shows is we have a relationship and a product structure that enables us to work with our customers overtime in a way that’s simple that they understand that enables them to manage your premiums which they have had to do in the second recession. So, I would say that it serves the purposes. We never that it was – competitors don’t give up their customers willingly. This is not a high turnover business in general. So, it’s not like you buy a new cup of coffee every day and most of people try to stay with us. So, it worked around retention, it’s got a lot of retention features built into it. But I would echo what Joe said is that as we look forward, those people who like Your Choice Auto tended to be those people who don’t shop as much.
Tom Wilson: As we expand more marketing, we need to expand to those people who are shopping more which is the challenge that he and his team have in front him now.
Tom Wilson: I am trying to find a balance between revenue guidance and insight into some of these. There teaches the actions that will come online very quickly. You know, measured more in months and there is pieces of it that will take a little longer, but all of that, we can get into this year.
Tom Wilson: I think what ends up happening, the profitability changes we need to make and deal with will be implemented in that time period. There are competitive dynamics and any those geographies that are impossible to predict.
Tom Wilson: I think Vinay, and I would love to help you with it, but we are going to have to stay inside our fairly lengthy and detailed disclosures already and let you work off of the components that we have there, otherwise at some point, we are going to get a little more detail in our competitive actions by state is going to be helpful for us.
Tom Wilson: We have a goal of course of getting a 15% return on equity in our business. We expected everybody to participate in getting to that level, but Vinay, Matt has quite a challenge in front of him, given that he’s down in the mid-single digits, so he’s got some work to do there. We don’t – that’s not a business you turn overnight, because it is a long-term business and I would like to describe the accounting as to Mr. Coffee. You pour everything in a cup and it just kind of drips out over a long period of time. So, it cut expenses, you know, it takes about 10 years to actually get it all into your ROE. So, he’s got some work ahead of him, but we haven’t given out specific targets as to what that business has to do, but I would go above it, and we do have to get returns up and Matt and his team will. The other thing is that business is quite helpful to our middle-income customers who need protection for life insurance, to protection at the work site, and need help in retiring. I think our challenge is, is to find ways to create products at a simple and easy for them to understand and can go to our system. And when we figure out how to do that, we will be creating good incremental returns going forward, and we will evaluate the business as to not only what is its overall return, but is the return on the new stuff we are doing and the growth and the ability to serve customers.
Tom Wilson: Pretty close, Terry. We don’t think dollar-for-dollar, the discounts drop to the bottom line over the long term. And we do think and I am trying to remember how you phrased the second part of your thought process.
Tom Wilson: We understand and measure and watch the impact of the profitability on these customer segments, but we just for competitive reasons can’t and won’t disclose it. So, we know what’s happening there. We do believe that the lifetime value over the long term is appropriate and sustainable and we believe that there are long-term aggregate profitability, we will be better off by doing this. Now, of course, we will put the discounts into play and we will have to see what happens in the marketplace with customers and their adoption in sales to confirm the accuracy there, but we are confident in its effectiveness.
Tom Wilson: Your advertising, how good your floating practices, your closing practices, do people want to buy, are you there when they want to call.
Tom Wilson: Yes, there’s lots going on there. So, I would say that overall we feel good about our competitive position, we feel even better about where we are headed in terms of pricing, what we are going to do with advertising, what we are going to do with expanding the target group of customers we have and the things that Joe talked about we need to do tactically in some states where we are not growing. We feel good about where we are going to go. So, I can’t tell you exactly why Progressive’s numbers are up, I think their flow is working as it seems like a good program. They are putting lots of money behind it. And they tend to do that when their programs are working according to their numbers in their economic recessional people. So, I would say we think we can hunt the people, we got a great brand, we got a great distribution system, you know, 12,000 local agencies. Our direct businesses up 27% this quarter, we sell to independent agencies. We have challenges in each of those that we work on every quarter and we talked about a lot of that today, but overall, we believe we can grow and will grow our businesses including standard auto, Allstate Financial, both Workplace and through the Allstate agencies at Allstate Financial so we can drive shareholder value. We have three things we need to do, get volatility down, get returns up in homeowners and Allstate Financial, and then grow the businesses. That will drive shareholder value.
Tom Wilson: And I would say you can never come to a conclusion that everybody is comparable as evidenced by the fact that all the advertising, everybody saves you somewhere between $3 and $100 and $500.
Tom Wilson: The matter is, Terry, every people don’t switch if they cost more. So, the ads, let’s say, if you switch, you save $500. Well, it’s sort of de facto true. I think what you can’t take from that comment though is you are still wide divergence in pricing for any individual customer in the marketplace and sophistication that enables you to win. I am not telling you got every sell right, every place and we are at the low, that’s not our goal. Our goal is to manage it in total. So, I don’t think you can say anybody is ever a parity in total.
Tom Wilson: There are broad discrepancies between the carriers on individual customers. I don’t think you can come to conclusion about where anybody’s overall prices and draw anything out of that. All you can really do is look and say how are they growing it out.
Tom Wilson: I would encourage you to think about our target combined ratio that we give you. We are going to be in the 88 to 90.
Tom Wilson: Yes, I would say we try to manage the business in total. The 88 to 90 is a full-year number. So, we of course try to be there every quarter because you don’t want to be outside the range and not get there, but we are right in the middle of the range this quarter. We expect we will stay in that range for the year. And so, as it relates to the average premium, yes it is up about 3%. If you look at loss costs, you don’t have the benefit of some of the stuff we see where you see like paid severities down on BI this quarter. We feel good about staying in the 88 to 90, we think that’s a good place where we can grow and necessary for us to have the profitability to continue to invest and grow. So, I don’t think you should read too much into the lines other than we said it will be in 88 to 90, and that’s where we would like to be.
Tom Wilson: Thank you for all of your questions today. Really you can see, this quarter is just really a continuation of the trends we have had over the last year-and-a-half or so, the things we have addressed successfully and that we will continue to do that. We do it a couple of ways. One is we are good at what we do and second we just take action and move forward. So, we do have three priorities there, improving customer loyalty, growing our businesses, and then reinventing protection of retirements so that we differentiate ourselves versus the competitors. When we do that, that should and will end up in reducing volatility, raising returns and growing the business which will end up driving shareholder value. So, thank you all for being patient with us. We will see you next quarter.
Joe Lacher: Terrific. Good morning Jay. Right question on auto PIP, and one of the things we are focusing on inside the organization, is recognizing there is marketplace forces where lots are driving towards auto growth and we are well in the hunt to deal with that, which is sort of little bit last year was some significant increases across in new business. And we had a couple of states where we had to temper that a little bit in the first part of this year and really a little bit in the last part of the fourth quarter of last year. That slowing in new business is helping drag down that PIP number a little bit. We do believe that that’ a near-term issue and are actively continuing on all the initiatives that Tom touched on and a number of more to improve customer loyalty and improve retention to make our value proposition clear in the marketplace and the competitiveness of our products cleared to drive crisper advertising message with focused spend there to drive callers and shoppers into our different distribution channels and potential new product initiatives later in the year. So, we are confident we are moving in the right direction, but you see near-term slowing. We are adding a fair amount of initiatives with PPD [ph] discounts and targeting our model on homeowners’ customers. So, we think those opportunities are showing fruit right now in the PPD discounts and will continue to bear fruit for us over the course of the rest of year as we drive these, our initiatives.
Joe Lacher: The discounts, I am sorry. I am speaking in internal code. The discounts for our target customers with bundled, auto, and home products. It’s going to be our highest life-time value customers and we are successfully attracting more of them with these discounts and making sure our competitive position is sharpest in those segments.
Joe Lacher: Some of what you are seeing, Josh, to give you an indication on it is the policy in force decline in homeowners exceeds the policy in force decline in auto. So, you are seeing some of the actions we are taking to drive homeowner’s profitability improvement causing a greater impact on our homeowners policy in force. Part of our issue is on the auto side. I mean, it’s simple as we are losing more customers than we are writing. The issue here is we got to drive our new business up. We have been working on those initiatives over the last several quarters and with success. We have the temper. Some of that new business drive a little bit in the late fourth quarter and the early part of this year. So, just a couple of states and are continuing to drive initiatives that we will work towards increasing that new business. At the same time, we are focusing on customer loyalty programs to improve our retention and you have seen that improve from an auto perspective. So, we are moving in the right direction.
Joe Lacher: Leveraging off of those comments, our Allstate Blue program is a more customer oriented and customer-friendly program and we are growing it at a much slower rate than we did the last time we drove our product initiative. There is some element of the non-standard marketplace that it’s not appropriate to sort of interact with it on a most customer-friendly orientation. There is a lot of complexity inside of that business in the operating model to make it run effectively and profitably, it’s somewhat different than you need in a standard and preferred marketplace. We are using our current programs now to sort of expand from our core, we will take the learnings there and leverage them to gradually and thoughtfully expand into that long-term attractive markets. But it won’t be at the pace that you saw us do it last time. Relative to Encompass, Encompass’ core business was a homeowners’ bundle business for relatively higher network in sort of the medium or middle-income America, and we are going to bring that business near term back to its core. We tried for a while to expand more significantly in that brand to a standard and near-standard auto play. And it didn’t match the distribution channel position that we had, the shelf space that we were occupying inside of agent’s offices and our operational capabilities weren’t as well matched to that as they needed to be. The core product offerings, the core niche of that business has provided to independents agents. It’s a good one a strong one and we are going to adjust our execution and focus around that and then build from there which you are going to see near term. It’s a continued retrenchment if you will to fix some of those items that will last for a couple of more quarters as we get refocused.Paul Newsome – Sandler O'Neill & Partners L.P: Great, thank you.
Joe Lacher: I think what Tom said, I am sure what Tom said was we look at lifetime value, which is the combination of acquisition costs, loss costs, how long we retain customers, there is a wholesome view inside of that, and we are going to be unable to give you or unwilling to give you as much information as you want because I think there is some competitive thought process underneath that, but we do take a broad view of the lifetime value of those customers. We recognize how that differs depending on what they buy and how they buy it. And we use that knowledge to adjust our pricing. We don’t have a point of view that derive everything to exactly the same margin. We know what those margins are, and we use the knowledge to be appropriate prices in the marketplace.
Joe Lacher: The discounts probably have some impact, but it’s not a dollar-for-dollar impact. Some impact on the combined ratio, because they do have other, they interact with other components, other than just acquisition costs, and what we tell you is we think that what it does is it will drive our capacity to increase earnings dollars and aggregate returns by attracting and keeping more customers.
Joe Lacher: Yes, and it’ a good question, Ian, in the context Tom provided an important one to understand how and why we are where we are, and I think we have a point of view similar to the underlying thought process in your question that there are customers out there that generate attractive returns that exceed our return targets. They may not be as higher returning customers as our current highest lifetime value customers, but it’s an attractive business opportunity for us, and we are going to increase our focus and ability to capture those customers.
