Steve Shebik: So, what we - it’s Steve. The results that we look at, as you know, from our reserving processes is we do a quarterly review, bottoms up. We have - the reserving department reports to me, I’m separate from our business unit and we look, as you indicated, year-by-year we look at virtually every states. We have a very specific program, methodology both mathematically and quantitative, qualitatively as we walk through the results. We look at by line of business. We look at tremendous amount of details. So, the actual results that you are seeing are based on across multiple lines and across multiple of our prior years. You will see in the 10-K that we filed, we have some additional information. It would give you a little more details of the specific years. But quarterly it’s not just like 2015 or ‘14. It goes back to the full year, which is the nature of our business and the length of the tail of our bodily injury type coverage’s in addition to the short tail you might see that we generally would report earlier in the year.
Steve Shebik: The frequency shows up immediately, right, because we do it based on count. Some people do target loss ratios. That’s not the way we do most of our reserving. We do it with some lines of business, but what happens is, of course, some people say, well, we think we are going to get 70 loss ratio, so they take 1000 a premium and they book 700 of loss and that’s not the way we do it in our business, because of the short tail nature of it. So, what you see is what you get. There is also a little bit of movement between quarters. So, as we - which doesn’t show up in the triangles in the 10-K but we adjust as we go throughout the year to reflect what we are seeing in the specific year.
Steve Shebik: I think you are over reading into what we said about, there are normal inflationary cost embedded in our BI. So I'm not - other people there might they are saying they got lots of stuff in its driving, ours just is normal like and we incur it that way. We show you page, but that’s not the way - we used space to help and think about how we reserve but it is not the way we are trying to P&L. We are trying to P&L on what we think is going to happen using it is normal and it may answered you question on the slight of the longer perspective on the combined ratio so we had great returns in the auto insurance business group, twelve plus year, we showed that the market was going to give us the economic rent based on the value we provided and then in 2015, we had a huge spike in frequency in severity and as Matt said we don’t like, we like to always turn better and so we had to move quickly, our team did, they executed well and we moved those returns up. Are we back to the return we had for that period of time like, no but are we fundamentally different position today, where we feel like what we should be thinking about how we get there or what period time we get there and then whether we can and that’s the process, that’s Allstate brand. Esurance is a slightly different position, it's had a good movement throughout the year picked up mostly in the first half of the year, we are watching the fourth quarter because it bumped up a little bit and if its frequency and severity trends increase, it does the same think that Matt described, it is now, that’s whatever happens. We feel like we have had some good success this year as one of you pointed out, we finally managed to get some underwriting income out of that business and we are happy that now position well and so we got - it is in the same place. We are feeling good about the process and the way the machine works here, they help us manage whatever comes our way and that’s what you are buying. You are buying the machine, not somebody's projection and frequency and severity.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I’ll make the one overall perspective and then Matt will give you some specifics. I would not interpret this quarter as that was then and this was now. That was going back to where we were. Miles driven were still up to the quarter. People continue to drive more than they have in the past. Accidents tends to be more frequent distracted driving [ph]. I would not want you to take away from the fourth quarter that we are headed back to where we were. Matt can talk about where we are in pricing and we are up almost a $100 for a policy in auto insurance premiums which is quite substantial, which gives us more flexibility to pursue the growth you are talking, but Matt can talk about that.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: While, I can't speak that what it means with respect to others. It is as you described mostly auto, it is really not a big percentage by the way total reserves and loss cost, when you look there is a normal variation in making the estimate when you are looking out anywhere from two to four years to get claims resolved strictly in BI which tend to stretch out three to four years. There is nothing unusual about we had reserve related much greater than that over time and so I don’t think you should breath anything into it other than we conservatively estimate what we think are our last costs are and to the extend we wind those years up and not as much cash went out as we estimated and it shows that from P&L. 
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Amit, this time let me add. So, from our standpoint in pricing, it’s only the now. It’s like we look at what the frequency and severity is. We think - we look at it at that moment. It might be March, April, May, it might be August and whatever it is, we look at the previous [indiscernible]. And so we don’t have a fixed assumption toward the year on frequency and severity that is used in pricing. As Matt’s explaining it’s very organic. So, when you are doing your models, of course, you are looking and saying what’s the frequency and severity assumption looking forward and you have to put something in and then you have to put in something for price. We do that continuously by state, by some piece of the state every day. And so, if frequency is 2 points higher, then we’ll take 2 points more for rate. If it’s 2 points lower, then we will decide whether we think that’s reasonable or not. Unlikely we will lower our rates, but we may choose to invest more in expenses to begin to grow the business and that’s why our range is what it is. With the 87, 89 range we’re completely comfortable with. There is, as you know, obviously a 1 to 2 point variation if you add up frequency and severity over the course of the year. And so, - and to an extent, but we don’t want you to think, so we lowered the range from where it was in 2016. This does not mean that we think you should take 2016 numbers and lower that by the same amount. That’s just not the way we do it. It’s not the way we run the business.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, Jay, it’s Tom. So, I think you should think about - we still have $651 million yet to go, so you can put that in the bank that we fully expect to get it done by the time its authorization is up which is late in 2018 based on the pace we are going, it looks like it will be done sooner than the authorization. And then we look at where we are in terms of capital and we’ll make the same judgment that we make every other year, which is between net and the dividend, how much cash can we return to shareholders, if we don’t have a use for it, we’ll return it. So, share repurchases will continue to be part of what we do, but we don’t have a set number that we are ready to tee up because we still got ways to go on the existing share repurchase program.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: So, how much do you think the pace of rate increases in Allstate brand auto insurance could slow? It’s on the extremely successful 75% you had this year. Sorry, Jay, I was just helping out.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: We just bought it as you know Bob, last month, we don’t have any update on numbers. We are obviously working hard at - coming up with what’s the split between goodwill and intangibles are. I missed your second question.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: The good will, only intangibles are amortized and they are excluded from operating income, that’s definition of operating income.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Let’s do that. Thank you all for participating if you go to slide 13, there is good reasons as to why this is good investment, why it should continue to hold Allstate, we are positioned with profitable growth and we know how to move in our market place well and we are building long-term growth platforms along the way as well. Thanks so much, we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Matthew Winter: Good morning, Elyse. It’s Matt. Let me follow on to Tom’s comments. First, I think about this in three different components. First, the rate environment, the way I would describe it is that we have completed some of the work necessary to kind of catch up to that spike in auto frequency that we saw over the last 18 months and so you saw a fairly dramatic increase in rate taken in order to catch up quickly and try to get that to appropriate margins. And we believe with some exceptions in a few states, but in the vast majority of places we have not caught up and now we are in the mode of keeping up with emerging trends. So, we don’t know what this year will bring or next year, but we are now positioned very well in order to be able to react quickly and to keep up with trends as they emerge. Having caught up, it gives us a little freedom to do something that we were unable to do over the last couple of years. One of which is to begin adding agencies again and points of presence is extremely important for us to enable growth and that point of presence not only agencies but the licensed sales professionals and financial specialists that go along with them, it is hard to do when you are focused intentionally on taking rate and dealing with disruption that causes but now that we are in a slightly more stable environment. We are able to focus on that strategic deployment once again. The second thing that we are hoping to do is to stem the retention losses and declines that we had growth, overall growth in items in four says you know there is a combination of new business growth and retention and it is a vicious treadmill if retention keeps declining since very hard to add enough new business to make up for that loss. We saw slight stabilization in the decline in this last quarter that makes sense to us since we took huge amount of rate in the second quarter of 2016 and so most of that has burned through already in customers and dealt with disruption already. To the extent we are able to keep more moderate rate increases at this point in time we believe customer disruption will be mitigated, will be able to hold on to more customers and I am in this business die. The third component is the competitors environment and well we took fair amount of predecessors and we are questioning for reacting quickly about 18 months ago, I think that has been to our benefit I think most if not all of our competitors and recognized some increased frequency and many chases are reacting only recently from a rate taking perspective. That type of rate taking from our competitors create, shopping behavior in their customers and to the extend we are better positioned, we have increased agency capacity and our agents are ready willing enable to serve those customers, we should be in a very good position to pick up more of those customers from a new business perspective. So it is really a combination of all those items of improving retention, being in a position to capture more new business and hopefully in a more stable rate environment disrupting fewer customers.
Matthew Winter: Let's go to next question because we got like about 12 people on line here okay. We will come back to you if we have time.
Matthew Winter: Okay Greg, well let me try - I don’t have the actual agency demographics in front of me and I don’t want to go based upon memory but I can tell you that we have over the last several years engaged in a different type of recruiting and selection process for agency owners, both in terms of geographic and in terms of demographic. I think as you know we have historical presence on the coast and that has served us well and we have been able to grow well there. We have not done as well in terms of strategic deployment and some of the heart land states in the lower premium stage and we have a concentrated effort to do that. In terms of the people that we are bringing on, I would say that we've done an what I considered an excellent job of using data analytics and some of the projective tools available to us to better select people who will thrive in our new environment and we talk a little bit about our shift to trusted advisor mode but the type of agency owner and licensed sales professional that would have thrived maybe 10 or 15 years ago will not be the same type of person that we are looking to now because to drive in the next 10 to 15 years. The trusted advisor model is much more relationship and advisory oriented, it is much more technology driven. It requires people who really want to get out there and use data analytics and technology themselves to serve customers to be able to really advise them about the risk that they take on in their lives and how to mitigate those risks. It requires somebody who is to more sophisticated about money management, so that they help our customers manage their cash flows as well as manage their risks. So the type of agency owner we were bringing on and licensed sales professional will bring you on - I feel very confident is one designed for the future and we had a decline in most of 2016. We saw a pickup in the last quarter about 200 licensed sales professional and that is really key for us and when you look at our agencies, we will be shifting - we always had a focus on increasing the number of agencies because we believe physical points of presence are important, but agency capacity is just as important so the number of licensed sales professionals and their specialization, their ability to sell life and retirement, commercial insurance all of the different customer household lines, homeowners, their ability to specialize segment of licensed sales professionals so that they can really focus on serving customers is going to be key and so I think from a demographic perspective we are certainly creating a type of feel towards better way of serving customers in the future.
Matthew Winter: Sure Greg, well first I am going to ask you to resist the natural tendency to think that growth is only a factor of price. Certainly rate and price competitors as a component but it is certainly not all of it and some of things I just talked about with trusting advisor, better serving our customers and better famous process and more focused advisory system, the ability to do enforced reviews and annual reviews on their holdings, that’s all a piece of retention and that’s all a part of growth. But you are correct shopping behavior is typically triggered by price changes and to the extend our competitors are now taking additional rate and fairly significant chunks because they are catching us as we were about 12 to 18 months ago. That will trigger if it is likely to trigger shopping behavior and their customers and if we have already gone through that and are stable I believe we will be better positioned to potentially add some of those customers and begin serving them as all state customers.
Matthew Winter: Randy, it is Matt and I will try to answer that. There is loads of data out there about the correlation between miles driven and additional accident frequency but this is also that about increased deaths from increased fatalities, because the seriousness and [indiscernible] and we've talked about and I think we are seeing mounting evidence of the increased influence of distracted driving on that combination and the issue is this. People if we work constantly to that cell phones for many years and so actually cell phone use hasn’t spike up that tremendously but in fact Smartphone ownership in U.S. has spiked up dramatically and when we look at Smartphone ownership statistics and Smartphone use and compare to accident frequency the correlation is great. So when you have increased miles driven due to increased economic driving, lowering gas prices so increase leisure driving. Yeah, the increased number of drivers on the road that means lower margin for error because you used to have maybe 10 cars packed into the space and now you have 15 and so even if there was distraction before you had great reaction time before, now with increased density you don’t have as greatest space to react in and so we are seeing increased accidents. We saw a spike in that, and that’s what we have reacted to so when we say and I think the comment I made a few minutes ago is really important when you said there is a difference between saying things stabilize and saying things will revert to where they were before. We don’t think accident frequency is reverting to where it was in 2012 or 2013 or 2014. What we are saying is the spike is over and it is now stabilized at a new norm and we think at least our belief is and our assumptions for all of our future work is that we are at that new norm and heightened accident frequency due to the greater economic activity, greater density of cars on the road and the greater use of Smartphone’s and distracted driving in the car.
Matthew Winter: Oh trial bar, so that’s a - I think more of a severity question than a frequency question. Yeah, you have heard some of our competitors talk about combination of medical inflation and the trial bar influence on severity cost. I think to some extend we have seen, we've seen many of those same things but I would like to think we have been doing work on claims management, claims handling for the last several years as we saw those trends emerging. And that led to some of the work that we talked about - that influenced the BI frequency and the BI severity trends that you see that we reported on last quarter. I will remind you that we did have a process change and we talked about that last quarter. We encouraged you then and I will encourage you now to look at the BI frequency and severity in combination because the claimant frequency had led to the increase in severity. We start really high and I will remind you that our number one commitment is always to take customers and claimants what we properly owe them. That being said there is claims management techniques to ferry out and eliminates fraud and wastage that don’t compromise on that promise and that’s what we have done. We began referring some enhanced documentation of entries and related medical treatment to ensure we were paying properly and that did change the mix of claims paid. In 2015, about 3rd of BI claims page were below the $1000, in 2016 that has dropped to about quarter leaving us with fewer but higher severity claims. So that’s what you see a change payment mix, it is still inline when you move all that around and you rationalize the two. We believe it is still in line with medical inflation, we are comfortable with our incurred loss transfer for BI and Steve said in his response to the reserving question. Don’t confuse some of these operational claims statistics with profitability and reserving, when we are setting reserves, when that team is working on the reserves they know about the claims process enhancements, they take the impact of those changes into account when setting reserves, they are doing very sophisticated segmented analysis and so while the claims process changes will influence those statistics you see on page severity and page frequency they are not influencing the reserves.
Matthew Winter: Well thank you for that question, so it's Matt again. Look this is what we do, so I don’t mean to be [indiscernible] about it, but we have really talented teams, people monitoring these trends on a stage and sub-geographies, sub-state level whose job is to watch net trends emerging and look at indications and ensure that we are keeping up with them as quickly as possible, consistent with actuarial standards so that you can file toward the rates and convince our state regulated to prove those rates. And this is what we have always done and we think we are well positioned to do it and in fact coming out of a spike like this one of the benefits is always that a benefit of going through something like this, it hyper focused us and those troubling segments of the business and allowed us to take segmented rates on those parts of the business so that we can improve our loss ratios as quickly as possible. So, we believe that we have a high quality book at this point. We believe that we know the segments that we need to keep an eye on or we believe we’ve gotten those headwinds rate adequate at this point. And so, we feel very comfortable with being able to manage some continued inflation and some continued rise in escalation in some of these costs. I will remind you that if we go through that, we will not be going through that alone. Our competitors will be going through the exact same thing and we think that we have an advantage with our skill in reacting quickly. We have an excellent relationship with the state regulators. Our teams have their respect. And so, when we do a filing, it’s a complete thorough filing and we have an extremely high approval ratio and the ability to get rates into the book as quickly as needed.
Matthew Winter: I wish I could tell you. I can only tell you that we’ve done catching up as I stated earlier. So, when you are in catch-up mode, you are sprinting and you are taking as much as you can in order to get rate adequate and to clean up the booking and get to where you are earning in appropriate return on the business and it feels like in about probably three quarters of the states we will be reducing that level of rate we will not be taking the kind of rate we took in 2016. That being said, if we see additional pressure, we are going to take that. So, I keep coming back to the same thing that both Tom and I have said during this call, we do have some assumptions about where loss costs are going to go next year, but they are just that. They are just assumptions and they are not a plan. Our plan is to keep up with loss costs as they emerge and take rate necessarily in order to do that. So, to the extent the reality meets our forecast and we have a stabilization of frequency trends and severity trends where they are now. I will expect us to see moderated rate need as we are keeping up with what is more normal inflationary trends at that point.
Matthew Winter: Yeah, Sarah, thanks for the question. I was hoping Tom would have asked this so we would have asked it differently. - We still have room to improve, I think we feel really good about the progress we have made and we feel like we are earning under appropriate return on our investment at this point, but it is not our target return yet and we will continue to and that’s makeable levers that’s the claims management, that expense sufficiency that is additional rate, additional work on quality as a book, it is correct class work, it’s underwriting work, all of the things that we did really, really strongly to get that to profitability, but all of those levers at the same levels as we need to continue to pull or just - now we can dial them instead of pulling them really hard, we can dial them carefully and thoughtfully to get that targeted returns but a lot closer than we have been for a while to where we wanted to be but our work is not over.
