Jess Merten: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Greg, what I would start with is, I think it's important to be clear on one thing. At the end of every quarter, we record reserves at an appropriate level based on all the information that we have in front of us. We did that at the end of Q3 and every quarter leading up to Q3. We followed the same process that we have in the past. It's a rigorous process. It leverages internal actuarial expertise, close collaboration with our claims team and third-party reviews to analyze the most current data and assess the impact on that data on our reserves. . As I look at the quarter, the variability that we've seen continue to come through in the data that we reviewed as part of our actual process. So Q3 data supported more recent trends and continued variability in reserve development. And while these trends weren't new, an additional quarter of data did provide new insights into the persistent nature of the trends that have been emerging. So insights from actual claims development in the quarter, led us to strengthen both prior year reserves and increase our report year 2022 ultimate severities. So as I take a step back and think about where we're at from a reserve perspective, we record appropriate reserves based on what we know at the time. We used current data and all known factors to establish the reserves. So I'm confident in what we set up. And I think that the new insights that we cleaned in Q3 caused us to make the move.
Jess Merten: That's a pretty complete answer, Tom. But I think the important point is that the proactive capital management that really relies on our robust economic capital approach, which looks at risk on a granular basis and takes that information to understand capital needs in an enterprise level. Premium surplus only looks at one dimension of risk and capital, and we use a more complete set of measures and metrics to establish capital levels, as Tom laid out. So I just think it's important. We're cognizant of and we monitor regulatory capital requirements, rating agency capital benchmarks, all in our proactive capital management process. But I feel the same way that Tom does it that we certainly have plenty of money to execute on our strategies and continue to implement our profit improvement plan. So nothing more to add, Tom.
Jess Merten: I don't have anything more than that. I think we did move some capital down into the Life company. at 1 point, Tom. But I think that certainly is no longer an issue, but that's the last thing that I remember. Mario? .
Thomas Wilson: Elyse, let me answer that and Jesse can jump in. First, in terms of the dividends, we move -- first, we make sure that each of the insurance subsidiaries that large ones are appropriately capitalized based on what we think economic capital is just that with the rating agencies, whether it's an investor, others, think we should have in those and then what regulators want. So -- and we're really well capitalized at those. To the extent there is extra capital in those, we then move that out of the insurance companies into the holding company is just point out because that gives us more flexibility. As we look forward next year, it will depend how much money we make. I think in some of the announcements, like we have really strong earnings power and when you look at our profitability of our auto insurance, we think it's headed up. So we think there's plenty of earnings power. Whether that and where we think risk is and what we need to do with risk will depend on the overall enterprise risk portfolio. So for example, not covered in some of these things, we dialled down the risk for our investment portfolio late last year as a percentage of our total enterprise capital because we didn't think it was a good risk return trade-off. So we're constantly managing where do we want to move capital where do we want to make sure we get a good return on it. So we don't feel like we are capital constrained at all. Did we consider shutting the program down in total? No. We think we have plenty of moments of $5 billion of massive share repurchase program, a large 4 of which a portion of which was funded because we sold the life insurance company. and we said we should get that money back to the cat shareholders. So we have a historical track record of doing this extremely well. We're a top decile amongst the S&P of providing cash returns to shareholders. And we do that without putting our customers at risk of the company is. So we feel like we're in really good shape.
Thomas Wilson: We've had -- essentially to say, from certainly my standpoint, no conversations with regulators about our cap levels because we're so well capitalized -- I might start there. And that's been true forever and it will be true far into the future. And so the regulators really were so far above their standards. It's not really been a conversation. I can't speak to how other people look at their premium surplus ratio. I think some of our competitors who don't make money in homeowners should have even more than we do. Because when you look at your capital it's -- okay, what do we think the risk is? What is the risk of loss. But you also want to factor in your earnings power. And so if you're losing $0.10 on a dollar, on a line of business, then you have to hold more capital than if you're making $0.10 on the line of business. So I think it's all very idiosyncratic to a specific company. . We factor all of those things in by state really and even sometimes looking down at different components of the state to decide what price we should get per customer from customers, how much business we want to write and then how much capital we have to keep in the company. So I feel very good about where we're at.
Thomas Wilson: Well, the PIF decline was, of course, in the Allstate brand versus in total because we went up in the independent agent channel, but it's intentional. And I would tell you that it's actually the decline was less than we thought it would be. When you look at historical price sensitivities on what your customer retention is, our retention is held up better than you would think from historical trends. It's hard to do attribution down to the specific item, but when you look at it, we'd say, first, the competitive position -- our competitors are also raising rates. So as we raise rates, we thought more people would leave, but less did. It could be because our competitors are also raising rates. Consumers still have a fair amount of cash in their bank accounts, so that helps. They also know that their houses and cars are worth more. So it makes sense to them that they should have to pay more for insurance, when explained to them. And I think that's the value of our Allstate agents at this point. they're out working hard to make sure our customers understand why the prices are going up. And then as Mario mentioned, they'll help them work to figure out how do they get the right price. So this is a case where like our mile-wise product is really helpful for people because if you're, say your senior citizen, you don't drive much and you should go to Milewise and save a bunch of money by not paying more. So when you look through all those together, we expected our auto PIF to go down more in the Allstate brand than it did. But we're happy that we're keeping the customers because with the price increases we've put through that will be good shareholder value creation when we start earning the rates.
Thomas Wilson: Tracy, we always work with external people and looking at our reserves. So we obviously have Deloitte & Touche to our auditors, but we also have an external actuary in called -- which is KPMG, which provides the statutory reports for our regulators. We look at all of their stuff. We just had a detailed review with Deloitte & Touche a couple of weeks ago, and their view ties closely to ours. .
Thomas Wilson: We don't put ranges in the financials. We put up what we -- as Jesse said, like we put up what we think the future liability is and we pick a number, and that's where we do it. And we're comfortable with the number and that number is very close to what our external participants or external health thinks and thought historically, by the way. So it isn't like we were in -- we built a very similar views at the end of the second quarter, end of the first quarter and end of the third quarter, and they are -- they believe that the actions we've taken are appropriate.
Thomas Wilson: We don't manage it that way. I just showed the level of cash we would have after we used deployable capital to finish the share repurchase program, you can see it's still well above our fixed charges, which we intentionally managed to keep at a modest level, which is even though we increased the dividend by about 50% a year ago, we tried to give a lot of money back to shareholders through share repurchases. So we don't have a multiple -- if you had a multiple and you also have to factor in how much money you're going to make over the next 12 months. And obviously, our fixed charge coverages historically have been terrific. So we don't have a -- like don't go below this because we've never even been close.
Thomas Wilson: David, let me answer that, and Jesse, you can add anything else to it. So first, the reserving process uses all types of statistical analysis, triangles, link ratios, all sorts of different things. So there's no real like just 1 percentage. I think we look at it by state, by line of business, by coverage. And so it's slice and dice a whole bunch of way. So there's no really simple way to answer that. I think what I would say about you're trying to get comfortable with the reserves. It really starts -- you got to go back to say, well, what's happening in the world. And during the pandemic, we noticed when people weren't on the roads, people were driving a lot faster because there is -- they could zip around and there was no traffic and off they went. Once we get through the pandemic, at least in our data, we see people still driving pretty fast, but as a result of that, you have more severe accidents, and that trend appears to be holding. We thought that, that trend might come down because when the little ones are sort of bumps in scratches and stuff, which happen in congested traffic. Today, those, as you saw from Jesse's numbers have not gone back up and the major ones have not gone down. So people are just driving faster and hurting people more. So you have to figure out, okay, well, what are you going to do take care of it. Those are really complicated cases. I mean people have surgery, they have all kinds of services, and those services are more expensive, and they take longer to develop. So if you really severely injured, it could take 6 months, nine months, two years before you really figure out how you get back to where you should be, and it costs a lot of money and takes a lot of time. And so those cases develop over a longer period of time. So it isn't so much that it's just -- we use the same process as procedures, but as these things develop, it really comes back to -- our customers are just in a lot more severe actions and people are getting hurt, and we need to make sure we have the liability up to cover that. And that's what we did this quarter. So we said, okay, this is really continuing. Most of these are still severe. And as they develop, then you have to put the money up.
Thomas Wilson: Yes. But it's not just 1 item, I would say. So you can't pin it on just those now more majors. There's more majors. The majors are harder to estimate. They're taking longer to settle. There's more legal costs associated with settling those, and so you have to factor that in. So there's a whole bunch of factors that relate to it. So we look at it. We're comfortable we've put up the right amount of money. And what other companies do and what they're reserving are -- some people use less specific processes that we do, some processes react faster or slower to trends in the marketplace. But the important thing is we use the same process is have external views, and we all think this is the right amount of money.
Thomas Wilson: Well, I'm address embedded in all of this, there's a lot of good news on transformative growth that we really don't have a chance to talk about it. One is that which you talked about, which was expanding customer access is the second key lever. And that included selling direct under the Allstate brand at 7% less than it was sold through Allstate agents. And there was some concern amongst investors as to would the agents walk away and would you have a decline in volume there? And the answer is no. That is the underlying assumption that they would continue to be focused on getting more new customers given what we did to the compensation plan was true. . If you look at new business from the Allstate agents, you can see that's where it was a year ago, even though there are fewer Allstate agents out there. And then if you look at the retention numbers, as I mentioned, I think our agents are doing a great job for us talking to customers whose price changes. And so we feel good that, that part of the expanding access, all of our underlying assumptions prove to. We also have really improved our web-based and the call center close processes. So we're getting much better at selling through those two vehicles. We obviously dialled the advertising way down this year because we don't want to take on new business and then have to raise the price 15% or 20% the first time. So while you don't see the benefit of those improved processes come through new business, but when we get auto profitability improved, we feel good about the underlying assumptions we made in transformative growth and our progress in making those realities. So we're feeling good about where that's headed.
Thomas Wilson: So thank you all for dialing in. As we move forward, we have a couple of things in front of us. One, we have to improve auto insurance margins, while making sure we continue to invest and transform the growth so that we can grow market share and then continuing to expand our other protection services businesses, which also had a great quarter. So thank you and we will talk to you in December.
