Tom Wilson: Greg, good question. Let me -- so first, the transformative growth is about increasing market share in personal profit liability. It's got a couple of components at the core of that is being low-cost insurance but also about raising customer value and also about being available to people however they want to get to a specter segment and the customers. So I would say at this point, we've proven out that the underlying assumptions that we had made going into it work. So we know that lower price raises close right. We know that's true. We know that being available through more people, whether that's through different bundling with exclusive agents through independent agents or direct also works and we can do that. We know we can raise customer value, as you saw on the slide there, I didn't dig go into it but the new sales process is really slick. I mean it pops up with offers that are specifically for you, you don't have to pick your deductible, you don't have to go through a bunch of questions. People don't pick the deductible for you. It's fast, it's slick, then the renters piece which is in the middle one, takes less than a minute and we're finding great ways to attach more protection by making it simpler for customers. We're also making it more connected which is in the right-hand side. And so we relaunched the. We think that people are going to have fewer apps on their phone going forward. So having an app where people could just access either look at their bill or get their ID card is helpful but it's not compelling. So we are expanding that. So you'll see on their gas body. You can get figure out how to save money on buying gas which is, of course, directly related to what we do. We have a whole bunch of other things that we've either added or going to add. For example, we are really terrific on crash detection with our telematics experience through Arty and do that through Light 360 and it's a terrific product. So there's a variety of things we're doing to expand that. As it relates to expenses, we're continuing to invest in this. I don't know that I would say it's over expense it's just we have an objective. We have to lower our overall expenses. We're after that but we're not backing off on investing in the new technology. One of the things that we've proved out the underlying assumptions was can we build the technology to do what you see on that screen. And the answer is yes. We've built it, it's out -- it's working, it's rolling. We need to scale it but we have high confidence that it's scalable. So -- you should expect us to continue to find ways to reduce cost to live into this. But I don't think like there's like -- we're running hot in expenses today because of that. As it relates to the various segments of customers, we want to sell as many people as we can as much stuff as we can. However they want to come. If you want an agent, we'll give you an agent. We just have to make sure it's cost is what you're prepared to pay and they do what you want. -- whether that's an exclusive agent or an independent agent. And if you want to buy direct for the company, you want to buy to call so you want to buy on the web. We just want to make it as simple and easy as you can which we think is differentiated in the marketplace.
Tom Wilson: Yes. I mean, of course, it all depends. Mario can give you some color as well. But it all depends what happens in California, New York and New Jersey. But let me be very clear, we are not going to continue to lose -- 4 digits in millions in those 3 states. So far, Mario has talked about us getting smaller by not growing we've executed that. The next step is to not be able to serve customers who we want to serve because we can't afford to those $0.20 on the dollar. Mario, do you want to comment on? Like we've been talking -- it's not like this as we just figured this out or they're not aware of.
Tom Wilson: Neither. And nor was it in relationship to any shareholder asking us to pursue a sale. I know a few of you wrote about. Let me just tell you what it is. So -- we're selling the businesses because it's the best way to capture the value credit. They're terrific businesses. I mean we make almost $0.25 billion a year. And we get a good platform, they have low capital requirements. We like the businesses. When we look forward to the future, though, we said we think we can harvest more growth from it if we had more complementary distribution, a broader set of products, capabilities such as network management of a health network like manage that. Those are things that we don't have today. We said we can build those it would take us time and money. On the other hand, we could access those that already exist. But that requires us to let go the success we've created. So we decided to choose the latter path. It had nothing to do with a shareholder coming to us and saying, you should sell this had nothing to do with needing the money, it has everything to do with this is the right way to manage your company to optimize shareholder value which is sometimes you have to let go of the success you've created.
Tom Wilson: These are low capital businesses. So this First, I would say, on the price high would be the appropriate message I'd like you to carry out there because we do like the businesses a lot. Secondly, they're pretty low capital businesses. So whatever the sale price is, will generate additional capital. And then we'll decide what we want to do when we get there. We've got plenty of other growth opportunities. We're doing a lot with to grow market share and profit liability. We don't need to make that decision right now, so we're not going to.
Tom Wilson: There's -- we have all the options that you would have to use capital. Organic growth to buying shares back. All those options are out there. We have no set plans for the capital. Right now, we're focused on -- this is a great business. We can help it be an even greater business by letting go of it. So that's what we're going to do.
Tom Wilson: Well, we look at it from an enterprise risk and return standpoint. So the first thing we do is say, how much capital do we want to allocate to the investment portfolio. And then John and his team figure out how they best want to allocate that amongst various asset classes. So John may want to make a comment on where we are at today. I would point out that if you look at Slide 14, we made the right calls at the right time.
Tom Wilson: Well, the Property-Liability business is a little different than the life business in terms of matching to liabilities. In the life business scores, we have a set maturity date and you can factor in some stuff and you figure out let's match that off. In the Property-Liability business, of course, the liabilities are much shorter but then they're naturally recurring. So you pay off 1 claim and you get another one. Is that a separate claim or -- and so if you match it to that, you'd be having here for 90 days for a physical damage claims. So it's really more about liquidity and overall risk management. And I would also point out a large part of our set capital is there in case we mess up on underwriting income. And so that has a really long duration on it.
Tom Wilson: Let me David maybe a couple of thoughts. First, there's a lot of analysis on it. People want to tend to like assume that it's a straight line. And actually, there's competition for the customer amongst all of those. So our effort to reduce the cost that Mario talked about in providing an agent is to give customers better value which should take share away from some of the other 2. The independent agents also are a good place people want to come where they don't want to just buy from an insurance company. They want somebody to shop around for them and want them to do the work for it. On the direct channel, obviously, with increased connectivity, the direct channel has certainly grown. But it's also growing a lot because billions of dollars of advertising going to it. So it's an overall ecosystem, I guess, I would say. And so we look at it and like, we want to be there. People want to have buy from a company like Allstate. Allstate brand name, want to go to that agent. We want to be there for that person with everything they have. The same thing if they want someone to shop or on them, don't want to do the work. We want to be in that independent agent channel. And then in a direct channel, if they want to buy directly then. And what we are doing is using the technology between those various things make it an even better value proposition. So we showed you that cell phone which had the 3 offers in it. Imagine an agent now being able to not have to ask you a whole bunch of stuff; what's your deductible, what kind of stuff. But we pre-populate it with, here's what we think David's deductible should be, offer David this package you put them in a different position. So we look at it really as sort of organic and it moves between there. And we want to be there for all of our customers. So it's not like we think 1 is going to win and the other is going to lose. It's just a constant competition to just do a better job for the customers that want to buy it that way. Jonathan, we'll take one more question.
Tom Wilson: So let me close with 4 points which summarize kind of the conversation we had. What's going to drive shareholder back profitability increases, strategic capital allocation great investment returns and then transform growth long-term sustainable growth. We think those 4 things combined make this a great opportunity. Thank you very much. We'll see you next quarter.
Mario Rizzo: Just to give you a little additional color across the 3 states. And Tom is right, we've been talking about this all year and we've taken pretty significant actions to restrict new business volumes and it's down like we talked about earlier, about 75%. We've got 3 significant rates pending rate pending across all 3 states. We have an auto rate in California that we filed back in May, I believe, 35% we've got a 29% filing pending in New Jersey. We implemented rates in New York ranging from high single digits to low double digits or low teens across our opening closed books middle of the year. We just filed for another 18.3% in New York auto. So we've got significant rates pending with the department. As Tom mentioned, where we're at now is we need action those filings in the fourth quarter. And if we can't, then we believe the right thing to do for the customers in the other 47 states as well as for our shareholders is to take additional action to get smaller across all 3 of those states and that's what we would do beginning next year if we can't get resolution on the rate filings that are currently pending.
Mario Rizzo: Marley, this is Mario. I'll answer your question. So I would -- where I would start is going back to the different components of our auto profit improvement plan, taking rate increases, reducing costs, restricting new business in states where we aren't achieving target levels of profitability and improving operational processes and claims what you're describing around more in-person inspections is a component of that fourth piece of improving operational processes. We believe that by doing more physical inspections doing more oversight broadly of both in-network and out-of-network shops as well as doing the same thing on the property side as well that we'll be able to identify opportunities pay what we owe but also not pay for, say, things like pre-existing damage or in total loss cases, cars that could be repaired versus replace. So we think doing more in-person physical inspections in addition to continuing to leverage quick photo claim capabilities is the right thing to do to best manage loss cost going forward and that's what we intend to do to ensure that we're operationally excellent in claims and again, paying what we owe but eliminating any leakage in the system and we're prepared to invest in the claims organization to be able to execute on that. So in terms of the expense ratio, the LAE ratio as part of our adjusted expense ratio. We're still committed to hitting the 23 by the end of next year. The investments we'll make in claims are inclusive of that goal. We think we can do both.
Mario Rizzo: Sure. So we'll start with medical inflation. And you'll note that we talked about our severity expectations in auto being about 9% currently which has improved from the 11% we talked about last quarter. All that improvement came from physical damage coverages. Our outlook on casualty and injury severity is unchanged. It didn't get worse but it's consistent with where we were last quarter. And the drivers behind that continue to be medical inflation more attorney representation, higher levels of treatment being pursued kind of all the components of both kind of economic and social inflation that have driven injury severities up. Overtime, those will continue to be headwinds for us. But as we -- again, as I talked about on the physical damage side, as we've adapted our claims processes to take into account those inflationary trends, we've seen some good progress. So we're looking to settle claims earlier in the cycle and we've seen a real improvement in terms of reduction in pending injury claims as well as faster settlement times on injury claims. We're using things like analytics and testing AI models to identify accidents where injuries are likely and those that have a higher likelihood of potentially being represented by attorney so that we can further accelerate claimant contact time and get out ahead of the process and manage the overall claim process. So we're doing things proactively to help mitigate some of those inflationary impacts. And we'll continue to do that. And like I said, we did see some stability in injury severity trends during the quarter.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. So again, I would characterize the most recent set of changes as a continuation of what we started really several years ago which was intended to drive higher levels of productivity in the exclusive agent distribution system but also reduced distribution costs over time. And I think what we're seeing if you -- particularly if you take out the impacts of the 3 large states where we're purposely driving reduced volume is exactly what we had hoped would happen. So from an expense standpoint, you see in the quarter, we benefited by 2 or 3 from [ph] the distribution cost perspective. So we're continuing to see the impacts and benefits of lower distribution costs. but more importantly, the productivity of the exclusive agency system continues to improve. So I can take out those 3 states, overall production was up 7.6%. Average productivity was up over 13%. And when you look at our top tier of agents, we segment agents into 3 categories, emerging Pro and Elite, that elite group, their level of production was up 15%. So that shows that agents continue to invest in their businesses and take advantage of increased shopping levels in the marketplace but they're focused on driving the kind of growth that will certainly become a real asset for us as we begin to lean back into growth as different states hit target levels of profitability. So we're really encouraged, both in terms of the performance of our agency channel, how they've adapted and the fact that we've been able to take cost out of the distribution system at the same time.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. The only thing I'd add, Josh, I think you take a step back and say, what are the underlying drivers of the increase in homeowner severity -- and it's principally, as Tom mentioned, it's labor costs and its material cost to repair homes. And to the extent the rates of inflation vary across different parts of the country. Obviously, that will have an influence on state-specific severity. I think it's more driven by that. Than any -- whether it's cat exposed or not cat exposed because those costs just get amplified when there's a large event and we just have to repair a larger volume of homes.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. I'd just add that -- another thing to consider when one lengthens out duration is just that you keep the appropriate amount of liquidity and flexibility in the portfolio. And I can assure you that we are doing that between the cash that we hold short-term position to other things that we can turn into cash in short order and just maturities by year-end, we're close to $10 billion. So we believe that we're both capturing the additional income that the market is giving us. lengthening out to preserve the capture of that income for a longer period of time, building some resilience into the portfolio in case the economic environment would change, while also providing adequate liquidity.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. Tracy, 1 other thing to add, if you look at the slide, the blue line depicts the duration, we've really just reverted back to what's been more of a long-term average for us. So we were at a point in time where we were in a lower level of duration, a lower level of interest rate exposure. We thought that was right given what was happening with the Fed and interest rates in general. Now that rates have climbed back up pretty aggressively. We want to go back to what has been a longer run central tendency for us.
Mario Rizzo: David, it's Mario. Thanks for the question. I'll talk a little more qualitatively about frequency since we now are disclosing more pure premium trends which combine the overall loss trend. We just think it's a better way for you all to look at and think about auto profitability. But in terms of auto frequency, the headline is it continues to revert back to pre-pandemic levels but remains below where it was in 2019. There continues to be a tailwind when you think about the safety features embedded in vehicles that will continue to help improve frequency, we think, from a long-term trend going forward. And then when you look at the other driver which is driving activity. When we look at our telematics data, we look at the number of miles that a person is driving each day. It's up mid-single digits compared to last year, still skewing less to rush hour times which benefit frequency and more to nonpeak hours. But that trend has been pretty stable over the last several quarters and we feel like we're in a period of stability in terms of driving behavior. So net-net frequency is up modestly. It's a small component of pure premium. So just to give you a couple of numbers. When you adjust out the intra-year impact in pure premium, it's up about 9.7% year-over-year in the quarter and we said severity was up 9% [ph]. So you can see the modest impact that frequency is having, again, as people drive a bit more than they were a year ago.
Mario Rizzo: Yes, David, the trend has been pretty stable over the last several quarters in terms of when we look at miles driven for our book.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. The only thing I'd add as we look ahead is -- I think it's important to recognize that we manage the business on a local level. That means state by state, market by market, risk segment by risk segment; that's been the approach we've taken to improve profitability and we're taking that same approach as we look forward in terms of growth. And I think it's -- where we're at is really 2 groupings of states emerging. Tom talked about the 3 that we've just got to get more rate and get more profitable. And before we can even begin to think about growing and investing in growth because it just economically doesn't make sense for us and that's California, New York, New Jersey. The rest of the states that if you divide them, there's a number of states that are already at target levels of profitability and we're beginning to do things like make local marketing investments, leverage a lot of the capabilities we've been building with transformative growth, the momentum we've got in the exclusive agent channel, the improvements we've made in direct and the capabilities we've built there and what we're building in the independent agent channels with things like Custom 360 and nonstandard auto. So we feel like as a system we are much more effectively positioned to grow when the time is right for us to grow. And as we look out into 2024, we think more states will fall into that ready-to-grow category in terms of target levels of profitability. And we look forward to continuing to invest in growth in those states and leverage the capabilities we've been building with transformative growth.
Jesse Merten: Yes, Elyse. Thanks. This is Jess. We have talked a lot about our reinsurance program in general. As you know, we have a robust reinsurance program that reduces our overall capital levels. We've talked more recently about the aggregate cover. At this point, we don't have specific updates about the potential transaction. As I've talked about a number of times, we're looking at whether or not we can economically reduce overall risk and target capital. And to the extent we find a structure where we can get that done, we'll do it. And to the extent we can't get it done economically we'll move on and look at other options. So I would say, as it relates to this quarter, no updates. We continue to be interested in understanding what might be available to attract some new capital. sources into the industry and make them available. But we don't have anything firm to talk about at this point on that.
Jesse Merten: No, I would agree with that. I also think you should keep in mind that, that same period was a period of extreme acceleration in the loss cost trend which you wouldn't see over the historical periods, right? So you're going to get a different pay-to-incurred ratio when you have acceleration, the way that we've seen and you saw what our severity trend was last year, you've seen what it is this year. So I think a component of that clearly is just the time period that you're looking at and the acceleration of the underlying trend.
Jesse Merten: And I would add, Tracy, we -- our capitalization philosophy, as you know, we tend to keep the capital at the holding company to the extent that we can. So I don't believe we have a capital need at AIC that would cause us to want to do that. So I think we would remain with the philosophy of keeping the capital where it's at the holding company level to the extent we have capital management decisions to make, as Tom said, we'll make him when the time comes. But I don't think we have a need for capital in AIC. So I don't know why we would go away from the philosophy of keeping it up and holding company.
