Don Civgin: Thanks, Bob. As we've done consistently in the past, we've had clear objectives and we've been proactive in the way we managed our investment portfolio. And again this quarter, our approach has paid off in the form of investment income, realized gains and attractive risk return position.  Looking at Page 8 of the presentation, the overall portfolio finished the quarter at $97.5 billion, a small decline from the second quarter of 2011, as the Allstate Financial portfolio continued to decline as planned, consistent with Matt's strategy to downsize the annuity business. During the quarter, we took advantage of market opportunities to realize gains from sales of primarily government and corporate securities and reinvested those funds into intermediate term investment grade corporates. This resulted in a reduction in the allocation of governments and an increase in the allocation of corporates. You can also see on the right side of this page that we're maintaining the shift in the distribution of fixed-income securities by scheduled maturity date towards the 3 to 10-year category. This is again consistent with what we discussed last quarter. Net investment income and yield trends are displayed on the next slide. Even in this difficult environment, overall portfolio yields improved compared to prior year as a result of our first quarter interest rate curve and derivative positioning, additional high-yield allocation and limited partnership distributions. The sequential decline in the Property-Liability portfolio yield was driven by a seasonal drop in foreign dividend income in the third quarter relative to the second quarter. Overall, net investment income at $994 million fell by 1% compared to Q3 2010. Increased net investment income for Property-Liability was more than offset by the decline in Allstate Financial due to expected declines in the size of their portfolio. In both portfolios, enhanced yields produced favorable variance in income while declines in the average assets countered the favorable trends. We generated $264 million of realized capital gains in the quarter as shown on the next slide. That, compared to $144 million of realized capital losses in the third quarter of last year. As I mentioned previously, we took advantage of market opportunities in our fixed-income portfolio to realize $692 million on sales of foreign governments, treasuries and other fixed-income securities, with the proceeds being reinvested primarily in intermediate-term investment grade corporates. These gains were partially offset by $203 million of impairments and $234 million of derivative losses. The impairments arose primarily in our residential and commercial real estate and equity asset classes, and in the derivative category, the majority of the losses were interest rate related. The unrealized net capital gain position at the end of the quarter was $2.36 billion, down slightly from the second quarter. Unrealized capital gains on our fixed-income portfolio increased to $2.46 billion from $1.91 billion at the end of Q2, while the equity portfolio' s unrealized position went from a $625 million gain to a $95 million loss reflective of the equity market experience in the third quarter of this year. Moving to our capital position on Slide 11. Shareholders equity was $18.1 billion at the end of the third quarter, a decline of $664 million from the second quarter of 2011. We completed our share repurchase authorization, buying $308 million in the quarter. Book value per share of $35.56 was essentially flat from prior year and down about $0.40 from Q2 2011. The statutory capital levels of our insurance companies remain strong with an estimated $14.4 billion at the Allstate Insurance Co. and an estimated $3.7 billion at Allstate Life Insurance Company. We paid a $200 million dividend from AIC to the holding coming during the quarter bringing invested assets at the holding company to $3.4 billion. As we've discussed previously, we've been hard at work to dissolve the Allstate Bank, and during the third quarter, we received regulatory approval to voluntarily dissolve Allstate Bank. We expect to return all funds to customers, cease bank operations, cancel the charter of the bank and deregister the Allstate Corporation as a savings and loan holding company by the first half of 2012. Lastly, following the close of the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Esurance and Answer Financial for approximately $1 billion, and we will begin to reflect their results with our fourth quarter report. Now let's open it up to your questions.
Don Civgin: Jay, at this point, I have no estimates of the impact either on the balance sheet or the income statement. So we will adopt it as we're required to at the beginning of next year. And when we have an estimate, we'll share that with you.
Don Civgin: Brian, I think the question you're really asking is the one Tom already addressed, which is we're going to reexamine where we are on share repurchases in the fourth quarter. When we have something to announce, we'll tell you then.
Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, your math is right. About 70% of the improvement is due to the homeowners business, where we've been historically to where we are sort of recently to where we need to go. And as it relates to the catastrophe load, it's sort of the average of what we would have experienced over the last 10 years as opposed to what we've experienced this year. This year, the last 2 quarters, we have had higher catastrophe losses than if you look back at the prior 20 years, higher in just this 6 months than 18 of the last 20 years. So this last couple of months have been particularly bad, as you all know and you can see in our results. As it relates to how do we reduce our catastrophe exposure, that's part of what I talked about in terms of -- some of that we just do through normal insurance underwriting, insuring the right houses, getting deductibles up, making sure we have the right kind of standards as to what we charge for different kinds of roofs and things that are getting pricing right. We also, of course, aggressively use reinsurance and brokering. And I think this is an area where I haven't communicated enough to you how much brokering we actually do. We broker a huge number of policies where we can maintain the customer relationship. So while we want to serve those personal-touch loyalists with everything that they need, we don't have to make it all. And we've done that successfully in homeowners. We've done it in variable annuities. We're now doing it in fixed annuities. To the extent we need to do more of it in homeowners to get to our return, we'll do as much as we need to do. Can I just -- Kirk just pointed out to me that the option -- the opt-in on the agency stuff, Bob, was eliminated as part of some additional change, and maybe people currently didn't feel it's a big need to opt-in so we took that out.
Thomas J. Wilson: Sure, Keith. First, let me point out. The results on new business in a quarter are never, do exactly what you did in that quarter. So I would say that the results in this quarter where due to things we had done much earlier in the year, whether that's advertising, pricing, where we are with agency capacity. So there's a lag impact as to what you do in a quarter. With that said, it's hard to do a variance analysis, of course, but I would say it's a combination of really 3 things, maybe 4,I guess: rate increases, lower share of ad spend in the third quarter, fewer producers and higher homeowner rates. And it's kind of hard to split that up. When you look at the rate increases we've had, it's a little masked by the shift in reducing volumes in Florida and New York, which are high average premium states. So we have had increases in other states, not huge but at the margin they make a little bit of a difference. We have lowered our ad spend in the third quarter. Now we're up this quarter and because the competition continues to stay strong, sometimes we back off a little bit to see what other people will do. But as ad spend stayed up -- State Farm has started spending more money -- you'll see our ad spend be up again this quarter. Fewer producers, we're really working on now expanding the number of licensed sales professionals inside our agencies. While our number of agencies are down, we can increase capacity by increasing the number of licensed sales people who work in those agencies. And then higher homeowner rates, obviously, takes a toll because homeowner rates are a place where you can start to lead the business. Once you get the homeowners, it's easier to get the auto insurance.
Thomas J. Wilson: Alison, this is Tom. Both of those businesses are now operating profitably. Of course, you get all kinds of measures of profit, whether that's run rate, includes reserve releases, doesn't include reserve releases. But we feel good about where those businesses are. As I mentioned, they are operating at a combined ratio that's higher than the overall level, but I feel very good about the trends. We made additional progress in the third quarter on a variety of fronts, including rates, including the way in which we handle our personal injury protection claims. We made good progress in getting those costs down. As well, we've also gone in to do a bunch of correct class work in New York, in the third quarter as well. So I feel very good about the underlying strength of what we're doing. It will bounce around from quarter-to-quarter, but it certainly, from my perspective, it certainly made the auto profitability much more robust when you look at it across the whole country.
Thomas J. Wilson: Mike, this is Tom. We're not having a lot of problems raising prices right now, either with regulators or competitors. Of course, it's no surprise since we're all losing money. But we haven't had, and so you can see the increases we've continued to get -- average premium is up 5%. And that includes some fall-through because when you take rates up higher than that, some people raise deductibles and do other things, which of course works, too. Even though you're not getting it in rate, you're getting it in margin because you don't have the loss cost associated with that. So we don't see competitive pressure there. You do have some customers who obviously don't like the big price increases, and one of the things we've been doing is put increased spread into our rates. So if we say rates are up 9% in a state, some customers might be up 30%, other customers might be down 5%, which is about getting more accurate in our pricing, particularly as it relates to roofs and wind and hail damage. And So that does have a negative impact on the auto business. We don't accept it as a good excuse not to grow the auto business, but we recognize its effect, that it does have a negative impact. So you can't be down 1.2 million policies in homeowners and not have lost some auto policies as a result of that. That said, our goal first and foremost, is we got to get our returns up. So our returns, we want to get the 13% return, operating return on equity so we're going to do everything we need to do that. You can see we've done that in homeowners really over the last -- since, I don't know -- since 2004, 2005 we've been banging away at this thing. We're going to keep banging away as aggressively as we need to get returns up.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, if you look at our history, we've not used leverage in a massive way to buy back stock, right? We do occasionally restructure our capital structure so I think, I don't know if it's 4, 5 years ago, we did -- or maybe 6 years we did a hybrid, and we bought some stock back. In general, the way we look at stock repurchases is how do we, if we have extra capital, we return that to shareholders, either through dividends or share repurchases. And then we always look to just optimize the capital structure. We'll do that in the fourth quarter. Normally, we would do that in February season when we got through cat season and we knew exactly where we're coming out on capital ratios for the year. And it sort of gives you a greater base from which to look forward. We're going to accelerate that into the fourth quarter of the year. We didn't do it already, quite simply because the hurricane season is just ending, as evidenced by some activity down in Mexico last week. So we just didn't feel it necessary to have it completely linked up. That said, we thought the stock price was attractive so we went and got it and decided we were going to finish the program early.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, we -- let me see if I could be helpful. We, of course, look at how much capital we have at a given point in time. And we think we're adequately capitalized today. We haven't made as much money as we would like this year because catastrophes are $3.7 billion, versus all year last year, they were $2.2 billion, so we had expected, of course, to make more money because we didn't think catastrophes would be would be at such a high level. We do believe we still have enough capital, which is why we went out and bought the stock back early. What we do is we look at how much capital we have at a particular point in time and then we also look at what we think we're going to make going forward in the future. We tend to have a little bit of a lag on that, so I'd like to be a little long in capital rather than cut it right to the margin. So as you look at where we are today versus where we thought we would be, we have less deployable capital today than we thought we would have because of higher catastrophes. That said, I feel good about the underlying profitability of the business. I don't feel good about catastrophes, but it's always a little speculative as to what it's going to be next year. But I feel good about the underlying performance of the business. And of course, from a capital standpoint, we're incredibly solid. We have a lot of capital, we're very strong in terms of our rates. I'm not concerned about that part. So I think we have flexibility to make choices. I don't know what those choices will be yet because I want to see sort of where we are going to come out on our overall analysis in the fourth quarter.
Thomas J. Wilson: Mike, let me maybe give you an overview of what Judy's doing in the investment world and maybe she would want to make some comments on it. The position we've taken in investments is sort of a 2 to 3 year time horizon. So we're not trying to make trades for tomorrow but we're looking forward 2 or 3 years. Judy and her team, we wanted to be proactive, to take action, to move ahead. But it's really around risk and return, what's the right trade-off. So obviously, we took some gains this quarter because we thought that was the right thing to do over the medium term. And actually, I think it worked out quite well. Obviously, taking gains and then reinvesting, if you were to reinvest in a like security would mean your overall investment would go down. But that's not the approach we take. As Matt was pointing out, it's very much asset-liability management. So maybe Judy wants to talk a little bit about the shift out of governments into corporates and what you've been doing to maintain yields.
Thomas J. Wilson: I would start at the most macro level, Matt, and say that the returns we're getting on capital in our auto business at the levels in all those states, even where combined ratios have gone up a little bit are great. So we're getting really strong returns in those places, and we try to manage those overall return, return in individual states and then growth and being competitive in the marketplace. So there's nothing in the auto business that concerns me that combined ratio is ready to head to the sky. In fact, I feel better about it because specifically, New York and Florida are in much better position. The story is different for each state as to why do I feel better about it. One could be the -- one is certainly the run rate. The other is the current rate. But then where I see us preserving when I'm looking at the paid trends. On some measure, both states are profitable, and when I look forward, the trends I see indicate that it will continue to stay strong and, in fact, get better. We're still going to be stuck with a little bit of the overhang on growth in those states because if you look at our decline in items in force, 97% of it is due to those 2 states. So we're trying to manage growth in the other states, and early last year we took some changes in combined -- lowered rates in some places to get more competitive. And then the other part, I guess, would be when you look at the quarter, I'm not sure how much. I'd look at maybe taking cats out of that number, too.
Thomas J. Wilson: Matt, we're not going to let the combined ratio in auto get out of control. We're on top of it. We watch it every state, every rating plan. We're all over that. It's a core goal of ours. I wouldn't read into what I would say are normal variations in the combined ratio. I mean, frequency, you can't really predict frequency on a quarter-by-quarter, even the 9-month basis with that much accuracy. So it bounces around. It can bounce around by a point easily. That's when we give our ratio -- our 88 to 91, it's with that in place. I feel very good that we'll continue to be finish out here strong. I feel good about where we're headed next year as well.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, there's a whole host of things we're doing. The biggest change that we're contemplating, and I say contemplating because it's a decision that the Board has to make and I have to work my way through with our management team, but it's using performance stock units instead of restricted stock units as part of the compensation plan. There are some -- governance people do not consider options to be performance-based and they'd like a larger component of compensation to be performance-based. So we're likely to use performance stock units instead of restricted type units for the most senior members. So there will be lost of other people inside our company where restricted stock is absolutely the right way to compensate them. We have moved to -- we do have very specific measures, as you pointed out, much more so than other companies. That over the last 4 years we've changed. That is what funds the pool. It used to be what funded individual pay. We've now shifted to that it still funds the pool. We have very specific measures to fund the pool, which protect shareholders. But then we allocate that amongst people based on their individual performance. And that's why when I started I said one of the things we're trying to do is drive increased performance, greater sense of urgency, more accountability in driving results in the company. So we do that with pay and have been for the last 3 years so that's a change which we've implemented. As it relates to other governance things, there's a whole host of items that we're considering, the largest of which is probably a right of shareholders to act by written consent. As you may or may not know that has been proposed as a proxy item for us in each of the last 2 years. It got, I think, 52% and 55% vote of the current -- of the shares that voted support for it. And we're likely to put that forward to shareholders as something that they can vote on. Then there's a host of other things, Matt, that we've gone and looked at. What we did when we went out and listened to everybody, heard what they had to say and we'll adopt those things that we think meet their needs and drive what shareholders want in terms of governance transparency and compensation.
Thomas J. Wilson: I'd like to make a point that the agency's success is completely tied to and important to our success. Sometimes I think people hear some of the noise and people were unhappy with what we're doing. And I think we're at odds. Those agencies are worth billions of dollars. We want them to be worth even more than they're worth today because if they're worth more that means they're bigger, they're growing, they have stronger customer relationships, which is good for us. So we're in this together. We're willing -- we're already in for a $0.25 billion supporting them, and we'll go in for more so. This is about all of us being successful. This is not -- we're not headed into this with a fight in mind or that thinking that it's a zero-sum game if we have to take money away from those agencies. This is about meeting our customer needs, doing the kind of change we need to do, which is never easy but in competing in what's a pretty competitive marketplace.
Thomas J. Wilson: I would say that the reduction in new apps as a company is on the company's performance, not on the agencies. The agencies, it has nothing to do with them. They're working hard every day. They're out talking to customers. We have to get a broader pricing target in auto insurance than we have today. We need to be competitive from a technology standpoint and make sure our systems are working quickly and effectively. We have to do good work on customer service. So I would not put that on the agencies. And it's not like they've gone on strike or anything like that. They're busy doing other things. We need to help them, but it's the company's job to start to drive that growth. I wouldn't put that on the agencies.
Thomas J. Wilson: Vinay, hard to tell. I mean, we do cat code and so when it goes to a particular state, it gets.. . and there's a catastrophe in that state, it obviously gets carved out. But then, sometimes people don't report it right away. And sometimes it's the neighboring state, your neighboring areas. So I would say that frequency bounces around a little bit. We're feeling okay about frequency this year and importantly, our paid loss trends look good as well. So we're feeling good about this. We were up a little bit in collision this quarter, so we changed reserves a little bit on collision. But we're feeling good about the rest of the PD coverages and BI as well.
Thomas J. Wilson: We don't have an established countrywide target the way some of our competitors do. But we obviously think that if you're at 96, you're still earning a good return. It's not our objective to take our combined ratio on standard auto up to 96, however, because I don't want you to -- but we do, we look at -- what we want to do is maintain our margins overall and begin to grow the business, which we think we're now in a better position to do given the progress we've made in New York and Florida. It's not going to turn next quarter, so I don't think you should expect to see us suddenly be growing at incredibly high rates next quarter because we've got this fixed. As you know, this business takes -- the strength of this business is 80-plus-percent of what we will earn over the next year we've already written. The downside to that is it's harder to turn the overall growth side because you've got to get past those renewals.
Thomas J. Wilson: We're committed to getting 13% return on operating income, return on equity -- I'm using operating income -- by that period of time, and we're going to do what we need to do in homeowners to get there. Maybe we'll do one last question.
Thomas J. Wilson: No, I have not seen -- I mean the 3 large competitors in auto insurance that we all spend a lot of time talking about, called State Farm, Progressive and GEICO, are all continuing to be very aggressive in the auto business. As you can see, just watch some football game or baseball game and you can't kind of get away from us. And so that continues to be highly competitive. You're starting to see some other companies like USAA, Farmers, Nationwide step up a little bit. Whether they can stay in the game as the advertising spend gets higher, I'm not sure. You're also starting to see the competition shift to new products. We didn't talk much about it here, but whether that's the telematics approaches or the products we've been launching. So you're continuing to see pretty aggressive competition amongst those big carriers. Brian, I can't really speak to the smaller carriers in total. But as you know, they have about half the market. And it doesn't look like they're all of a sudden taking prices increases way up, but they're having an increasingly difficult time to compete on advertising and new products, which probably means they'll keep their prices -- sort of try to be as competitive as they can on prices. So I'm expecting that market to stay as competitive next year as it is this year, But it's a market we think we can win in. And we didn't have a great third quarter and new business for some things that happened earlier in the year, but we feel good about what we've got going in the fourth quarter and as we head into next year.
Matthew G. Heimermann: First question, just on auto. Given that you're reporting some year-over-year gains in Florida and New York, I guess, a little surprised that year-on-year both in the quarter and 9 months that underlying combined ratios there look like they're sliding a little bit. So some color there, and if you could just clarify your comment on New York and Florida being profitable. Was that kind of run rate 3Q? Or just some color on that would be great.
Matthew G. Heimermann: Well, in aggregate, you reported -- you're reporting higher underlying combined ratios this year than last year both for 3Q and for 9 months. So if New York and Florida have made progress, I guess that implies other places have gone backwards. So just some color on what...
Matthew G. Heimermann: Well, I'm looking at underlying that are already adjusted out. But I guess I'm just trying to put that in context, given that one of the strategic and financial goals has been relative stability in those margins. So I get your ROIC comment. I'm just trying to put it in context with that.
Matthew G. Heimermann: And then the second question I had was just on the corporate, the compensation and governance changes that you alluded to. I guess, based on how you historically have paid people, on the proxy, it's been pretty specific metrics, corporate as well as SPU. So I'm just curious when you refine compensation how we might think about that. And then just general governance, I guess, where the improvements here that you're talking about there.
