Steven E. Shebik: Thanks, Pat. Slide 10 provides an overview of Allstate Financial. As we've discussed previously, we strategically repositioned Allstate Financial over the last several years to focus its business on Allstate brand customers. The most recent action was to sell Lincoln Benefit Life and further integrate the life business into the Allstate brand value proposition. Allstate Financial results for the first quarter are highlighted in the bottom of the slide. Premiums and contract charges increased 2.9% when compared to first quarter of 2014 results, excluding LBL. Growth was driven primarily by increased additional life insurance renewal premiums, Allstate benefit accident and health insurance business. Allstate Benefits now has 3.2 million policies in force, making it a major player in the voluntary workplace benefits business. Operating income for the first quarter was $134 million, 13.5% lower than the first quarter of 2014 after adjusting for the disposition of Lincoln Benefit Life. This reduction in operating income was driven primarily by lower investment income related to prepayment fees and litigation settlements, and higher life mortality and expenses than the prior year first quarter. Moving to investments in the chart at the top of the Slide 11. Our portfolio total return was 1.7% for the first quarter. The components of the total return continue to show that the income yield remains consistent while the valuation impact varies from quarter-to-quarter. Most recently, being driven by reductions in interest rates since year end 2014. Our portfolio valuations have not been materially impacted by lower energy prices as the majority of our assets with exposure to the energy sector are investment-grade corporate bonds, which are currently in an unrealized gain position. The lower half of the slide provides the investment income in yield for the Property-Liability and Allstate Financial portfolios. The Property-Liability interest-bearing yield in the lower left graph reflects the impact of prior duration shortening and ongoing investments in a low interest-rate environment. The interest-bearing portfolios yield is close to current market yields and is expected to respond more quickly to changes in interest rates as a result of its shorter maturity profile. Moving to the Allstate Financial portfolio in the lower right. The interest-bearing portfolio yield is higher and more stable than the Property-Liability segment due to its longer duration and its cash flows being used largely to fund annuity reductions. The drop in investment income primarily reflects the LBL disposition and the aforementioned reduction in annuities. Total first quarter limited partnership income was 39% higher than the same period last year, helped by a strong quarter for our real estate investments. Economic conditions and high liquidity levels have contributed to favorable market performance, which is reflected in strong limited partnership results in both portfolios. As you can see from the charts, limited partnerships and other equity investments bring a higher degree of variability to our income, while more volatile, we expect these investments to increase returns in both portfolios over the long-term. Slide 12 provides an overview of our strong capital position and excellent shareholder returns at the end of the first quarter. During the quarter, we returned $1 billion in cash to common shareholders through a combination of common dividends and share repurchases. We completed our 2014, 2.5 billion common share repurchase authorization in February by initiating new $3 billion authorization. A $500 million accelerate repurchase program was executed in March, which should be completed by mid-June. As of March 31, we had $2.4 billion remaining on our current repurchase authorization, which is expected to be completed by July 2016. We provide additional information on our share repurchase activities this quarter in the chart on the right. In the table under the chart, you can see the impact of accelerated share repurchase initiations and settlements for each of the past 9 quarters. We have also posted an explanatory document on ASRs our Investor Relations website this morning. Yesterday afternoon, we communicate the details of our 2015 catastrophe reinsurance program, excluding Florida. We rolled our expiring nationwide contract in a similar to lower-cost agreements and added approximately $300 million of coverage for growth in our business. As in prior years, I challenged our team to push the envelope a bit. You will see this year's program race through the historic 3-year duration of traditional reinsurance with 2 7-year 2 limit multi-pillar reinsurance covers to provide further stability in our business for our customers. We expect to place our Florida program in the second quarter. And we'll communicate details at that time. Now let's open up the call for your questions.
Steven E. Shebik: So I'll address that in -- this is Steve. I'll just address it in a couple of ways. As you noticed, we effectively placed the same program we did last year, $500 million retention, the nationwide coverage: We kind of rolled over the expiring contracts. We brought $300 million more of coverage as our business is growing. And as you noted, 2 of the contracts above the nationwide program, we placed for 7 years in additional reinsurance market. So that was a major breakthrough we think in terms of our coverage. You heard me talk in the past about we need 7- to 10-year coverage to provide a stability in the business for our customers. So that we thought was a big breakthrough this year by our team. In terms of buying below, making that $500 million less. We look at that and given our capital base, we don't think we need to do that. We're in the business to make good returns, we are making good returns in that business now. And we don't think that economically it makes sense to really bring that down much further. In terms of the coastal business, Matt's talked, off and on, about the optimization of our exposure on the coast. We continue to work on that in terms of agency placements. In addition, to just getting reinsurance, we want to have the people in place, we want to have a spread of risk, not only the coast, but the central part of the country; which provides the most optimal reinsurance buy and the optimal economics for the business.
Steven E. Shebik: The implication -- this is Steve, again. The implication is, it's -- we have buy at a high enough level to appropriately meet the capital tests that the rating agencies have. The 7 years is really for us because it provides stability in our capital base and for our customers.
Steven E. Shebik: So if you look at the -- what we placed in the rollover of our nationwide program, it's 1/3 of our program, and market pricing today is 10%, 12% better than it was a year ago. We reinvested a good part of that in buying this other $300 million of coverage at the top. So you shouldn't see a whole lot of savings. If you remember, most of it actually just goes through our rates, a little bit delayed basis. But more than 80% of our reinsurance cost are baked into the rates. So if the reinsurance cost go up, the rates go up as they go down and as they have the last handful of years, our rates actually go down.
Steven E. Shebik: So let me do it -- look at it in a couple of ways. First, our reserves are appropriately stated in the balance sheet. And we -- they are subject to multiple internal and external use on a regular basis. I just want to make sure we get that out of the way. Second, we do stay that way, because we use a variety of reserving methods and they react quickly to the underlying changes in the data we see. So on the first point, to reiterate that just slightly, the reserves are established by a team under Sam Pilch our controller and under myself. That is separate from our business units. So we have independence in terms of within the company and they are independently evaluated by both our auditors and an annual basis by our appointed actuaries. So that's the process to ensure the integrity of the reserves. In terms of the changes, which is the second point, when we use a variety of methods to enable the accuracy of our reserves -- and when we -- when changes are made in the underlying data, we react quickly, so take a look at particularly, at this quarter, as you just noted, about the half of the unfavorable prior reserve adjustments related to litigation accruals, which really were from many years ago. Secondly, it has to do with an increase in case reserves for our major medical claims. And those case reserves were increased earlier than our past patterns, because of changes we've made in our claim processes to both improve our customer experience and better manage the claims. So while we believe that acceleration of what we think would ultimately have been upward development in the claims, we increased our reserves for both last year; so last 2 or 3 years we had and also this year's severity given the long duration of the settlement of medical claims. So this increase was determined using a variety of methods. We continue to look at those and as the period of time goes along, we believe that the methods will come together as we do the final payouts and the cases are settled. Does that...
Thomas J. Wilson: Good morning, Josh. Thank you for the question. Matt will take you through some of the specifics. It's a good question because it really gets to the substance of that, which we are doing which is our strategy is comprehensive, but it's designed to support profitable growth in any environment. And oftentimes, we might get into an environment where costs are going up and we have to raise prices, everybody thinks that it's all about price. And it is currently price is very -- obviously, very important, but Matt has a much more comprehensive program than that.
Thomas J. Wilson: Let me make an overview comment, then Don and Kathy can say. I would say what gives the opportunity as you appropriately classified it, is that it's not good enough. So we have some work to do there. The -- but they're different stories, right. So Esurance, we would like to continue to pick up share in that segment. So we continue to invest ahead of where other competitors would invest in terms of advertising as a percentage of revenues. We could obviously make that business profitable by shutting down advertising and growth and we're choosing not to do that because we want to grow in that segment. The Encompass segment is a different story. It's much more competitive because you're inside the agency. So you have to be more careful as to how you grow there and so it's different set of stories. We're not explicitly seeking to invest in growing share [indiscernible] we're investing to get profitable growth. So Don and Kathy, maybe you can give a quick answer to those 2.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, I think in terms of your level of confidence and the level of our confidence, the first thing you have to get through is this our problem or is this everybody's problem? If it's our problem, then obviously, the actions we take will be different and the impact on shareholder value and long-term value creation is different then it's everybody's problem. If it's everybody's problem, then the actions we take and the impact on both growth profitability, customer satisfaction, ability to expand agencies is completely different. So we feel like this is, at this point, everybody's problem. Matt can help you understand why we believe that's the case. And if you look at the relative amount of increases necessary to account for increased cost of auto insurance, and that's all that we're talking about in this particular case is auto insurance, not the broad portfolio we have. If you're just talking about auto insurance, it's relatively small dollars when it comes to amount per customer per year.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, let me add something on top of that. First, it's not one product and it's not one market. So -- because we have a couple of competitors where you can see their results and they are one-product companies, we end up tending to focus on just auto. We have a broad-based growth plan as Matt talked about earlier. And so I just want to double-underline what he said earlier, which is broad-based. Secondly, it's not just one market, like, because we report the numbers on a countrywide basis, we tend to have that conversation there, but that's not the way the business has been run. So there are many markets. So if you look at the top 11 states, 6 of them are growing at higher than 3%, but that also means that 5 are growing at less than 3%, in fact, 4 of them are kind of hovering around 0, I think, Matt. So you're -- we don't have to react. We don't react across the country, we react to every local market. And so the results you see, reflect what we've been doing for the last couple of years. And they will reflect the way we go forward in the future.
Thomas J. Wilson: Let me make sure you really focused on it. There was a statement Matt made in there, which I want to make sure you're really focused on, which is from a shareholder value standpoint, our auto business generates really good returns, both over time and even this quarter. Okay, so 96.8 was higher than we would have liked in the quarter. But if you look over the last 12 months, its 95.6. That's a recorded number, that's not an underline, that's not anything. That is a really good return on auto insurance. And so we wanted to make sure we continue to earn that return for our customers -- give that product to our customers at the right price so we earn a good return for our shareholders. And we don't feel like we're in a position where we have to react expeditiously because there is something that is our problem.
Thomas J. Wilson: Mike, I would start with, it's really about best value for the customer based on what they want. So if you look at the Allstate agency segment, they want local advice, they want a broad set of products and services. And they obviously, want a good price as well. And so it is price-sensitive. But if you sell them there 2 cars and a house, and a boat and all kinds start raising their price by $15 or $20 a year, isn't going to change that relationship or that value equation in a substantive way. So we tend to look at it in terms of what's the customer value proposition, how you give them best value. That's what the quality of the service and the product is as it meets their needs. And then, what is the cost of it? Obviously, the channel then subjects that value proposition to different levels of competition. So when you're in the Allstate channel, that -- do not really subject to competition from a whole bunch of other people because you've got that local relationship. If you're in the independent agency channel, there is more competition around that value proposition. So it tends to be a little bit more price sensitive up there. And to those people that are in that segment tend to value brands a little differently. They would, sort of, if I know the company that's good enough as opposed to I really have a long-standing relationship and I've been part of Allstate for a long time. That person tends -- that second person tends to be less price-sensitive. So there tends to be more price competition in the upper left of our four quadrants, that's the independent agency channel. There also tends to be a little more competition on the right-hand side of the page, which is the self-serve segment, because the relationship is not as strong. And they're doing a lot of the work themselves, so they can go out and get it. There still is in the branded segment where Esurance is highly focused, a fair some -- a focus on am I getting the right kind of product and service and is it easy for me? So it's not just how do I go get another $5 off on this price? So -- but I would say the lower left tends to be the least price-sensitive segment out of all of them.
Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, if we wanted to change we would've said we wanted to change. I would point out its a full year number, we are committed to that full year number. We see no reason to change that number at this point. Obviously, you would prefer to start a year at the low end of your range rather than outside your range, which we did not. Being at the high end of the range, just means we have to continue to work to get our commitment done. I would also point out that 90% of our business had an underlying combined ratio of 87.4 that's the Allstate brand piece. So we feel like we're in good shape for running the business the way we want to do it. Let me close it off because I know you have other things and we are appreciative of the time you give us. We had good results this quarter, good balanced results. You can see the strength of the broad-base of our business model, which is not just one product, not just one customer segment, not just one investment offering, and investment strategy. We have a lot of levers we can continue to pull to earn good returns for our shareholders. We continue to generate not only good returns on equity, but also good cash returns for our shareholders. And we expect to continue to do that as we go forward. Thank you very much, have a great quarter.
Matthew E. Winter: Good morning, Josh, and thanks for the question. As you correctly pointed out, we have seen some nice growth overall in the business, both on the auto and the homeowners side. We've also seen growth in the consumer household goods, and we're beginning to see some growth in the life and retirement space as well. We don't believe that it's any one particular item that's led to that. As Tom mentioned, we really -- the entire team views this as one complex system, and we try to pull multiple levers on that system and have multiple influences on it that feed off of each other, as most self-generating systems do. So what we're doing now is a function of trying to improve -- we use the phrase bandwidth and efficiency -- so we're trying to lay more pipe and improve the efficiency and productivity of that pipe. So we're adding a lot of agencies and we're adding agencies in a strategic manner. Not just allowing them to grow and develop wherever they want, but to thoughtfully pick geographic areas that have been underpenetrated in the past, and attempt to recruit in a more targeted way. So that would include some areas that, historically, we've shied away from; some of the more non-urban areas, some of the heartland, the middle of the United States, some of the rural areas. And we're approaching that in a fairly thoughtful way using a bunch of different tools, including our regular agency system. But we're also using our Allstate auto dealer program, which enables us to put Allstate Agencies inside of auto dealerships. We're also using selective independent agency expansion in some of those rural areas to maximize our points of presence around the United States. And then, we're doing a tremendous amount of work to improve the productivity, efficiency and effectiveness of those agents once they are there. And that includes some of the Trusted Advisor work you referred to, where we're trying to take away some of the low value-added work that distracts them, doesn't add value to the customer and just eats up agency time. We're trying to use data analytics, emerging technologies as well as centralized support services to pull those out of the agencies, free them up for more value-added advice, consultation and service on coverage options; and enable them to really do what we think that we have as our competitive advantage, which is to have a local advisor in the community, who actually knows about those customers, can counsel them appropriately, and form a relationship-based business, not just a transactionally based business. The last thing I'll point out on our growth is that while Tom said, and correctly, it's not all about price, it is to some extent driven by our competitiveness and the way we approach the market. And that's not just agent behavior, that's not just our points of presence, but that includes the rest of the system, that includes our marketing effectiveness, our lead generation capabilities, our ability to offer all the products those customers need; not turning any customers away and letting them go to other companies for one of those products. So that's where the homeowners -- opening up homeowners and expanding our product portfolio, and including life and retirement comes in. It allows us to serve the customers holistically, say yes to more customers, and not turn many away. It's where our new rating plans, which provide a -- through broadening the target -- allow us to offer a more competitive price to a broader group of customers coming in. So I would say that the growth that we've achieved is a product of all of those factors, not any one in particular, not any one in isolation. It's one of the reasons that we feel confident that this sustainable growth and will continue, because it's not based upon one lever, it's based upon the system really functioning very effectively as a system.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes. Bob, it's Matt. Let me expand a little bit on what Tom just said. As we talked about last quarter actually, the frequency pressure is a combination of miles driven and weather. And I believe I said, last quarter, we thought that miles driven was about 3x as influential as the weather, that pattern seems [indiscernible] pulled up again, this quarter. But we want to validate that and verify it and as Pat referred to in his opening remarks, we did a very intense deep dive into our business to ensure that the increases in the frequency we're seeing are proportional and consistent across multiple segments of the business, no matter how you cut it. To make sure, in effect, that these aren't our problems, but are, in fact, external. And so we looked at new and renewal business, we looked higher growth states versus lower growth states. We looked across quality characteristics. We looked across driver age, household composition, insurance scores, full coverage versus liability, across different rating plans to see whether or not perhaps, the rating plans had influenced it. And all of that review has showed that this trend is externally driven, primarily by miles driven. And then we wanted to validate that. And so we've looked at external data on miles driven. And miles driven February year-to-date was 3.9% above prior year. The 12-month moving average on miles driven is 2.8% above the 5-year average. So we see it from external data. And then we're fortunate because we keep our Drivewise device in the car for an extended period of time. We're able to look at that data on an ongoing basis. And so we have our own specific proprietary data that shows miles driven up a consistent amount to what we see in external data sources. So we validated it with our internal data, we validated it with external data. And then, we looked at other sources to ensure that, that in fact, is true. And I switched my reading material. If you look at CollisionWeek Magazine, that periodical, it reported January production for the auto body repair industry was 6.8% higher than January of 2014. That's a huge increase for increased activity in body shop. So we looked at that and then we looked on the weather side. And for those of you in the Northeast, you experienced most of this. You experienced winter storm, Juno. You saw the coldest February ever recorded in Connecticut and Upstate New York. You saw the second coldest February on record in New York. You saw 200 car pileups in Michigan in January, one of the largest on record. And so we saw precipitation increases and freeze increases in the first quarter that were pretty much unprecedented. So you look at all of that and you come to the conclusion that in fact, this is an external trend. So given that it's an external trend, we believe that our competitors will react to it the same way we will react to it. I don't think they will react to it with a level of sophistication and granularity, we might, or in the exact same ways, but they will have to react to the trends. As I mentioned in my earlier response, competitiveness is not just rate. But if you do look at rate, we saw the auto insurance CPI up 5.9% for March. 5.9% up from February CPI of 5.6% and the 2014 full year auto insurance CPI of 4.2%. So the average premiums paid by customers has been steadily increasing. Then we look at [ph] and we look at competitor rate increases and we believe we're going to be part of the path taken by rates. So as a result, it's going to come down to execution and not just execution on how we take rate and how carefully we do it, but how we execute on the rest of the system, all those other factors; trusted advise from agents, service, product design, excellent claim service, effectiveness of our advertising, the productivity and efficiency in the agencies, their ability to close the business quickly and we feel confident. I feel very confident that the team will manage through this. I like this kind of competition. I think we are very well-suited to deal with it effectively and rise to the top of it. So it does not concern us.
Matthew E. Winter: Thanks, Kai, for the question. It's Matt, again. So I think as we pointed out in the Q, I'm sorry, in the Investors sup on Page 13, footnote 9, April rates actually exceeded that of the entire first quarter. So it does take us a while to begin to implement the rate increases. It's a process. We have to recognize the trend, we have to do the filing. We have to do a careful thoughtful approach to it, to make sure we minimize the potential impact on growth and retention. And then, we institute as quickly as possible. So this quarter showed a fairly low-level of filed and approved rates. It doesn't mean it showed us a low-level of activity, because you can't see the activity. And you -- that's one of the reasons we point out the April rate. I would say that we are accelerating some of the rate that had been planned for the rest of the year. But overall, the levels are not something that I think will shock the system. Where rate is not our only lever on managing loss cost. We look at things like our underwriting guidelines. We have correct class programs to make sure we're getting paid the appropriate price for the risk that we're taking on. And so -- and we have expenses. And we will continue to manage all those levers to ensure our combined ratio stays within an appropriate range, so that we earn an appropriate return on the business. I can't predict where miles driven are going to go or where weather is going to go, or what the unemployment rates are going to look like over the next several months or year. I can say that we have a very good handle on the trend. We have a system that's designed just for this in mind, because it's a decentralized rate taking system that looks at each individual geography and manages rate taking by that local geography. And so we're on it, and we will continue to preserve margins.
Matthew E. Winter: The second piece was -- I'm sorry, where we're seeing miles driven? Miles driven is essentially, I think, Tom in the last call referred to it as an indicator of economic activity. And I think that's really a way to view it. And so it's been very consistent when you look at miles driven in those regions of the country that have seen an increase in overall economic activity, lowered unemployment rate or higher investment or higher home construction. There is a whole bunch of different ways of looking at it. But economic activity has spurred miles driven, which has spurred frequency.
Matthew E. Winter: We are earning good returns. We're doing a great job for our customers. Our customer Net Promoter score is up. We're growing the business, we're getting good returns in the auto insurance business. And so I don't want the conversation to be too -- I mean, we are reacting to what is normal in any market place in any business, which is as you have your cost go up, you work to make sure that you're maintaining the returns where you want them to be. The first quarter was a slight blip up. But we're doing what we normally do. Which is what we are trying to explain is, we look to see is it our problem or everybody's problem? If it's everybody's problem we'll just keep compete and keep growing. So I don't think this is about getting back to some place versus being at a place we don't want to be. We had a good profit this quarter. We made really good returns on our homeowner business in part because of low caps. But we didn't make as much money in auto insurance this quarter, in part because of weather, in part because we have to adjust prices reflecting economic activities. The strength of what we got going is we have lots of levers we can pull, whether that's by product, by channel, by customer segment, the way we think about it to help us achieve what we're supposed to do for our shareholders which is to get a good return. Last 12 months, we've had a 13% return on equity, and we just gave back $1 billion in cash. So we think that's a pretty good offer.
Matthew E. Winter: Well, sure. I mean there is couple of tailwinds as the country continues to grow and given where we are, we will continue to grow with it. The other part to that is in the investment portfolio, we are basically long U.S. growth; the way we positioned our portfolio, that being shifting into more performance-based investments and keeping our duration short in the investment portfolio. So as growth goes up, then you would expect to be able to earn higher returns in you fixed income portfolio at some point of time and that would be a huge tailwind for us. We'll take one more question and then we'll finish it up.
