Tom Wilson: Good morning. We're excited for Mark, and we're completely confident that Brent is going to give you everything you need to help you decide how and why you want to invest in Allstate. So good morning. We appreciate the investment of your time in Allstate today. Let's start with an overview results, and then Mario and Jess are going to walk through the operating results and the actions that we're taking to increase shareholder value. So let's start on Slide 2. Allstate's strategy, as you know, has two components, increased personal property-liability market share and expand protection services. Those are shown in the two ovals on the left. If you go to the right-hand side of the slide, you can see a summary of the results for the first quarter. We had a net loss of $346 million in the first quarter, which reflects a property liability underwriting loss which was only partially offset by strong investment income and profits from protection services and health and benefits. We're making good progress on executing the comprehensive plans to improve auto insurance profitability, and of course, we'll have a substantive discussion on that today. Not to be overlooked, we also continue to advance Transformative Growth plan, which is to execute the top oval there, which is to increase Property-Liability market share. At the same time, Allstate Protection Plans in the lower oval continues to expand its product offering and geographic footprint. Let's review the financial results on Slide 3. Revenues of $13.8 billion in the first quarter increased 11.8% or nearly $1.5 billion as compared to the prior year quarter. The increase was driven by higher average premiums in auto and homeowners insurance, resulting in Property-Liability earned premium growth of 10.8%. In the auto insurance line, higher insurance premiums and lower expenses were essentially offset by increased loss costs, so the profit improvement plan has not yet returned margins to historical levels. The auto insurance line had an underwriting loss of $346 million in the quarter. In homeowners, the story is really about $1.7 billion of catastrophes, which led to an underwriting loss of $534 million. The total underwriting loss was just under $1 billion. Net investment income of $575 million benefited from higher yields, which mostly offset an income decline from performance-based investments. Protection Services and Health and Benefits generated adjusted net income of $90 million in the quarter. As a result, the adjusted net loss was $342 million or $1.30 a share. Now let me turn it over to Mario to discuss Property-Liability results.
Tom Wilson: I'll get Mario to dig in on claim expenses. When you look at the 5.7%, I'll remind you -- first, good morning, Greg. I'll remind you that remember, this is a number that's been trending up as the rates that we took in '21 and '22 start to be earned in. So we would expect that number to continue to increase as we earn in the rates we've already implemented, and so we think this. In terms of claims severity, I'll let Mario give you an update on where we are and what we're thinking about.
Tom Wilson: So Greg, I think embedded in your question is, will you be challenged on something above 6.9%? The strategy that [Guy Hill] and team put into place was take 6.9% -- get 6.9%, don't have to have a consumer advocate come in and look at it, get another 6.9% and then go for the full rate. So what you're seeing us do it in three chunks. Other people have tried to do it other ways. We think this is the right way for us.
Tom Wilson: Paul, you're breaking up a little bit, so let me just make sure I get it. So we're talking about auto insurance severity trends first quarter versus -- is that a tick up from what you saw last year? Or is it the level on? If that's the question, I'll just -- Mario can jump into that.
Tom Wilson: Yes. Paul, I think there's a little bit of -- I mean, when you're looking at the percentages, it gets a little confusing when you're in a high increase environment. So if you looked at the numbers that Mario was talking about, are the percentages up versus the full year of 2022, not versus the first quarter of last year. As you know, the percentages kept going up as we move throughout the year and we adjusted our results, so what we've decided to do is to talk about the percentages up versus the full year. And I think, Mario, it is -- said it well, which is it continues to be high. And so we're trying to -- if you look at the percentage up versus what we thought it was in the first quarter, it would be higher than 10% to 11%, but it's not higher than what we thought the first quarter was at the end of last year. So as it relates to pricing, we're looking at just total loss cost frequency and severity, and we have to -- we believe we have to continue to increase prices this year. As Mario talked about, we were up almost 17% in the Allstate brand last year. I don't know. We don't have a target for what it will be this year. As Mario said, it's going to be what it needs to be.
Tom Wilson: But you shouldn't take the fact that we have less equity as a statement that we thought we needed to save capital. We have less public equity holdings, because we didn't think it was a good risk return trade-off, which John [ph] will be happy to talk about it if somebody wants to go through. But we think we have plenty of capital on this business.
Tom Wilson: Well, first, we think the profit improvement plan is working. I would say, Elyse, that if you just summarize the first quarter, I would say we held serve, we held serve in the face of, if you're a tennis fan, 120-mile an hour serve, which was called continued high increase in severity. How will - we'll return the ball, and as you point out, it's about where it was last year. It is improved sequentially in the fourth quarter, but you're absolutely right. Yes, there were some other things going around in the fourth quarter related to the first, second and third quarter of last year. So it's not quite fair to say that it improved. I would just say we held serve. We feel good about where we're going. In our mind, it's a question of when, not if we will get back to how we make profitability. And that's, of course, dependent on what happens with inflation and costs.
Tom Wilson: Yes. No, it's a good point. Let me get John to answer that. I'll give you a little overview [ph]. First, I would just say analytics everywhere. It counts for everyone despite. So whether that's using sophisticated models is that where they toll the car or extending duration or what we're doing with capital. And so, when we look at the extension of duration, I think John ran like nine different scenarios, how to do it, what to do it, what and - so we're all over that. When it comes to stress events in the capital markets, we look at all kinds of alternatives there. Everything from -- and what do we do with the government defaults to what do we do if there's more bank failures. And so we have - and John can tell you sort, of how he's thinking about how we allocate assets in the portfolio relative to stress events in today's market. I would say from an overall capital standpoint, which is we got plenty of money. Like you saw our liabilities, they're very predictable, and so nobody is going to run in and say give us back our $10 billion and we don't have it. At the same time, we have a really highly liquid portfolio, because so much of it's in investment-grade fixed income. If it's fixed - investment-grade fixed income market is completely shut down, we would still probably be fine. Right now probably we would be fine, because we're having cash come in terms of unearned premiums every day, so we don't really have any overall liquidity issues. But in terms of capital market stress and how you think about that from an investment decisions and where we're invested today, John can give you some perspective.
Tom Wilson: Where is, the plan at the beginning of the year. So maybe I'll give an overview, Mario, with an analogy and you can bear. We're running as fast and as hard as we can on rates everywhere. If we need them, we're really running fast and hard. If we think, we're actually adequately priced in some states where we are today, we're still paying attention. We're still on the track. We're so warmed up and ready to run if we need to be.
Tom Wilson: Andrew thanks for focusing in on National General. For summary, we feel really good about the acquisition of National General. If you just start with the math, the numbers, it's exceeded our expectations and assumptions, because as you'll remember, we've mostly bought that so we could reduce our expenses in the independent agent channel by folding, basically having them reverse acquire Encompass, we just happen to buy them first. And so they've - and that's ahead of plan and the numbers are bigger. So, we're feeling really good about that, and that's the way we price the deal. You're - strategically, which is where you're after, we're also getting the benefit of now having a solid plan for an independent agent channel, which we did not before. We've been struggling to get a good platform so they have good technology, good relationships, as you point out, mostly in the nonstandard stuffing. Mario, I think in his comments, mentioned how we're now taking those relationships and that technology platform and we're putting what we call mid-market, which is basically standard auto and homeowners, on that platform, and that's going to give us great growth opportunities because we're using the Allstate expertise in both standard auto and - not to be underestimated, one bit really is our business model and homeowners. We think that's a great growth opportunity and which is basically icing on the cake relative to the acquisition. So, we feel really good about we're in that channel. It's part of Transformative Growth. It's part of increasing market share and personal profit liability, and we're pleased with the results.
Tom Wilson: Good. Mario, why don't you talk about homeowners and what we're doing there to drive growth? As it relates to auto insurance, we just talked about sort of the Allstate brand, I think, which may be the numbers you're referring to, which is down versus Andrew's comment about National General, which is off. On the Allstate piece, there's, obviously two components. One is, are you selling more new business? And then the second is what's happening with retention. And as it relates to new business, we've taken the approach that a prospective rate increase is like a new business penalty. So as you know, when you sell a business, you're going to have - you got expenses. It is getting the customers more to get them right in front, and then the loss ratio is typically higher for new business than it is for existing business. If you need 10 points of rate on top of what you're currently selling it to, we've factored that into our growth projections on new business and said, well this -- at the very least, it's an additional 10 points of new business penalty. The worst is that when you raise your prices by 10%, all the money you spent getting the customer is wasted, because they go away and you churn it. So we've dialed back new business and advertising not so much, because we're trying to manage the P&L, but because we're managing the economic growth. And we think needing rate increases and going out and getting a new customer and saying, it's great, you bought it for $1,000. And then six months later saying, well, it was really $1,100 is not a good plan. So we've dialed back new business, and you see that really across the board. And Mario showed in some places, even more aggressively, like New York, New Jersey, and California have kidded Mario that like, you'll know every new business customer we get in New York if we keep this up personally. So that's basically an economic choice. On retention, of course, that's the customer's choice and it depends what happens in the marketplace and what other people are doing. Our retention has gone down. We do model that out. It's really very difficult to take those old models, so -- and give yourself any kind of good estimate on the current view because a couple of things have changed. One, these are much bigger increases than those models had in them. So those models are based on 5%, 6%, 7%, not on 10%, 12% or 15% or 14% [ph] in Texas. And at the same time, those models don't have the kind of competitive environment you're operating in where everybody else is raising rates at the same time. So we've shutdown new business, because we think it's economic and there's an increased new business penalty associated with being underpriced, and then we're managing to. What we want to do, of course, is we're highly focused on improving customer value, because people pay more, you got to do more for them. And so, we're working hard on making sure we do insurance reviews, get our agents for them [ph] homeowners is another great story that I think we've kind of - we get so focused on auto. We haven't really put - it's a great business model. Mario can talk about what we're doing to grow that business.
Tom Wilson: So let me just double click on the Transformative Growth piece. So the third piece of Transformative Growth is to increase the sophistication and investment in customer acquisition. We think we can and should be able to get new customers cheaper than we do today. There's lots of math we have around that. One of those is telematics, so we were the first out there with continuous telematics. We've been at it for over a decade. We're now taking telematics, and with Arity, we now think we can take telematics into new business, Brian. And actually, not have to have them download our app or put a device in their car to figure out how good a drive they are. We think we can use our sophisticated analytics to price them using telematics ahead of time, which will maybe -- to better manage your acquisition cost. So lots of work to go there, so plenty of opportunity to grow.
Tom Wilson: Let me finish and make sure we respect for people's time on that question. So first, when you look at overall inflation, the numbers Fed and everybody else sees, that's one set of numbers. If you look at the inflation in what we do, it's of course, dramatically higher. And those are subject to different things. So whether the Fed tightens the economy, it doesn't tighten economy, probably isn't going to do a lot to keep people from having severe accidents, hurting themselves and needing a lot of medical care or then more lawyers getting involved in the case, nor will it have a huge impact on what the OEs charge on parts. They tend to charge more in parts based on what they're doing to overall profitability and how many new cars are selling. So if we go into a recession, they sell new cars, I don't expect they're going to cut car's prices. So we think inflation will persist in this business at a higher level than you see from the overall CPI, and that's why we're having to raise prices for our customers.
Tom Wilson: Thank you all for participating today. Thank you for being generous with your time. We're going a few minutes over. Our priorities, make sure we're going to make money in auto insurance and continue to leverage our superior position in homeowners as start to grow and execute Transformative Growth, whether that's by getting our costs down, rolling out new products, expanding our National General platform. And then we didn't spend any time today on the great stories we have in the lower oval, which is expanding Protection Services. So a lot of things we're working on hard to create more value for you. Thank you, and we'll see you next quarter.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. Good morning, Greg. So in terms of claims severity, what we disclosed this quarter was across major coverages. We're running in the 9% to 11% range in both physical damage and in injury coverages. Really, the drivers of those costs, if you start with physical damage, we continue to see pretty persistent inflation particularly in parts and labor costs to repair cars. Actually, used car prices or total values for used cars actually came down a little bit in the first quarter in our numbers, but we had a higher percentage of total loss frequency which impacted the mix, so those are really the drivers. And on bodily injury, it's the same things we've been talking about. Medical inflation, medical consumption and attorney representation. So I think the drivers of severity continue to persist. In terms of where they're going forward, it's really anybody's guess, but I think our perspective is, and we've been pretty consistent on this point, we're going to continue to take prices up. We've been doing that really since the fourth quarter of 2021 throughout last year. That continued into the first quarter. We're going to continue to, on a forward-looking basis, implement rate increases to first catch up and then outpace loss cost trends. But our perspective on rates as we continue to need to push more price through the system, and we intend to do that throughout the balance of 2023.
Mario Rizzo: Sure. So first I'll start with -- as we talked about, we just got approval for a second 6.9% auto rate increase in California, so we're -- going back to the fourth quarter of last year, we've got approval for 2 6.9% rates, and we've done that by working closely with the department to lay out our data and our loss costs. In those conversations, and I think you've seen some of this across the industry, the department is really encouraging carriers to file for the rate need that they have in their book as opposed to going forward with 6.9% rate increase filings, and it's really based on just the volume of rate filings they're getting. So as we talk to the commissioner and the department, we got -- we're able to secure approval for the two 6.9% rate increases, and we intend on filing the balance of our rate need going forward. Does that create risk in intervention? It does. But I think we need to get California auto prices back to where they need to be so that we can create the kind of availability for consumers, really, that they deserve in California. So we're going to work with the department closely, we're going to make that filing, and then we'll see where that takes us going forward.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. We got some rate filings pending with the New York department that hopefully will get resolved soon. And then New Jersey, you see, we were able to implement a rate increase and we're going to come back and file another rate increase. So we're working hard to get these three states off of this page.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. I guess what I would say about severity, again, in that 9% to 11% range is it just remains persistently high, I think, is how I would describe it, and that's true across coverages. It's certainly lower than what our expectations were for severity last year, what our ultimate forecast is for 2022. But it still remains at elevated levels, which is why I go back to we're going to need to continue to push rate through the system through the balance of this year to combat that inflation.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. What I would add Yaron, I'm going to go back to a comment I made earlier, which is we've been pretty consistent on this point of the need to take prices up going back to last year, and that hasn't changed. Now obviously, we react to new data, new information in real-time and the absolute amount of rate we take is going to be dependent on that updated data. As Tom mentioned earlier, we rely on heavy-duty analytics to manage the business and we respond to what's happening in real time, so the amount of rate we need will be dependent on how loss costs play out over time for us. But we're going to continue to push rate through the system. We've been successful at that. I wouldn't get too hung up on quarter-to-quarter fluctuations because that quarterly number is going to bounce around in terms of the rates that were approved in a particular state, and the size of those rates. But I think thematically, I'm going to go back to what we've been saying now for -- over the last year, which is we're going to continue to take the rate that we need to get auto margins back to where they need to be, which is in the mid-90s targets that we have.
Mario Rizzo: Hi Andrew, it's Mario. Thanks for the question. I guess what I'd start with, there's, a number of indices for used car prices. I think you mentioned one with Manheim that tends to focus on wholesale prices. And I think as we all know, that metric was coming down most of last year. Certainly in the back half of last year, and then it started to tick up in the end of the fourth quarter and has continued into this year. What I was referring to earlier is actual total loss severity, which tends to lag the Manheim Index and is more a function of retail used car prices, which have improved, and that's what I was referring to in the quarter. What we saw was actually used car - or I'm sorry, total loss severity actually improved a little bit year-over-year. In terms of the risk going forward, I think, yes. If you look at what's happening with the Manheim Index and other indices. Certainly, they're headed in a different direction than they were headed for much of last year, which adds risk. We've tried to factor that into our severity expectations in terms of what we're recording that 9% to 11% range. But what we actually saw in the first quarter of this year was a modest improvement in total loss severity.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. Thanks for the question, Josh. And homeowners, again, as I talked about in the prepared remarks, is a business that we continue to feel really good about in terms of where it's positioned from a profitable growth perspective. And what you saw in the quarter is that we actually increased policy count by about 1.4%. Retention actually picked up by a temp. And I think there's a couple of things when you kind of unpack what's happening with retention in homeowners because much -- as Tom talked about, we're having to take prices up in auto. The way we're taking price increases is in a highly segmented and targeted way, and that's helping from a retention perspective on homeowners because those bundled customers tend to be our longest-tenured, most profitable customers. We also bundle about 80% of homeowners' policies have on supporting auto line and the retention on a bundled customer where a homeowner that has an auto policy is meaningfully higher than a monoline homeowners, and we're continuing to see the benefit of that. And we've put processes in place both in terms of economic incentives for our agents and sales processes in the call centers on the direct side to incent additional bundling. And we're seeing some nice trends in terms of bundling rates, which is certainly helping homeowner growth through homeowner retention. We're going to continue to look for ways to grow the homeowner business. We think it provides a really compelling risk and return opportunity for us. The results are going to bounce around because there's volatility. This quarter is an example of that with catastrophe losses, but we continue to see our underlying combined ratio and loss ratio improve, and both through leveraging the tactics I talked about for retention production, particularly with bundled customers, we think we can continue to grow that line.
Mario Rizzo: Yes, we're obviously quoting bundled customers right now. And when you look at the business we are writing, we're seeing really nice improvements in terms of quality and lifetime value, which is indicative of that bundling rate. And so yes, we're quoting it. And the other thing you got to remember, and this is true both from a retention and a new business perspective. Bundling, it's an easier experience and a more streamlined experience for customers. There's discounts associated with bundling as well that can help offset higher auto rates and incent customers to stay with us.
Mario Rizzo: Yes, Brian, this is Mario. Thanks for the question. Again, expenses as much as Tom talked earlier about, earned premium and loss ratio, we kind of held serve there. We did see the benefit of a lower expense ratio both in terms of the underwriting expense ratio and the adjusted expense ratio. Where we're at in the kind of continuum on the adjusted expense ratio, we set a goal to get that adjusted ratio down to about 23 by the end of 2024. And we're making really good progress on that, you saw continued progress on that this quarter. We certainly are being helped by higher earned premium which leveraged our cost. But we're continuing to see reductions in both operating costs and distribution-related costs, which are helping the expense ratio. And I talked a little bit earlier about the areas we're focused on, whether it's automation, digitization, sourcing and continuing to drive both operating and distribution costs down. We're going to -- those are really going to be the levers we pull to push the expense ratio ultimately to that goal that we set with Transformative Growth. So we're making good progress, feel really good about that. In terms of the level of marketing spend, certainly, we spent less this quarter on marketing than we did a year ago, and we've pulled that back. I think as Tom said earlier, really from an economic risk and return perspective, it doesn't make a lot of sense for us to invest aggressively in marketing at a time when our prices aren't adequate. But what we will do over time has more rates and -- or, I'm sorry, more states and more markets get to a rate level that we're comfortable with, we're going to surgically lean in. And as one of the components of Transformative Growth, we're going to look to both increase the level and the sophistication of the marketing investment that we make. And that will be commensurate with what we think the opportunity is to grow, so I can't sit here today and give you a specific dollar amount or our target that we're focused on. That's why we gave you the adjusted expense ratio, which excludes marketing costs because we're going to continue to invest in marketing when it makes economic sense and where it makes economic sense for us to lean in.
