John Griek: Thank you, Jonathan. Good morning and welcome, everyone, to Allstate's second quarter 2017 earnings conference call. After prepared remarks by our Chairman and CEO, Tom Wilson; Chief Financial Officer, Steve Shebik and me, we will have a question-and-answer session. Also here are Matt Winter, our President; Don Civgin, the President of Emerging Businesses; John Dugenske, our new Chief Investment Officer; Mary Jane Fortin, President of Allstate Financial; and Eric Ferren our Corporate Controller. Yesterday, following the close of the market, we issued our news release and investor supplement, filed our 10-Q for the second quarter and posted the results presentation we will use this morning in conjunction with our prepared remarks. These documents are available on our website at allstateinvestors.com. As noted on the first slide, our discussion today will contain forward-looking statements about Allstate's operations. Allstate's results may differ materially from these statements, so please refer to our 10-K for 2016, the slides and our most recent news release for information on potential risks. Also, this discussion will contain some non-GAAP measures, for which there are reconciliations in our news release or our investor supplement. We are recording this call, and a replay will be available following its conclusion. And, as always, I will be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have after the call. Now, I'll turn it over to Tom.
John Griek: Thanks, Josh, this is John. It was a combination of factors. One, we have been building up the book of business you expect that the return that the book of business we get larger. But two, favorable markets to the influence when you look at our performance base assets that you have a correlation of about 70% to public markets so that was a fact there. And then three, to answer your question specifically, there were a few idiosyncratic properties that performed quite well and credit to the team that sifts through many-many opportunities there were some down to the one that make most sense to this firm and investment. 
John Griek: Hi, this is John again. As you would imagine that the combination of events can cause changes in yields, not only where you are placed on the yield curve, but also what investments you buy in the market. So part of that is in response to increased holding in securities like high yield and other higher yielding securities. We also did and it should be noted while it is a small move. In the first quarter of this year, we did extend the duration of portfolio by about a quarter of the year and that impacted yields by about 20 basis points.
John Griek: So, I think currently right now the market seems fairly attractive and this kind of goes on cycles. And so we will look at that as part of that financial, obviously, we don’t have to do it because we have plenty of capital and cash. But when opportunities there, we think our track available we want to take advantage of that. 
John Griek: You saw a deal went out earlier this week and a couple of ticks over five. And so when you can issue perpetual equity that as we guarantee a 5% return you can use that as a buyback comment, we think that’s a good trade on behalf of shareholders. And as you know we’ve done a 1 billion a three quarters of it over the last, Steve, two or three years.
John Griek: Four years and we like the results of that. And so there is more -- you wouldn't obviously do this for a $100 million bucks, it’s not worth all the overall effort. So, we haven’t sized it, but there is plenty of opportunities for us to issue given our brand name, our credit capacity and our affiliated payments. 
John Griek: Let me close by, again, thank you all for participating. Overall, we made an excellent on our five operating priorities most importantly better serving the customers, achieving economic returns and capital employ really managing our investments. We also are beginning to focus more on growing the customer base and then always again building long-term growth platform whether that's investing in integrated digital, enterprise or new initiatives like SquareTrade and Arity. Looking forward, we’re just going to stay focus on the 2017 priorities and be precise in the way we execute our business balancing both short-and long-term initiatives. So, thank you all and we’ll see you in the next quarter.
Tom Wilson: Greg, this is Tom. I’ll start and then Matt can jump in. First, we do think we were out early and taking the price increases that were necessary in auto insurance and that has put us in a position to not have -- assuming these trends continue. We don’t think we’ll have to raise prices as much which obviously helps because price is a large component that which we compete on. It’s not the only thing we can compete on, however, so there is a wide variety of ways in which we compete with other people. The other part is it largely depends what other companies do, so it’s -- and it’s hard for -- it's impossible for us to predict what they'll do. So some of the large mutuals which have significant underwriting losses may choose to stay there and then it will have really won’t be any competitive window for us to grab more shares from those specific competitors. Some of our other competitors choose to subsidize various state run losses there by having lower prices -- higher margins in other states. So, I would say, we prefer to be on this end of the equation having improved our profitability. So we’re in a balance position to grow, but I don’t think you can automatically assume that because other people didn’t follow us, that they will follow us or that this is sort of open to buy and it's easy to take business. Matt, you may have some more specific comments.
Tom Wilson: Sarah, this is Tom. So I think you might have to go back and look at the ULAE, your number seemed higher to me. I’m not sure how you’re slicing out, but you can get that from John. Let me pick up on Matt's Virtual Assist, so this is -- that’s really a great technology and we’re making available to other insurance company. Basically, as Matt mentioned, it's face time that combined with your claim system. And so, if what enables you to do, it not yet somebody drive out the body shop to do the supplement and that you can do it remotely. So, we’re -- this is -- it’s available to Arity, so if insurance companies want to use it, this is where we can use our market leading movement here because we think we’re ahead of other people and doing this because you don’t have to go out and train a bunch of body shops how to use this technology. We’ve already trained body shops on it and deployed. So, we’re making that available to other insurance companies. So that's my commercial for Arity.
Tom Wilson: Here is what I would say is, we’re not going to qualify the exact savings. It’s obviously when we take the charge of $52 million, it’s not all that was related to that claim fees. Some was related to restructuring in the legal department. But, we obviously expect the earn net back in a relatively short period of time. And so, that's not five years, it's not five days either. But, so it's pretty substantial savings on an absolute dollar basis. When you look at percentage basis, it's obviously much smaller. Okay, we break all that number -- we break out the restructuring fees by component in the Q.
Tom Wilson: That would make anything of it, Jay. It bounces around. You'll remember the first quarter January and February were much lower, so really better look at it versus the prior year quarter because of weather patterns.
Tom Wilson: Matt will answer for the Allstate brand and then Don will make a comment on Esurance because I think there is one of the analyst write-ups last night there was a comment about the Esurance that makes sense.
Tom Wilson: Kai, the reserves, remember these are relatively short tailed. So, within 90 days you know what it costs to fix a car. So it cycles its way through and we think we are good there.
Tom Wilson: I won't give you a number or percentage. I will just tell you that we always look at these things and expense. We invest heavily in research and development whether that'd be the things we talked about here or Arity for other things, and we believe we can handle with the overall P&L. So we do not resource constrain that. Capabilities and ability to execute might constrains but it is not a money constraint.
Tom Wilson: The operating structure is sort of -- what we did really was try to align its way we allocate capital in a way we think about our businesses and to give you increased transparency. We don't have a specific goal percentage of revenue or profit we want them any of those period businesses. But let me give you an example, if you go to Allstate Financial, it's the way -- even though we showed people many of the underlying numbers. When Mary Jane manages that overall business, she doesn't just -- people would look at the overall ROE and tell it's like 6%, or 7% or 8% in the quarter and that is that -- Allstate benefits has great ROEs, Allstate like has good ROEs and it's dragged down by annuities business, and we felt like we just needed to show people in a different way. And even though some of this information you could parse out and accumulate together by looking at the Q or the K or the investor supplement. This really increases our transparency by bundling it together for you in a way that aligns with the way we think about to manage the business.
Tom Wilson: So, it's not just -- let me be clear, it's not about technology expenses. This is about the cost to for severance for people who were no longer to be required so that's over 500 people, and we have 937 drive-ins, now a lot of those overtime, we structured and month-to-month leases because we knew we are headed here. But we still have in charge to take I mean shut things down, getting leasehold improvements out. So, it's really -- that's not really related to the investment in it at all. It's really related to the shutting down of other stuff. Why does it show up in underlying combined ratio, is the question Matt and I have harangued Steve with for the last three weeks. And our restructuring charges have always been in there, so I think you should expect to continue to see I mean there even though they perhaps are not a continuing and we would think in terms of underlying. So I don’t think you should expect us to take a $52 million charge there in quarter. With that said to the extent we need to take the charge or any charge really, as we manage it quite on cash flow and economic returns. And if it rattles through the P&L, it rattles through the P&L.
Matt Winter: Sure. Thanks, Greg, and it’s Matt. First, it all varies based up geographies, so we’ll start there. On the countrywide basis as I said last quarter, we feel good that we have essentially caught up the loss trends and are now within a more reactive mode where we’re monitoring loss trends and keeping pace with them. But that of course has some variability state-by-state, there are some states where we still have indications and we still need to take some rate. And there are others where we’re doing quite well and things have stabilized.  Overall, we feel really good about our competitive position. In our business with our distribution model, one of the most important things for them is stability and so as we’re stable, as we maintained more normalized adjustments to rate and more inflationary rate adjustments, as we’re able to build multi-month and multi-year marketing plans and give them predictability, they are more willing to invest, they’re able to do long-term business plans. And we see increased quota activity and increased closing rates, and as a result increased new business production. So, we actually feel quite good about our competitive position, it's interesting that you point to rate deductions that you've seen. We still see lots of our competitors with very large indications that are not yet taken all of their indications in some states, and others they're still taking double-digit rates. So, we're seeing it all over the board while we are for the most part very stable in taking modest rate increases, which we believe is very good for our business model.
Matt Winter: Boy, if I could predict the future, Greg, I'd be a very man and Tom will be happier too. What we've seen is a moderation in frequency the first half of this year, as we closed out last year, it was really unclear what frequency would look like, we were as you know monitoring miles driven, monitoring the unemployment rate, monitoring cash prices, and monitoring all those things that fed into miles driven, which fed into in addition to distracted driving fed in tax within frequency. And we've seen some moderation there which has been good for our business, these first two quarter. And we have no way really projecting what is going to look like for the remainder of the year. We feel as I said, good about the fact that it appears not to be making step function changes that is, it appears to be moving in a more normalized basis up and down, normal variability with weather and things like that, which is much easier for us to react to and monitor and take appropriate rates for.
Matt Winter: Yes, let me just add. This is Matt. Let me add just two items for you. You mentioned the new business penalty and whether or not, as we begin growing whether or not that could influence the combined ratio. Certainly, the new business penalty is fact of life that as you grow fast, the newer businesses not yet tenured, they tend to have a higher loss ratio than the more tenured business. One of these things, however, that mitigates against that is that in our reaction to the frequency spreads in the last two years, we took very segmented rate actions, and we took segmented rate actions against those worst performing segments of the book. As a result, the quality of our book increased that led to more defections from the worst performing segments. It also led to us adding few or new customers from those lower performing segments. So, we believe that the new business penalty will be dampened as we add on assuming that we maintain the same high quality, we’ve been seeing lately. So I don’t expect that to be a significant drag. The other things I would point out is that there has been some commentary about whether or not this will cause us to dramatically increase marketing spend to stimulate growth, and really the marketing spend is not the primary driver on the growth right now, as we've discussed many-many times. Retention was actually a bigger influence for us than the new business on our total items in force. And so, we are just as focused on, I am trying to improve our retention within those balance of what we can control, since a lot of it is uncontrollable since it's based upon competitor actions. But for those things that we can influence, such as customer satisfaction and customer engagements and stability of pricing, we're just as focused on the retention component as we are on new business.
Matt Winter: Sure, it's Matt again. So let me just start high first. So, we've talked about integrated digital enterprise and emerging technologies, one of those areas that we are deploying it initially and in quite some force is the claims area. We believe it's an area of primed for it because there it is some inefficiency in the way the model operated. In the past, there was a lot of windshield time, there was a lot of dead time, unproductive time as adjusters drove around, driving to cars, driving to body shops for both initial estimates and supplements, and we looked at that and realized that emerging technologies, data and analytics could rectify that and take some of the inefficiency out of the system. So we began the digitalization of the claims process. Last year, we launched a new immediate payment method which we called Quick Card Pay. Quick Card Pay is the fastest claim payment method in the P&C industry. We make payments directly to the debit cards within seconds. We’ve also been assessing roof damage with from hell event utilizing drowns, and we’ve been doing that quite successfully for the last several quarters. In the last quarter, we open two digital operating centers. They handle auto claims on the countrywide basis by estimating through photos. Approximately half right now of all drivable vehicles are currently being inspected through our Quick Photo method of settlement. That has led to the shutdown of many of our driving claim centers and it has also led to reduce need for fuel adjuster adjusters since we took a lot of that inefficiency out of the system. We now have our adjusters looking at enhance photos, digital photos in the computers without having to drive tooling from the sites. We’ve also began utilizing video chat technology to review supplemental damage with auto body shops, it’s something we call virtual assist and the combination of all those things has led to a dramatically more productive and more efficient claim system. We've taken a cycle that use to take five to seven days in order to get eyes on a vehicle and get an estimate at and we’ve done that now in hours and we are literally doing that in under claim for hour. So, for supplementary instead of having for schedule when adjusted from back out to body shop and look at supplemental damage, we now use to video chat technology same day and we move it along everybody sat either customer get the car back center, the body shop gets the car up their much sooner and they take another car in. And we are reducing rental car time and improving customer satisfaction. So we do believe that the combination to be leads to more efficient system, it leads to obvious cost savings as we take inefficiency out of the system and it leads to greater customer satisfaction. 
Matt Winter: Hi, it's Matt. That's a good question. Obviously when you initiate a massive change in process such as this, the quality is one of the most critical things so we did a lot of testing along the way. We still have testing that we do both secondary reviews as well as reviews in persons. So we do selectively have people doing onsite reviews, as I said in the summary that 50% of the drivable cars right now, so we have to look at. And the reality is that quality has been exceptional, supplements are slightly higher but rather an insignificant amount. And the overall quality is quite good. We are continuing to develop our ability to enhance the digital photos and get better visibility into the damage, obviously as our adjustors get more familiar with how to use these photos and what angles to request and how to change the lighting on it we're able to pick up more-and-more information; we're using some technology to actually help us learn from that and compare photos from similar autos and similar types of accidents to help us baseline. So overall the quality has been quite good, actually slightly better than we expected and the productivity and efficiency savings have been tremendous.
