Glenn Shapiro: Sure. Yes. So we have not completely shuttered Esurance. What we've done is we've redirected our marketing dollars from the Esurance brand to the Allstate brand. And in addition to that, we've invested more in the Allstate brand as well. So – but part of that was being able to move that marketing. So while Esurance has trailed down, we're still taking advantage of the goodwill that we've paid for over years of that brand. And the fact that people recognize it, still find the Esurance out there and they have good products for a portion of our market. So we're still selling some there, but the growth is absolutely being driven by the Allstate brand. As you saw in the supplement that or the Q, we've got 33% increase in direct sold business. So it's really taking off and we've got more capacity going into that system, because a direct system is – I won't say only limited, but a main limiter would be your capacity, your sales capacity in there. So we're growing the contact center, improving web flows and really growing the Allstate branded direct sold business. [Indiscernible] as you know, is part of transformative growth, we're also building a new technology ecosystem, a product management system and a customer experience system. As that gets rolled out, we will shutdown the Esurance system and then we will stop selling products under the Esurance thing. But we have some time to do that.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. Sure. Yes, it would be an apples-to-apples. It's basically just think about customers that come to us by either clicking or calling directly into an 800 number as opposed to the customers that come to us through an agent. So it would be an apples-to-apples comparison.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So thanks Josh, because I think it's an interesting question because I think if you take from a legacy standpoint, National General and what it was best that known for in Encompass and what is best that known for, it would be different as we suggested. But as Tom just pointed out National General and Allstate company, that's going to be a different story. We're launching middle market products. So think about basically the Allstate product capability in the middle market auto and home and other personal lines. On the National General platform and branded as National General and Allstate company starting in the second half of this year and then really fast expansion. So it would be to all 50 States within 18 months of the start of that. So before the end of next year. So really National General and Allstate company is going to be a company that is serving from nonstandard up through a mass affluent, and everything in between. It really is another national player in the independent agent space. And we've gotten a phenomenal reaction from independent agents and they are genuinely excited to have another significant player and with the capabilities of Allstate, National General combined in that market. And so we're positioned really well to grow with a lot of greenfield ahead of us in the independent agent space.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So first I'll talk about frequency a little bit and then go to competitive position. So from frequency standpoint, what we're – everybody has benefited from some lower frequency. But we've also looked at a deeper level at it, but then just sort of miles driven and the number of accidents coming out, because there are differences by books and you see differences in competitors as to how much tailwind that's providing. So, we look at the fact that commuter driven or take it from rush hour losses are down about three points more than overall losses. And we look at rural driving is down about four or five points less than urban driving. And so we look at these that are pretty deep level, and we we're fortunate to work with Arity and have a lot of data on this with 10 years plus of telematics that we get pretty granular into how we're looking at it and understanding the frequency picture. So we've got a tailwind with that, which takes me into competitive position because we've been moving our competitive position pretty aggressively. Like you see a minus 1.5 on average premium, and that might feel or seem slight, but there's a lot underneath that. We've moved new business pricing. We've moved telematic pricing. We've reduced the cost of our Milewise program. That's grown really nicely and all of that is inside of there. So our competitive position on the price changes we've made and that are still going into market have really improved. And our close rates are up. We're starting to see those really positive signs of momentum across multiple states.  And then you put on top of that, the fact that some of our competitors have already taken price increases, some of those out there. We've heard others say that they're going to start taking bites at the apple in terms of price increases. And you look at our position and obviously we're in a position right now. We continue to invest in growth. We can still put money into marketing. We could still put money into competitive price position because of where we're positioned, which really puts us in a great spot to grow going forward.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, absolutely. And Paul, Tom hit a lot of the really important points here. But a couple bear repeating, so no harm being repetitive, but it's really important. So, it's a hard no on the IAP. So, I'll just reiterate, as Tom said, we are dedicated to our exclusive agent model completely. And we believe that there is a not only a meaningful place, but a huge place for our exclusive agents to grow in the market because as Tom said, most consumers still want to work with an agent. So, in the presentation materials that talked about higher growth, lower cost models, so, I'll just hit a couple of things. Lower cost, we've been really reticent in the past to allow agents to consolidate locations or to even go in some cases without real estate or reduce their real estate footprint. We've been very focused on a model that is how many signs do you have up across the countryside. And we're going to really lean in to allowing agents to reduce costs in the way they run their business. And Tom talked a bit about the service. We started that in 2019 and we built it up a bit and everything, but we really have to get to a centralized, and more efficient and effective way of serving customers than separately across 10,000 different locations. And we can take a lot of cost out of the system and reduce the cost for the agents so that they can focus on growth. From a higher growth standpoint, it's about leaning in, on the marketing that they do, that we can help them do more effectively and efficiently as a large enterprise, the lead management that they do, compensating them more for new business, as Tom mentioned also. That's the existing agents and how we want to transition that to higher growth, lower costs. The new models, for example, and we have several hundred of these already in place actually where we are learning from our Canadian operation. Actually, in Canada we have Allstate agents who operate sort of independently from one another. It's not an agent with multiple staff, they are independent workers and producers. And they work on sort of a balance between being in communities, and driving leads themselves and getting leads from the company. And it's been very successful. We're growing very fast in Canada. So, we're leveraging that model and looking at models with no real estate in local markets that are part of the community and are able to take leads and also generate their own leads in that community and grow. So, it's early in the process, but in the second half of the year, we're looking to ramp those up significantly.
Glenn Shapiro: My apologies, I did go on mute there. Yes, so we're focused on those new models. I just mentioned in terms of our recruitment right now. And so we have been, I think, – we have several hundred already and we have a lot more in the pipeline. So, we're looking to grow with those new models. What we're really focused on with the existing agent group, well we’re recruiting sung into the compensation programs that we have as opposed to what we called enhanced compensation program, which was a higher cost model before we're recruiting some into that as more of what you had refer to as a traditional exclusive agent. But the heavier emphasis on our recruiting is on those new models, where with our existing agents, we are really focused on investing to get more of those agents growing and wanting to grow. The good news is they are growing right now. We have increased new business production with our existing established agents. So, when you see the total that somebody referenced earlier, it's slightly down on the overall agency force that is driven by sort of a lack of new appointments, the existing agents, new businesses up year-over-year
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, absolutely. So, retention is a lagging metric, first of all I’ll start there. Wherever or whenever a customer decides to cancel, move, shift we record it and report it at the point of what would have been the renewal. So, there's a bit of a lag to that. So, while we stopped the special payment plans during last year, there's still some of that trick going in. So as Tom said, attribution is difficult on this. But there's a portion of it that's related to that. No question. Secondly though it is a highly competitive market right now, shopping is up, advertising is up and there is some impact from that. It's interesting. When you look at National General, as an example, if you saw in some of our disclosures, like National General’s, new business, it's really eye-popping, because National General writes a lot more new business to grow because they have a shorter cycle time. As our business shifts and we look at overall protection business and we're writing in more markets, and we're writing direct and not just through our exclusive agents, that number will move around a little bit on retention, but our focus is to create a lot of new business. We're going to do that. That's what transformative growth is about. We're going to create a lot of new business so that the undulations of retention don't mute our overall growth.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, absolutely. And to the question of, is it driving the direct growth, I would say, no. Direct growth a majority of that is not Milewise. It's an interesting thing to look at, as Tom said, when you look at it inside a company like Allstate, Milewise will look relatively small. It's up, this year it's something close to in autos. Policies, I think, are foreign change times, autos are six in change times what they were a year prior. So significant growth. If this was a standalone startup sitting outside of a large insurance company like Allstate, it is the largest in the industry pay by mile program. And it would look really big, and really fast growing and really attractive. Inside of Allstate, it is helping our growth, but it is not driving our growth, is the way I'd say that. We're looking to expand over time on Milewise. Right now, it's available to about 50% of consumers across the country. And we have more states lined up for that. It does require the OBD port, which, I think, everybody knows there are chip shortages out there. We have not run into a problem where we have to slow down our – Milewise at this point. But we are actively managing our supply chain on it because it is a popular product. And we're managing our state expansion and looking at that so that we don't run into a supply chain issues.
Tom Wilson: Well, let me take the branding question then Glenn can fill in how we're doing the transition, because it's different for Encompass than it is for the Allstate independent agent. So first from a branding standpoint, we've decided that the Allstate brand and personal property liability will be on business that we control both the sales and the service on it. So that's both the Allstate agents and then direct whether that's a web or call center. For the independent agent business, we've rebranded National General. So it's National General and Allstate company and we launch it, I think beginning of January. So that you get the relationship with Allstate, but that everybody understands that it's separate than that, which you would get from an Allstate agent. We do not do that with the Allstate brand in the circle of protection. So for example, we sell under the Allstate name at Walmart, sell under the Allstate name at Home Depot, at target, which gives us both increased exposure to customers, enables us to further leverage that capability. And quite honestly, it's helped us dramatically expand Allstate protection products because of the power of their brand. So slightly different strategy from a branding standpoint, inside the personal property liability markets and outside, but we try to leverage it everywhere we can, but provide, make sure that that brand stands for certain things in different areas. Glenn, do you want to talk about your plans to both integrate Encompass and Allstate independent agents into National General and then Josh’s question on branding at the same time.
Tom Wilson: It will be at part of National General and Allstate company, correct. Whether we grow the policies to a new policy or leave the policy outstanding under the Encompass name and basically put National General stuff on top of it, it would just depend on the cost of it. And Encompass, it goes first and the Allstate independent agent, which is Allstate brand products sold through independent agents in rural spaces where it was not economic to have a captive agent, mostly there's a few places where it didn't work that way, but mostly that will transition over time as well.
Tom Wilson: Well, we're not – we don't give forecast on if growth or frequency or case tasks, these things you can't predict. Let me talk about growth a little bit, because it is really an important question that many analysts have. And of course it drives huge value in the market today. And so we were starting to have first actuals matter and we had a great quarter. I mean, over 25% revenue growth, our fifth growth was in the low teens. And we're headed towards increasing our market share pretty significantly in personal lines this year, which is consistent with our strategy. I guess what we set out to do? Now, you'd have some naysayers and say, well, you bought it with the acquisition of National General. And that's of course true. But you always have to investigate market share. In this case, it is real growth. And we look at it and said, if we had taken the net price that we paid for National General and thrown it into marketing or higher commissions or some kind of spiff. It likely would have given us less growth than we got. And certainly not the kind of profitability we're getting from it. The same thing, but we did buy it. But we did the same thing with Allstate protection plans, right? We bought SquareTrade. We repositioned it with our brands and that acquired growth and turned into an organic growth platform. We expect the same thing to happen with National General. The difference is we paid a slightly higher premium for SquareTrade than we did for National General. As it relates to the Allstate brand, we have multiple ways to grow, right. We got the Allstate agents and we're making – helping them transition to a new model. We have the direct business, which we've launched in is so by the way, at a different price than through an agent, because we believe customers should pay for what they get. And if you get an agent and get that help, you should be willing to pay for that. And so overall we feel like the Allstate brand is positioned for long-term growth as well. And so we feel like we've got an overall plan to move forward, has got transformative growth in it. It's got real growth this quarter and it's got – we're building platforms and we'll continue that growth going forward.
Tom Wilson: And Glenn, let me just add last point which is when you see that little red bar on our graph, that was an intentional choice on our part, not a flaw in the system. So, it's not like we decided that, you know what, we were hiring these new agents, we required them to have their own office, we require that they have support staff. To make that work when you have no customers, we're paying 30% upfront commissions which then stayed high for it, not at 30%, but stayed higher than customers should have to pay for them for about five years. And we said what, but this is not the model of the future. We could have kept that going while we develop these new models. And the system would look like it would have been generating more growth than it is today. But we say, economically, that's just not the smart thing to do. Like we're not using shareholders money, right. And that's where we get into which the conversation we’re talking about before is profitable growth. If you're going to [indiscernible] profitable long-term growth, and so you have some bumps, but that's not about a flaw in the system. That's about an intentional choice.
Tom Wilson: David let me provide an overview and Glenn, you can take the impact of the pandemic billing stuff. First, I would say retention is really hard to do attribution on. People leave for all different reasons. And sometimes it's for price, sometimes it's because they move, sometimes it's they bought a new car. And so, it's difficult to get it down to precision to, in a point.  What you do know is if your net promoter score is good and you are doing a better job for customers, they should stay around longer. And if you are competitive in price and you are changing your price not only for new business, which we've done, but also for your existing customers, which we've done, so they have a better price and that should also keep them. But there's lots of different variations. So it's kind of really hard to predict it. Glenn, do you want to talk about how you're feeling about retention this quarter? And again, we have a hard time, nobody really knows how to predict retention.
Tom Wilson: Thank you for the questions, I think, we're out of time here, it’s top of the hour, and we try to be respectful of your time. Obviously, we appreciate you coming to spend time with us in here about us. We had an excellent quarter the work and you saw from that first slide, the amount of expertise and effort that went into delivering all that for the quarter. It wasn't just this quarter, it's what we do over time, but we feel good about where we're at. So, we've had great operating results as well. So, thank you for your participation. And we'll see you next quarter.
