Robert Block: Thanks, Matt. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today for Allstate's first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. We'll begin this morning with some prepared remarks from Tom Wilson, Steven Shebik and me. Following that, we will open it up for your questions. Joining us for the Q&A session are Don Civgin, Head of Allstate Financial and Insurance; Judy Greffin, Chief Investment Officer; Sam Pilch, our Controller; and Matt Winter, Head of Auto, Home and Agencies. Late yesterday, we issued our press release and investor supplement, as well as our 10-Q for the first quarter of 2012. We also posted a slide presentation, which will be used in conjunction with our prepared remarks. As noted in our press release and 10-Q, Allstate adopted new deferred acquisition cost accounting guidance on a retrospective basis as of January 1, 2012. Accordingly, all prior period balances have been adjusted. The DAC and shareholders' equity balances were reduced by $572 million and $376 million, respectively, when compared to the previously reported December 31, 2011 balances. We filed an 8-K yesterday reflecting these adjustments, and we added a few pages in our investor supplement that have details on the adjustments. All of these documents can be accessed from our website.  Referring to the first slide of the presentation, this discussion may contain forward-looking statements regarding Allstate's operations. Actual results may differ materially from those statements. So please refer to our 10-K for 2011, our 10-Q for the first quarter 2012, our 8-Ks filed yesterday in May 2 and our most recent press release for information on potential risks. This discussion will contain some non-GAAP measures for which there are reconciliations in our press release and on our website.  As always, I'll be available after this call to answer any follow-up questions you may have.  Now let's begin with Tom Wilson.
Robert Block: No. The difference is, the 5.8% -- this is Bob -- that you see in the supplement, that's where the -- that's the average of the rates taken in the state specific. What's on the chart is the 4 quarter moving countrywide impact of rates. So they're 2 different numbers.
Robert Block: No. If you took the 4 quarters of the supplement for the countrywide, you'd get the 4%. And add them up, you'd get close to 4%.
Thomas J. Wilson: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on what I know is a very busy day for you. I'll cover our performance relative to our 2012 priorities. Within the context of our overall strategy, Bob and Steve will follow with more details on the drivers of our results.  If you go to Slide 2, our strategy is to sell unique protection products to different customer segments. The left side prefers the personal assistance of a local agent, whereas the right side is very comfortable purchasing directly from a call center or over the Web. So lower segments -- the segments on the lower half of the grid are less price sensitive than the upper half. So we serve all 4 segments of customers.  Our 2012 priorities are to maintain auto profitability, to raise returns in homeowners and the annuity businesses, to grow insurance premiums and to proactively manage our investments and capital. So this strategy and those 2012 priorities are designed to enable us to achieve the goal of producing operating return on equity of 13% by 2014.  Turning to Slide 3. It was a good start for 2012, with strong financial results for the first quarter. On a consolidated basis, we generated net income of $766 million. It was an increase over the prior year first quarter of 46%, and it was driven primarily by improvements in operating results. On an operating income basis, we increased almost 44% to $710 million or $1.42 per diluted share. The underlying Property-Liability combined ratio for the quarter was 88.1, which is 1.8 points better than Q1 of 2011.  Now we made progress in each of our priority areas. We maintained auto profitability in the first quarter, with the Allstate brand standard auto combined ratio of 95.2, an increase of 0.2 points compared to Q1 of 2011. Now there's some pressure on the cost side of business, which we're addressing to protect our margins. We continue to improve returns in homeowners, with an underlying combined ratio for the Allstate brand of 67, which is 7 points better than the first quarter of last year and essentially, equal to the fourth quarter of last year. We remain focused on our profit improvement actions in this line, as continued improvement is a critical component to achieving the goal of 13% operating ROE by 2014.  Allstate Financial's operating income was up largely based on higher partnership income. While we made some improvement in returns on the annuity business due to higher partnership income, the low interest rate environment continues to be a challenge for us in raising returns in that business.  Overall, premiums increased, reflecting the acquisition of Esurance, higher average homeowner premiums and growth in the emerging businesses. Esurance's policies in force grew in the first quarter from the year-end 2011, as benefits of our new marketing programs begin to be realized. We did have an expected reduction in auto policies and Allstate Agency channel, reflecting profit improvement actions in the auto line in Florida and New York and the impact of raising homeowner prices for multi-line customers. Our investment results were very good despite the challenging interest rate environment.  Finally, from a capital management perspective, we raised the dividend and repurchased $300 million from the current stock buyback authorization. Our book value per share increased 8% and 6.6% from the first quarter of 2011 and year-end 2011, respectively.  So now Bob and Steve will provide more details on our results for the quarter.
Thomas J. Wilson: Michael, this is Tom. The -- Don might want to make a comment about the first quarter seasonality Esurance, but let me give you some perspective on sort of how we allocate resources. Each brand stands on its own. So the advertising for the Allstate brand is separate and distinct, and we'll invest whatever we need to do to keep that brand strong and that business growing. The same is true for Esurance. So we look at the economics of those in total. We do not put those together and have a total ad spend budget. We do what we think makes sense. Obviously, we launched a new program in December of last year with Esurance. And along with that, we increased our ad spend, and we like what the have there. Don, you might want to talk a little bit about just first quarter results on Esurance.
Thomas J. Wilson: Can I -- let me add to that. I think as you're thinking about growth, really should start with looking at a different customer segments, begin the analysis there, then drop into products. So as Matt just said, the Allstate Agency service those people who want local advice assistance, want branded products by bundles, like bundled product. And so when you're looking at the efforts to maintain homeowner returns, at the same time, you try to grow your auto business and obviously compound that. And of course, we have our issues in New York and Florida. If you look at Esurance, on the other hand, that's the self-serve side of that matrix. You can see that Esurance is growing and competing effectively with GEICO and Progressive. And then if you look on the Encompass side, that was -- we will not turn that business. They've gotten a lot smaller. That was really our issue. We've changed leadership. I don't think we've got it all in the right -- it's headed in the right direction, but we don't have it fixed yet. So I think, really, as we're thinking about growth in the future, it's helpful to set that in the context the way Matt did of who are the customer groups that you're serving and how do you grow within that customer group.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, this is Tom. It's hard to comment on what other people's results are. I mean, obviously, I think Progressive got hit with some reserve changes that they had to make down in Florida. I can't speak to GEICO since they're not -- they don't publicly disclose all the stuff that you can really go over. I would say, when you look at our practices in auto insurance, we pay attention to it at a very local level. We have good operating discipline around it. We're watching the trends. You see that the countrywide ones, the frequency is down, but a lot of frequency is down because of New York and Florida. So we're looking at a level below that. Matt and his team are on top of that, so they have a number of places where they are managing rate. That's why you see some -- 10 states had some increases. So we believe in small frequent adjustments rather than large and infrequent in terms of managing our business from a customer standpoint.
Thomas J. Wilson: PC is about 2/3, life is about 1/3. You can see that in the underlying numbers. In the 10-Q, we have those splits.
Thomas J. Wilson: Josh, this is Tom. Maybe to give you a little longer-term perspective, too. In 2005, I think it was after Katrina, we looked and said, "Should we get out of the business?" And we broke it into 3 buckets: one was make it cats, hurricanes and earthquakes; two was non-model cats; and three was just sort of the normal slip, fall, low severity, high-frequency events. And so we went off at all -- we went at all 3 of those components. We went first at the cat thing. I would say we made tremendous progress here, and we're pretty close to being where we want to be. But there are a few states where we still got some more work to do. But we like what we've done in Florida, what we've done around the coast. We're down over 1 million policies in homeowners as a result of many of those changes. The second piece was non-model cats. That's the part that popped really in '08, '09, '10 and '11. And as Matt said, we've been hard at work on that for the last 3 years, and I totally agree that it's hard to predict when that one will be done because you got to figure out what the weather will be in the future. And then the third piece was just the normal slips and falls. And we got a little behind in '08, '09 as cost increases due to commodity prices and oil prices spiking in those periods. Our actual underlying severities on non-catastrophe-related stuff went up. So I feel like we've made a lot of progress on that piece, too. So I would say #1 and #3, we're pretty far along, and #2, a little harder to sort out. About 75% or so of our homeowners business that's written comes with another product. So we're not there. That said, we'd like -- as Matt said, we'd like it to be a lead line. When Matt and his team get this -- get house and home rolled out, get the pricing right, we believe that being a provider of a wide variety of products for that personal touch loyalist customer who likes to bundle stuff will be a competitive advantage for us.
Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, we don't want to do forecast of growth, so we're working our way through it. Unfortunately, I'm not going to give an answer on when we expect that to turn, but we are obviously hard at work. Matt's team segment said we do provide some information on where we're growing outside of areas where we have big challenges, like New York and Florida. On Esurance, there's a bunch of our purchase accounting stuff in there, so the combined ratio is really 106 when you strip out all the other stuff. And we do provide -- we added a new sheet to the investor supplement which has the loss ratio in it, which should be able to give you the -- a bill, which is Page 26. And you can -- we show in there the loss ratio, and you can see the loss ratio is down at 73. And then you can look at the -- what we spend in marketing, and you could do some estimates. We do that so that you can see that we believe this is -- we're riding it at an economic rate, that we're not just growing and funding by giving the business away.
Thomas J. Wilson: You can see the first piece, you can't see the second piece. But you should assume that Matt has depth and understanding behind his comment that in those places where we take homeowner rates above 10%, we have growth challenges in those places where it's less than 10%, and we feel pretty good about our business.
Thomas J. Wilson: I'll start with, what we would call, Alison -- I'll start with what we would label as our emerging businesses. Don might want to talk a little bit about some further growth in Esurance, other things we can do there. Matt can talk about non-standard, because there's a number of places we are pushing on growth. And coming back to our customers, we do believe that our customers want to buy in the Allstate channel a wide variety of products. So we're doing quite well in motorcycles right now. We need to do better in a wider variety of stuff. We're doing great in Good Hands Roadside, which is our "pay as you go" roadside thing that we launched on a national basis as part of Grow to Win last year. And so that business has, what we would call, consumer household business, and our motor club business are doing well. We think we can continue to accelerate growth in those areas. Encompass is -- when you look at over the last 4 years, Encompass is a significant portion of the decline we have in total premiums. We did not properly position that business in that channel, which are people who want local advice but are less concerned about who the company is, and they tend to be a little more price sensitive. So our -- we got the wrong business, we got it through the wrong agency owners. We've repositioned that business. You see a small growth in that business in the first quarter of this year. I'm not satisfied that we have that completely positioned yet to grow. They have more work to do, but we believe there's upside there because if we just get back what we lost, we'll pick up about $700 million or $800 million premium. So that's a good growth. Don, I don't know if you want to talk about potential to add products to Esurance and the positioning of the risk profile in terms of preferred. And then, Don, maybe you can go to non-standard and then if you want to say anything else.
Thomas J. Wilson: And Dan, I'll make an overall comment on the agency consolidation, and Matt might want to talk about some things he has going on. First, the agency consolidation makes it sound like we don't want everybody. Everybody counts. You can be a big agency, you can be a middle agency, you can be a new agency. We are seeking to have all of them be more successful on behalf of our agency -- of our customers. And so we have programs around there. I think the net of that is, some people have chosen to leave, so we have a fewer. But it's not as -- it's not like we're trying to get rid of a certain class of agencies. If you're taking care of our customers who are happy, we have to help you, support you, because bigger agencies do have more capabilities. So we're helping build [indiscernible] going to help build the efforts for the capabilities for other agencies as well. Matt, maybe you want to talk about some of that.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yes, that is true, Dan. And certainly, the bigger they are, the better and easier to do that. But I think what got lost in that translation was we can do some of that centrally for our agencies, so that even if you only have 1,800 accounts, we can make you look and feel like a 3,000-account agency.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, I think if you look at our track record, you can see if we don't have a good use of the capital, we give back to shareholders. This -- we do see -- you're correct in saying this is an accelerated pace on this one, this billion dollar program, which should be done by February '13. And we're obviously ahead of pace on that. We saw the stock was so cheap, we just thought we ought to be buying it back faster so, we rushed and did it. We're making good money, we still have -- when we get done with this authorization, then we'll figure out where we're going next.
Thomas J. Wilson: Alan, this is Tom. When we announced the billion dollar share repurchase, we said there were 3 places we would source the capital from. First was we had a deployable capital at the holding company level. Second, we said we obviously will have earnings. And we said if those are not enough, then we will issue the preferred. Obviously, given what's happened with earnings, we haven't seen the need to do that, so we're -- we don't feel like we need to issue it at this point in time.
Thomas J. Wilson: Other personal line. I would say 1 quarter does not make -- they had a good quarter. I think we -- but there are some portions of that business that are not operating as well as we would like them to be, so for example, in there, you have manufactured housing and a few other things, so -- which were not yet well priced on. We have some businesses that we like a lot, so there's 7 or 8 things. They're headed in the right direction. Last year, we had an underwriting loss on those businesses in large part because of catastrophes. But even when you exclude catastrophes, we thought we could run a higher profit margin in those businesses, given where the competitors are. And so we have some work to do still. But we feel good. They had a good quarter, so we're happy about it.
Thomas J. Wilson: I would say, Matt and his team have a whole variety of initiatives going on relative to growth, most of which you've talked about. The one that is not -- we haven't spent as much time talking about either on the positive or negative side is retention. And part of Grow to Win, which I think I've mischaracterized publicly, Grow to Win was really a one task of component of our overall business strategy. And then we had more marketing programs for customers. We wanted to launch Good Hands Roadside on a national basis, we wanted to do a number of local programs to engage agencies in growth. And we had a program focused on retention, which we had our employees calling out on behalf of the agencies. We called 1 million customers. And so the retention part is something that we're hard at work on. It's a little difficult when you're doing things like New York and Florida and you're raising homeowner rates to get overall retention, but I would say that's the other part of our growth program, which you didn't mention, and then Matt talked about non-standard. I don't know if there's anything else you want to add.
Thomas J. Wilson: Everyone keeps circling around this one. If you look at the business model and the way it renews and the way the customer flows work, it takes a while to overcome declines in retention and declines in the new business. So I don't think you should expect to see those turn around soon. We're obviously working on them. They're different in each market. Florida's got some new legislation passed, although it's also got some pricing components to that, so we're kind of watching that one closely. New York, we feel good about the operational position, wherein it's a little less fluid in terms of being able to adjust if you don't have it quite right. And we have a relatively sizable decline in both retention and new business here. Now we've rolled out some new pricing in New York. But -- so we're about growing in the right way, but I don't think you should expect to see us start talking about growth, including New York and Florida being up in the near term.
Thomas J. Wilson: Brian, this is Tom. If you want to look at used car prices over a longer period of time, there are some measures out there, and what you would see is from sort of 1999 to 2009, they kind of were down to slightly flat over that entire 10-year period, which, of course, happen to coincide with massive amounts of new car production sales in the United States. Of course, then in '09, when new car sales went way down, then you saw the opposite. So you could [indiscernible]. Our job is not to predict that but is to react to it, and that's exactly what Matt's team is doing.  Okay. Well, thank you, all, for joining us today. We're off to a good start in 2012, but we obviously have more work ahead of us this year. But we do have our 4 priorities we're focusing on, which is maintain auto profitability, raise returns in homeowners and annuity businesses, grow insurance premiums and then proactively manage our investments and capital. Successful execution of those will keep driving shareholder value up. Thank you, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Don Civgin: Yes. The -- first of all, Esurance does have a more seasonal business than Allstate, and so their first quarter spend tends to be higher. We spend about $45 million in advertising in the first quarter, and we did that as -- partially, as Tom said, because the launch of the new campaign, the rebranding of Esurance, we wanted to get some weight behind it. I'm happy to say it's working as well as we expected it to. So we're seeing good response rates, good customer mix changes, conversion ratio is improving as we would have expected. So I think, as Tom said, we'll continue to spend money so long as it's economic to do so. And at the moment, it feels like we're spending the right amount, subject to the seasonality of the first quarter.
Don Civgin: The year-over-year change is minimal, but it's actually very small. But it rolls up into other. So it's not under Esurance.
Don Civgin: Yes, Alison, it's Don Civgin. We've only had Esurance for one full quarter now. But I would tell you, I think we are just as happy as the day we made the announcement, if not more at this point when we look at what the opportunity -- the breakout opportunity to your question is with Esurance. A lot of good things are taking place. The integration is going quite well. Some of that is going to be efforts to reduce costs so that we're taking advantage of scale and process improvements and claims. Contract renegotiations have been very fruitful as well. Tom's right, I think we're looking at launching a series of new additional products for Esurance, increasing the number of states that they will be operating in, because if you recall, when we acquired them, they were not in all 50 states. And we are adding the benefit of our kind of deep pricing knowledge, particularly as it relates to our customer segment just a little bit different than theirs. So none of that's rolled out yet. It's all going to be part of the customer value proposition over the next year or 2 as it grows. But I would tell you, even in the first quarter -- now we don't report year-over-year results because we didn't own them a year ago. But if you look at their gross written premium compared to when White Mountains reported them last year, they're up 6.5% in the first quarter. So that's the result of some advertising and a new campaign and so forth. But when you ask us their breakout opportunity, I think there's a substantial opportunity for Esurance as they build the value proposition around their customer.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes. Mike, this is Matt. I'll try to answer that for you. We had some great product and profit improvement in that line. I'd say about 60% of it was temporary and 40% sustainable. So a large portion was cats and weather x cats. But a significant portion was rates, inspections, correct class actions, the nonrenewal actions and the blocking and tackling that's been done. So I think we're -- I wouldn't say we're ahead of plan or behind plan. I think we are making significant progress about where we thought we'd be, and we feel confident that we're doing the type of fundamental steps necessary to improve the long-term profitability on the business. And we continue a plan that includes rollout of a new homeowners product, house and home, that helps us deal with roof costs specifically. There is some pressure from pricing on roofing. Roof prices fell 2 years in a row from 2008 but had their first increase of 12% in 2011. So we know we have to get out in front of that, and we are with our new product. So we feel pretty confident that fundamentals have helped us dramatically, but it's no denying the fact that first quarter was helped also significantly by just the lack of cats and the weather x cats.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. Well, obviously, there is an impact of taking homeowners rate actions on not only home but also on our auto customers and our PIF. We're also in places where it's necessary taking rate actions on the auto side, which is compounding that. So when you combine the 2, it's having, what I'd say, is a chilling effect on our ability to grow PIF right now, as we have a core focus on the profitability side. We feel like that's the right balance right now. We believe that growth in the absence of profitability is the wrong strategy. And so we're pretty disciplined right now as far as focusing on getting rate adequate both in homeowners and auto and accepting but not liking the fact that it can impact our ability to grow. The competitive environment is interesting. I think some of the multi-line companies are now raising their homeowners rates a little later than I think we did in some -- a few early adopters. So my expectation is that we will no longer be alone in the marketplace taking rate, that -- now that many of our competitors, even though you may think of them as auto-only competitors, they're offering nonproprietary homeowners products in an attempt to bundle. So even those traditional auto-only companies are getting some of these collateral impact on the raising of homeowners rates. And that's especially true for that market segment, the personal touch loyalists who prefer to bundle their products and aren't looking for independent providers of their individual insurance products.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes, I think I heard enough. If I start answering a different question than you asked, please [indiscernible].
Matthew E. Winter: Okay. So I don't think it's prudent for me to guess a percentage of how far we are along in our path. I would say we've made significant progress in taking a look at our homeowners offerings on a state-by-state and region-by-region and even locality basis to determine where we believe we have long-term prospects of making an acceptable return for the acceptable level of risk. And we began that process and have done a great deal of work there. As a result, we're making decisions about those areas where we will begin offering nonproprietary homeowners products and brokering products so that we can serve our customers with a complete portfolio but not necessarily always with an Allstate-branded product. And so we are doing a fair amount of work in our brokering operation and on our E&S segment to take a look at more, I'd say, more of a refined view of looking at our markets and determining what product should be offered where. That takes some time. It takes some time to build up the brokering capability, to build up the linkages from a technology standpoint so we can serve those customers the same way we would serve customers with our Allstate-branded product. And we are, I think, making excellent progress there. To your unbundled question, look, homeowners is often the lead product in our marketplaces. In some areas, it is their #1 go-to customer product and then they follow with auto. It is possible that we are seeing some areas where they're getting homeowners products, and for whatever reason, we do not then get to follow on auto. But our focus and our incentives and our goal is to provide a bundled product offering, deep relationship with multi-products to our customers, so they can get the true full value of working with an Allstate agent.
Matthew E. Winter: No, I don't believe we've overshot the mark. I think that those 2 markets are obviously extremely volatile and extremely difficult. We have challenges there on the regulatory and legislative side. We have some challenges in some of the PIF trends. We've taken firm and decisive action there. I do not believe we've overreacted there. We're trying to reposition and stabilize and ensure that when we begin growing, that it is all profitable growth. And so I actually think the team and the agents in those 2 regions have done exceptionally well in managing through very difficult circumstances and still maintaining good customer relationships and good customer satisfaction. So I don't feel like we've overshot the target. I think that we're -- we've hit pretty much a bull's-eye on both of those, and we'll continue our efforts in a careful, disciplined way.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes, the only thing I'd add, Jay, is it gets lost here, but we did grow auto at year-over-year first quarter in 24 states. So a lot of what you see is an aggregation, driven by a couple of large states with a lot of rate action taking place there that is causing a decline.
Matthew E. Winter: This is Matt, Alison. I'll touch on non-standard a little bit. We've shown a slight improvement in new business over the prior year. We stabilized the Allstate blue states, and we've had a little bit of a surging new business in the non-Allstate blue states. But nevertheless, those 30-day retention continues to decline, and our items in force continue to decline. We've slowed that down a little bit. I've asked our group to take a very long, hard look at ways of getting more substantially back in, what I'll call, the near non-standard or the near standard niche here, possibly not the full non-standard all the way down market, but those borderline cases. And so we will do a fair amount of work over the next 3 to 6 months to assess our opportunity there. It's an area that I think has great long-term potential if done right. And if done in a disciplined, careful manner, which includes some variations on the business model and how you bill and how some of the underwriting rules are executed, and so I see it as a growth opportunity that we should be very careful about how we tap into so that we do it right. Because as I said before, growth without the profitability could destroy shareholder value, and we're about building shareholder value.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. So at a high level, there's such a diversity in markets and geographies that we cover that having some artificial numbers about what is the appropriate size agency just makes no sense in a system like ours. So what we're all about doing, and what Tom was referring to, is creating an economically viable agency that's able to appropriately serve their customers and grow and develop so that these are vibrant businesses that are really serving Allstate customers the way they deserve to be served. And so we're allowing the economics of the system to drive things. And so in a lot of cases, we have smaller agencies that see a path to getting to the right size for them and their geography to be supportable. And we're helping them every step of the way, and we'd love them to grow. So we don't really have, in my opinion, an agency consolidation strategy. We have an agency help strategy to help all of our agencies become vibrant, economically self-sufficient and capable of serving customers. Next week, in Las Vegas, we have a conference. We have opened up that conference. It was typically a recognition conference for people who achieved a certain level of production. We've opened it up to additional non-qualifiers who are paying their own way to go there. And we have over 4,000 attendees from agency owners and exclusive financial specialists who have attended, of which 44% of them are paying their -- I'm sorry, 44% of them, this will be their first national conference of any type, which is very powerful. It's an opportunity for people who have not achieved levels of success that would have allowed them to attend a recognition conference before, be around people who have and learn best practices from their peers and colleagues, exchange ideas in how to approach and serve the marketplace. And so we're really excited about that. And we, in fact, have workshops and seminars available for every size agency there to help them all be successful. So I think we did a bad job previously on explaining our strategy, if you think of it as a consolidation strategy because I don't think...
Matthew E. Winter: Yes, I guess you mentioned broadening the target, and in fact, we are rolling out some refinements to our auto pricing state-by-state that will have the impact of broadening the target in the first state that it rolled out in, the first pilot. It improved close rates by just over 2 percentage points. So that was very encouraging. We have a carefully thought-out rollout plan for this year of -- about capability. Don't forget, we also have Claim Satisfaction Guarantee that's being rolled out. We have a tremendous number of initiatives. We're trying not to overwhelm the field with initiatives, yet provide growth-oriented initiatives where they're most needed. And my firm belief is, as the need for taking rate and doing reinspections and rate reclassifications, et cetera, diminishes, it will free up agent time and the agent capacity to focus on the things they like doing the most, which is growing and serving their customers. So we feel like the trend line is good. It's hard to tell you exactly when we're "ready to grow" in New York and Florida, but we're on the right path.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes, Vinay, I mentioned earlier that whether it's 60-40 or 50-50, some percentage is temporary due to weather in cats and some is very sustainable due to rates, inspections, correct class actions, non-renewals, the actions we're taking to ensure that we're increasing, what I'd call, the underwriting muscle in that line. And so I think it's very sustainable, and I think we're feeling very good about it.
Matthew E. Winter: This is Matt, Brian. Well, yes, we saw the third consecutive month that the Manheim Index showed an increase in used car prices. So, in fact, every month of that quarter, we saw an increase in used car prices, which certainly drove some of it. We also remember had a very good weather quarter, which decreased the number of small fender benders. So the accidents that occurred tended to be the larger ones not related to weather. And I'd say that's the predominant piece. BI is moving along with the relevant index, the medical CPI. And PIP is within our expectations. So the thing that we're pretty focused on is PD severity. Frequency looks relatively benign with gasoline prices and the continued benefits from New York and Florida.
