Tom Wilson: Good morning, Josh is Tom, I'll start and then Glenn can jump in first as you know, we've long been focused on bundling auto and homeowners because those are good, stable, long-term customers. You do get a discount for putting those two together. So there's an advantage to the customer from buying it and putting it all in one place besides just having 1 point of contact. And we've been good at that. If you look at our growth in Homeowners this year. It's higher than our growth in auto insurance. And data appears to be because we are doing more bundling of individual customers, it a little hard to get the exact attribution, but we feel good about what our agents are doing to drive that. As it relates to the Gross event. We've been we've repositioned as business over multiple years back in the middle -- late 2 thousand decade of 2,000, we've made of course a bunch of money since over the last eight or nine years, I think almost $9 billion of underwriting income on homeowners which you need to do because we don't believe that a 4 point margin is attractive for homeowners for a couple of reasons. One is you don't get much investment income. Secondly, you got to put up more capital because the results are more volatile and you have the big tail losses. So as we seek to grow it, we bring all of that math to bear. On individual states is where we grow. And so if there's a state where even if there's a fair amount of catastrophe exposure but we think we can get a good return, that's got a margin on it that compensates us for the capital we have to put up and the reinsurance we have to buy, then we'll do that. And we're highly sophisticated in the way we run it. So the geographic focus is really -- we have a much highly sophisticated model into it. On the direct business, you don't sell as much direct homeowners right now, we still need to crack the code on that. Before I -- Glenn will have some view on how we can continue to run the table in homeowners as we have so far. But the -- an upcoming thing that Glenn might want to touch on, is what we're doing in the independent agent channel because of the National General platform gives us, with our products, our expertise, our pricing, our claims management. And our reinsurance programs gives us the ability to really serve a lot of customers. [Indiscernible]
Tom Wilson: Hey [Indiscernible] let me just ask that because I think I understand why you're trying to triangulate between what's going on in the industry. First, we don't have a catastrophe exposure problem. We don't have a profitability problem. We believe in homeowners. We only made about -- we lost about $16 million bucks and $7.3 billion so far this year. So we'd like to make more money, but as Glenn pointed out, when you look over a longer period of time, we've had a fair amount of ups and downs, but we still make underwriting profit sense of 12-month basis. So we don't have a catastrophe problem. So we don't have to restrict stuff and end up with -- what you're poking at is retention issues. We have been there and done that though And it was called the repositioning we did in the latter part of the decade I mentioned. And when you call a customer and say, I used to have -- you used to be insured with us and now I am not going to insure your thoughts and we were one of the biggest brokers have homeowners insurance products. I think in the country and maybe Vegas. And through our advantage in even when you say to people, here's another Company. It has some impact on your auto business. So because people are like, Well, I'll take my business someplace else or competitors decide they want to, they want to bundle and they'll go get those customers as well. We had some issues with auto growth when we were downsizing. We went down by 2 million policies in the homeowner's business over a 4, 5 year-period. It does hurt. It's manageable. I can't speak for what our competitors are going to do. What I do know is what Glenn said, which is we got a good business, we know how to run it. We have growth opportunities, and we're looking forward to serving more customers and make more money for our shareholders along the way.
Tom Wilson: So let me go to advertising then. Let me start with we didn't do transformative growth because of the pandemic, but boy, I am sure glad we got started on transformative growth when we did because we were able to reposition the brand. We invested over $250 million in repositioning the brand, do advertising, testing out new, more sophisticated ways to do it. And we did it when frequency was low, so we were able to use some of that reduction in frequency, the margin it's created, to invest in long-term growth by repositioning the brand. When you look at transfer on breast for a simple right, you get a more competitive price, you have more places to buy it. You let people know about that the increase in advertising, that or restocking that. What we do in the future will be depending how much we want to grow. So as we move forward, I think our advertising will be flat or come down some, because we want to make sure we've got the pricing right. The point that came up earlier about the longevity of the how long will severity keep come up. You want to make sure you've got that pricing right before you go out and get that flywheel going by doing more advertising. That said, we're always going to do a lot of advertising because as you know, it is a marketing war really out there between some of the large players. But the other part that's not as well known is it's getting every bit as sophisticated as auto insurance in home prices. You really got to be good with your math and whether it's upper funnel, lower funnel, getting the right price to the right customer, at the right time, in the right space is complicated. And so the other thing we've been working on is building out the sophistication, so that every dollar of advertising investment we spend is well done. The reason we took it out of the expense ratio guidance was because it is more volatile and it has penned down on what kind of growth we're looking to achieve in that quarter. And this is a measure of really how effectively running the business, like how are you keeping your costs down for your customers see can't hit at competitive price.
Tom Wilson: Michael, thank you for asking about something other than auto insurance margins, because we have a lot of good things going on, one of which is Arity, which a significant value has been created with Arity, both in the insurance business and outside the insurance business. And I don't think that's been reviewed by any analysts as if it was a separate Company. I mean, we have 600 billion miles of data. We risk scoring the operation. We help people do marketing, more effectively and efficiently. And so we're really building quite a platform that will do a number of things. One is it does exactly what you've talked about, which is -- and the way we started, it was telematics as a service for us. We needed somebody to collect the data. We needed to get a mobile app up. We needed to put it in files and be able to do something with it. And so rather than do that inside the insurance Company, we decided to do it outside the insurance Company because we said this is -- at the point, we said this is Basically a service at other insurance companies will need and we can provide to them and we do. So. Arity provides that service to some other insurance companies, and we're working to try to expand that effort for them. But it moved beyond what I would just call telematics as a service, help me pull data in to figure out all my customers are doing too. We started collecting more data from ourselves and built a rating service organization so that we can help other insurance companies use telematics to price the insurance. We believe that they're going to get their capability anyway. So we think that we might as well do it through Arity, and capture addition -- additional margin, rather than just assumed that we can take over a 100% of the insurance industry. But being a leader in telematics, which we are, but we don't think we can get the entire market share. So we created a rating services organization around that. It's then been expanded to include really lead generation. As we started collecting more data. So we have data from the Allstate customers, we have data because we have our SDK embedded in other people's thoughts. We have had data and I think it's over 25 million cars were pulling every day, really high fidelity data that's in the same format. We also buy data that we're able to combine with that 25 million on an over another 75 million current. So we're pulling data on a 100 million cars per day right now. And so we're building this rating services organization for all state and other insurers so that we can not only do telematics to the servers. We can do that. We think we can actually work to help people pre -qualify buyers and it's called the Arity IQ. So significant value has been created. I don't think that shows up in shareholder value today because I don't really see any of the analysts really looking hard and saying what's it worth, but we think it's substantial value and we expect to continue to grow their business and expand its total addressable market.
Tom Wilson: At some point, Glenn. Look, we need to make money in auto insurance, David, and we're going to do that. I think we're out of time, so let me just say as we move forward, you should expect us, as you've heard throughout this call, to focus on improving returns in auto insurance. At the same time, we're not letting up on any of the components of increasing our market share and personal property-liability, or expanding circle of protection. All of which we've had really good progress and success on this year and in this quarter, so you should expect us to continue to focus on a broad-based approach to increasing shareholder value. So thank you for your engagement with us again, and we will talk to you next quarter.
Glenn Shapiro: Sure. So a few comments on homeowners leading into it, but we got a really strong home care business and so we want to grow it, and we want to handle it as Tom said. So, over the course of the past year, we've deepened bundling discounts. So we've made it more attractive for customers across 30 states. We've shifted our agency competition over the last couple of years to where it's more attractive for them to bundle. And the same is true in direct, as Tom said, we're looking to crack the code right board there. Were writing some, We want to write more, and so some of the incentives for our direct team around cross quoting and bundling. To the point around that footprint, We're in good shape. Like, if you look at our ability to write business, we can write it pretty broadly. We can write in some CAT-prone areas, but we tend to offset it and create the diversity of our book by writing in other areas. I mean, right now, we're on a 12-month view right now, we're at 93.8 combined ratio made about $400 million underwriting profit in the last 12 months, in spite of having some really big CAT quarters. Though it's a good business that we're able to consistently make money in, and so we're looking to grow it. But as Tom said, we have -- we have pretty stringent guidelines, that where we write, how we write so that we don't overgrown in CAT prone areas. But we're able to grow without that and Tom mentioned something that I want to come back to. In terms of the breadth of our distribution and growing and that would be into our IA channel. You know, the IA channel is a huge opportunity. Independent agents where a lot of homeowners and our National General and Allstate's Company, as it will be branded, is adding our middle market products, both auto and home. And we have sort of a whole new Greenfield there to run in. And that would be a broad geographic spread, not just the cat prone areas.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. Absolutely. So thanks, Greg. And you hit a couple of important points that you're right about that everyone or close to everyone is going to have to take rate. When you talk about competitive position. So we think about that as part of process. But this is broad and this is going to be around for a while, like everything you look at in terms of what the root causes of severity, which is in its simplest terms, is the price of used cars. I would like to talk about collision coverage as it's a coverage that doesn't really have a policy limit that's dated other than the value of the vehicle itself. So in real turn, our policy limit on that coverage went up by 40% plus with no change in premium. And that experience happened to everybody across the industry. So it's a rarity where you have something is Clean and clean as that that is a root cause to your severity changes. So we think it will be around for a bit and we're going after rate to address that has one of the levers and we've talked about our claims capabilities and certainly our expense reductions as other ones. So in the third quarter, we took 12 price increases that went effective in the third quarter and other 8 in the fourth quarter so far with more to come. So this is broad and we'll be doing it just about everywhere. And I think the key from a competitive position is that we made a lot progress. So our starting point, we made significant progress over the last year with the expenses we've taken out, and therefore the competitive position we were in improved significantly. Our close rates improved significantly, leading to some of the greater new business that you saw. And so as we take rates and other due. It's our goal certainly keep that competitive position gain that we've made. But the primary goal is to get our margins back to where they need to be. And that's why we're going after rate, we're doing it pretty proactively.
Glenn Shapiro: Yeah. I agree there any Tom just said I think we've got really nice prospect because I would say we're making up ground in dog years because we have what we're 20 years newer at doing directed the Allstate brands and some of our competitors. But we're making up chunks of that capability as we move a year-and-a-half into the launching with Allstate brand in direct. The effectiveness of our sales, whether it be our call centers, or on the web, etc., our marketing sophistication, our partners with marketing, all of those things getting better and that helps move it up. The other thing is, actually in this price environment that's going to be disrupted, we're really likely to see some tailwind in new business, but some headwind in retention. Because if we were in a situation where we're the only ones taking rate, you might expect the opposite. But with a whole bunch of people having to take rate that will create a lot of shoppers, we'll create shoppers of our own too, because it disrupts our own customers. And when people shop, they often find a better price for situation. Even in a rising environment like this. So there will be a lot of customers shopping, ours, and other companies. And so, it's an opportunity as Tom said, to leverage what we did and say we're really happy we did transformative growth when we did because we have more ways for customers to buy when that disruptive market happens.
Glenn Shapiro: I know that the only thing I would add would be that the tactical answer on the rates, because completely agree. We don't know what the bottom line will do exactly, so we'll have to keep moving those and adjust. But the tactical answer on the rates, you're correct, Elyse, its 6 months in almost all of our states and all of our policy. So it's about 6 months from the effective date to get all customers paying that. And then another 6 months from the point they start paying it to where the full premium has been earnings for one policy period. So you really start to see the effect of the rates starting at the beginning of the year, but more impactfully in the second and third quarters of next year.
Glenn Shapiro: Sure. So the short answer to your question would be yes, there will be increases in places where there were modest decreases. I do think we waited a little while to really see what was happening with the frequency and ensure that it was long-standing and has remained a long-standing benefit before taking them. And we were modest and we've done some pretty significant givebacks into shelter in place, get it back, which were one-time and not sort of durable discount. Actually changing rates and moving them down, we were more subtle with and more modest with. I don't think people will see a wild swing down and backup, but they will see it in same-state. And the simple fact is, as you saw on the chart, I believe just on page -- bottom page 7, that used car prices spiked dramatically in the second quarter. And those spike, and then people start having claims. And then those claims start to be paid, working their way into the loss costs, and you have this hyper inflationary environment on auto physical damage lines. So it's just the appropriate response at the appropriate time for it. And we'll do everything we can to maintain our retention. It's one of the wonderful things -- one of the many wonderful things about our agency force. Our agency force do a really good job of building relationships and talking customers through changes in their policies, and helping us through things like this.
Glenn Shapiro: The only thing I'd add is, it is -- it is pretty easy to get negative rates in approved and in market very quickly. And as we talked about in one of the prior answers, it takes time for them to earn in. So we're projecting future loss costs out over the course of the next year and years and taking rate that we think best reflects our best estimates of what we're going to need to deliver the right returns. So it would be a good situation to get into to where we were we slightly overshot and could dial it back. But as Tom said, there's a lot of questions still on where this severity will -- Inflation for severity will end.
