Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, good morning. Thank you for joining us and staying current on Allstate's operating results. Let's begin on slide 2. So we had excellent execution of the operating plan which increased growth and profitability in the first quarter. We also benefited from an unexpected decline in auto accident frequency, lower catastrophe losses and a reduction in federal taxes. Net income was $946 million or $2.63 a share with adjusted net income of $1.07 billion or $2.96 per share. Adjusted net income return on equity was 15%. In the table, you can see revenues grew 3.4% on the Property-Liability insurance premiums. Net investment income also increased on good performance-based result. If you move to slide 3, we're making good progress on all of our five 2018 Operating Priorities. The first three priorities – better serve our customers, achieve targeted economic returns on capital, and grow the customer base are intertwined to ensure that profitable long-term growth creates shareholder value. We made progress on better serving customers as the Net Promoter Score increased, the customer retention improved from both the Allstate and Esurance brands which is a key driver of growth. Returns on shareholder capital were also strong. The Property-Liability reported combined ratio of 88.0, generated $959 million in underwriting income for the quarter which was an increase of $411 million from the prior-year quarter. Auto insurance underwriting income increased for all three underwritten brands and Allstate brand homeowners insurance continued to generate substantial income and benefited from lower catastrophe losses. Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits also generated attractive returns in part due to lower taxes. Going to the third one, grow customer base, Allstate brand policies in force increased as the auto and other personal lines grew over the prior-year quarter. Esurance policies increased on growth in the homeowners line. Allstate Benefits continued its long track record of growth with policies in force increasing 6.7% and SquareTrade policies grew 11.9 million or nearly 40% compared to the prior-year quarter. Investment income increased due to continued strong results from the performance-based portfolio. A total return on the $83 billion portfolio was a negative 50 basis points which included a stable contribution of about 1% from net investment income but that was more than offset by lower fixed income valuations and a decline in equity markets. Lastly, we're also committed to building long-term growth platforms. SquareTrade is making good progress on the objectives supporting the acquisition and Arity is helping to drive the expansion of Allstate and Esurance's telematics utilization. Let's go to slide 4, it shows the Property-Liability segment results by customer segment and brand. Starting with the table at the top, net written premium was $7.8 billion, a 5% increase from the prior-year quarter. The reported combined ratio of 88.0 was 4.9 points better than first quarter of 2017 due to lower catastrophe losses, increased premiums earned, and lower auto accident frequency that was partially offset by higher operating costs and lower favorable prior-year reserve reestimates. When catastrophes and prior-year reserve reestimates are excluded, the underlying combined ratio was 84.2 for the first quarter of 2018. As you know, our strategy is to provide differentiated customer value propositions for the four consumer segments in the personal lines insurance market. The Allstate brands in the lower left competes in the local advice and branded segments. Net written premium was 5.2% higher than the first quarter of 2018 compared to the prior-year quarter. The underlying combined ratio was 83.2, slightly above the prior-year quarter as continued improvement in auto insurance was offset by an increase in the homeowners insurance. Esurance in the lower right serves customers who prefer our branded product but are comfortable handling their own insurance needs. Esurance net written premiums was 7.9% compared to the prior-year quarter. The underlying combined ratio of 98.4 was 1.8 points better than the prior-year quarter with improvements in both auto and homeowners insurance. Encompass in the upper left competes for customers who want local advice and are less concerned about the brand of insurance they purchase so they mostly go through independent agencies. Premium declined due to the net impact of improving underlying margins. The underlying combined ratio was 87.9, up 1.3 points as we invest in building capabilities to support profitable growth. John will now go through these Property-Liability results in more detail.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Greg, this is Tom. I'll start and then maybe Glenn can add color to that as well. So first, thanks for the question. Good morning. Based on the three months results, it's too soon to change the underlying combined ratio guidance. The returns we earned on auto insurance are really good even at the outlook range and the best way to increase shareholder value at that point is to grow policies in force. We're obviously, as you point out, at below the low end of the range in the first quarter and that was really due to an unexpected decline in auto accident frequency versus the prior year. It looks like other companies experienced similar declines in the first quarter but our guidance is based on only a really small sample of the overall industry. Our projections did assume that there would be an increase in auto accident frequency. And as you well know, auto accident frequency has been very volatile over the last three years. It increased significantly in 2015 and 2016 and then decreased in 2017. Actually you can see that on John's slide. And, of course, the underlying drivers of frequency are miles driven, economic activity, how many people are working, weather, all of which are difficult to predict individually, in combination and doing it geographically is nearly impossible. And so at this point, we're not changing our frequency outlook for the whole year or our underlying combined ratio guidance. But let me give you a couple of math points as well. Auto frequency is usually highest in the fourth quarter. In the second half of the year, it has three more days than the first half of the year and one calendar day has over half a point of impact on the quarterly loss ratio, all other things being equal. So the returns we get are really good at any level. And so we're focused on maintaining that and growing. Our competitive position, Glenn can talk about it although I would say from my standpoint, the best way to analyze competitive position is your retention levels in your new business, and both are good.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Sarah, this is Tom. So, it's really too early to tell what the drivers of it would be. When we look at a variety of items, there's no one thing that pops out in your mind. Obviously, weather would have some impact in the first quarter and there is different kinds of weather in different parts of the country. Secondly, when we look at miles driven, it's actually up a little bit when we look at our driveway data so that wouldn't automatically lead you to conclude that it should be down. In fact, it would be the opposite of that so we don't have a good read now. And oftentimes even in reverse-looking at 2015 and 2016, it's hard to determine attribution between specific elements. What we do know is that it was down and obviously we've reserved well so we're feeling good about where the profitability of the business is but we also know that if it goes up, we're still positioned to be very attractive returns in the business.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Sarah, you might look at it as on a yield basis and on a rolling basis. So – I know that's hard to stick into a quarterly number but John is being a little humble. We had great results in quarters 2, 3 and 4 last year that the yield on their portfolio, if you just took income over the balance was in the mid-teens, but we do not...
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Expect it to be in the mid-teens on that kind of level. We expect it to be above where you would get from public equities, so I think you really have to look at it on that basis (28:29) and we tend to think about it relative to the overall company in terms of volatility. I know you're looking at individual lines, but catastrophes bounce around, performance-based income bounces around, what we seek to do is to increase total long-term return despite the fact that it bounces around. In fact that it does bounce around gives us the opportunity. We have the ability to enable and handle that volatility; gives us the ability to earn better returns.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Kai, we don't give out the subcomponents of our expectations, because then we end up spending a whole bunch of time talking about assumptions which – on things like frequency, it's always an estimate. It's even harder to look backwards and determine why it happened so we don't give out the subcomponents. Glenn, maybe you can talk a little bit about the absolute decline in frequency and where we saw it and that will give Kai some additional color.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: So, yeah and I think, Glenn, it's very broad-based geographically decline in frequency this quarter by accident-type. It was down in most of the accident types. The tenure of the customer was down across all tenures of customers so it wasn't just one state, one group of customers. It was broad-based, which, as Glenn said, leads us to conclude that other people had the same thing but we don't know that for sure.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Kai, we haven't changed our underlying combined ratio outlook for the year, would be the way I would say that.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: We like the Allstate agency model for a number of reasons. First, it gives us the ability to have the right price value comparison. When you're in the independent agency channel, you often get spreadsheeted (32:02) comparative rater and it's harder to maintain consistency in your pricing. Secondly, the captive channel gives us the ability to really control the customer experience, which is really important when you're delivering value. And as we head into telematics, it gives us an ability to build even greater relationships because people will be more connected with us. That said, we think there is a place in our portfolio for all the businesses. So we like to do it direct with Esurance. We'd like to grow Encompass. We wanted to get its profitability right and get its capabilities positioned which is I mentioned we're working on. So we'd like to grow in that channel as well. And, of course, we have a platform which we believe is the biggest in the industry right now, called Answer Financial, which is an electronic version of an independent agency. And it's got a very strong position and we're continuing to build up that model, leaning into telematics on that piece as well.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, Jay, you're correct in that, particularly in the preferred customer segment, there tends to be a new business penalty where you earn less money on a new customer than you would on somebody who has been around for seven or eight years. And so that is basically endemic to the industry and of growth. What I would say is I would maybe take your question – it's really not possible not to be impacted by that. But what I would say is we feel comfortable that we know how to manage growth and overall profitability to be able to increase shareholder value by both growing and maintaining margins. And Glenn mentioned this. We run the business at a local level. So we're looking at it by state, by product line, by risk class. We slice and dice it every which way, so to the extent that the growth would not be properly priced in certain places, we would obviously be able to – we'd see that and would react accordingly. And then I would also say the increasing use of telematics also helps us get even more accurate in our pricing.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: That's a really good question, Paul. The returns on capital are low for the payout annuity block versus the deferred annuity block, so we split it into two chunks. And the payout annuity block backs a lot of structured settlements, really long-dated liabilities and it is underperforming. Our approach with all of our underperforming business as you know has been to go at it multiple ways to be proactive, but to take action. And that block is about $12 billion so we're doing the same thing that we've done on all of our businesses. So just if you go back and go up a little bit, we transferred the VA block versus reinsurance in 2006. At first, we got lucky and that was before the financial markets crashed. We shut down sales of new annuities over a period of years. (38:48), so we've taken a variety of actions. What we've been doing on this one is first and foremost, getting the investments correct, so that rather than funding this block with fixed income, we've been funding portions after seven years with payout annuity or with performance-based which generates a much bigger return. That generates more capital for us and makes it less underperforming on a long-term basis. What it does on a short term basis is it makes it even more underperforming because you have to put up a whole bunch of capital for those equities even though you really shouldn't have to because the risk is big in equities, it's actually lower than the risk of being in fixed income for a long-dated liability. So what we've been doing is working with the NAIC to reduce the capital requirements and we made some progress to them to the extent we can do that, that will enable us to free up some capital. At the same time, we're also looking at how we structure those investments so we may be able to structure them in different ways so they don't have to carry as much capital. Obviously, as interest rates go up, that should help that portfolio and the lower tax rate is obviously also increased value so we've improved value in that block. We have things to do to further improve it but we're not done. And, of course, our goal is to maximize our economic value per shareholder, so we'll continue to look at all different ways to do that.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: We don't know, Bob. I can't tell you what everybody else's plans are. We see the same numbers you see and perhaps at a greater level of granularity. So, we look at Progressive, Geico, State Farm, not only in total but by state, by risk class. We think some of that group still has some – if we were them, we would be increasing prices. I don't know what they will do given that we are not them but Glenn can talk about our rate outlook for the future, which is modest.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah, I think, Bob, when you look over a long period of time, Progressive, Allstate and Geico, our combined ratios look to be about the same and much better than the industry. The 12 points seems like a bigger gap to me than I've seen versus the industry. But we have traditionally been at about the same zone. I think that's, in part, pricing accuracy. I think it's a different view as to what return on capital we want to get on the business, so mutual companies have a different view as to what their capital objective function is, and I think we're effective and efficient the way we do it. That would be auto insurance. What I would say on homeowners insurance is we appear to be substantially better than other people in the industry, and I don't think there's many companies with our size and scale that generate the kind of income we have. And if you look at the slide John showed, it's over $900 million of income from underwriting of our homeowners business in the last 12 months, and it's been pretty consistent like that for five or six years. So I would not ignore the benefits that we generate from being in the homeowners business.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: First, I don't think there are – you're appealing to different customers, different geography bases and therefore different competitive environment. We feel good about the Allstate brand business and that's really been coming. As Glenn said, we expanded distribution all through last year. You didn't see it in any of last year's numbers but you see it this quarter and we would expect that growth to continue in terms of the distribution and hopefully that will turn into growth in items in force. So Esurance, slightly different position. Its growth is really driven by expansion and homeowners, but we think there's plenty of opportunity to grow Esurance. Well, you just didn't see it this quarter. So I think both businesses, we would expect to grow items in forces as we go forward from here.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: As a grand theory, it makes it sound like there's like one reason, so no. I would say – so, look, frequency came down for a long, long period of time because we had third tail light, anti-drunk driving laws, three cars per household versus two drivers, anti-lock brakes, there's a whole variety of things that happened and then it kind of leveled out for a period of time – maybe five or six years. And then in 2015 and 2016, it spiked up. Some of that was obviously related to economic activity – more people back at work, because about a third – if you look at where people drive their cars, a third is to work, a third is on errands, a third is for leisure, so they were driving more to work and if you have more money, you do more leisure. And so miles driven went up so people got more accidents. Some people would say it was somewhat related to distracted driving. I think that's impossible to predict because you're talking about knowing whether somebody was looking at their phone or just put their phone down right before they got in an accident. That information just is not available so people are looking at results and trying to come up with conclusions as to why it might be that way. What we do know is that it went up and we had react. It went up for two years in a row. We increased our prices to account for it. It came down last year and I think the clarity on that is as far as the increase, which is we just know it went down and that puts us in a better profit position in getting to see opportunity to grow. It's down this quarter, but I don't think you should take that to a trend. I think frequency bounces around a lot and when we give our underlying combined ratio guidance, it's because it does bounce around a lot. It had nothing to do with our view on the economics of the business. We earn really high economic rents from our customers because we do a really good job for them and we do that when our competitors don't, so it's not like we're taking advantage of anybody. We're just good at what we do and we think that auto business is a good profit generator and a growth vehicle as it will be in the future, irrespective of what happens to frequency.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: And with our capital position earnings power, we don't need to prefund anything to do an acquisition. We don't need to go out and raise money in advance to try and do something. If we wanted to do something, we would just fund it at that point in time.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Let me just add one other piece here. So when we talk retailers, that's both electronic and big-box.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Amit, I think you brace for things when something bad is going to happen to you. What I would say is our auto business is very profitable. It would be very profitable and we should be growing it even if we were at a combined ratio that was 86% to 88%, which is our annual outlook. And so what I think investors should be excited about is the fact that we have a business that is very profitable; that business is starting to grow and that should add, increase shareholder value when it was getting smaller over the last couple of years as we improved this profitability. So we no longer need to do that, so we're on the offensive now beginning to grow that business and I think that's what investors should be focused on versus – this is not just a profit machine, it's a shareholder value machine. We have auto insurance, we have home insurance, we've got our performance-based stuff, we've got Life business and Benefits, we've got SquareTrade and all of those things create incremental value for our shareholders and are consistent with our strategy. So I think to get too focused on one specific measure is just the wrong way to think about investing in our company. That's not the way we run the company. We run the company for long-term shareholder value and so I wouldn't brace for anything. I'd be looking forward and being optimistic about the amount of money we're making in this business and how we can grow it.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, we've talked about this before. Given the kind of combined ratios we have, you shouldn't expect to see big increases in the topline on an average premium standpoint but we'll make up for that, in part, by growing the business. So I would just say, don't get too focused on the one measure of performance on one line for the entire company. This is a large corporation. We got lots of ways in which we make money and add value to our customers. All of those did really well in the first quarter or better than we expected. And even if they had been at the level we expected it, it still would have been a great quarter. So, I feel like there's – don't get too focused on one item really; think about the whole value creation and we've got lots of value to create by growing the business at really attractive returns. So, thank you all. We're off to a good start. We look forward to talking to you in second quarter.
Glenn T. Shapiro: Yeah, thanks Tom. And Greg, good question. On competitive position, we feel good about where we are from all the metrics we looked at. We monitor our competitive position in every state and every market across the country. And if you look at how we're growing right now, we're growing in a pretty balanced way. As Tom said, we're retaining more of our customers – always best to retain the ones we fought hard to attract in the first place and our new business is up. With the new business up, if we were getting the same number of quotes but significantly increasing our close rate, you'd look at it and think that we broadened appetite or something in the way that we got it. But from a competitive standpoint, we're just getting a lot of looks at people. We're getting a lot of quotes. Our quotes are well up. We're closing an appropriate amount of those so our competitive position feels like we're in good shape.
Glenn T. Shapiro: All right. Yeah, Greg, I'm glad you pointed that out. Because I really think the way to look at this is on a year-over-year basis. We've been committed for several quarters. We've been talking about growing our distribution footprint and I think we are effectively growing the distribution footprint. If you look year-over-year, we're up about 1200 points of presence. 100 agents, 1200 licensed sales professionals. When you look at this, much like a lot of our other results, there's a little bit of a seasonality to it. At the end of the year, a lot of folks are running to get some people in place. The pipeline dries up a little bit. We tend to have higher turnover in the first quarter, but the first quarter of this year, our turnover was less than what we anticipated. So that was favorable. So as you look at a starting point at the end of first quarter last year to now, we got 1200 more points of presence; a little bit down sequentially but we're really always down sequentially at that. We're less down than we would have anticipated at this point. So, as we build throughout the year and we continue to look to increase our distribution footprint, we're starting from a good foundation.
Glenn T. Shapiro: Yeah, so we saw – obviously, we saw the decline in frequency. One way to look at this is as you compare to sort of the broader trends, so we clearly have wind at our backs when it comes to frequency; it's down. Our frequency appears to be down as you look over the last few quarters, a little more than the industry and some of that is as our book shrunk a little bit, we got to a little bit higher quality on average of the book of business. In terms of just longer-term trends, there's a lot it, as Tom said, it's hard to predict. There's a lot of different theories on there between miles driven, miles driven per operator, safety features in cars, so we'll continue to monitor that going forward.
Glenn T. Shapiro: Yeah, I agree. There was a lot of discussion last quarter about with the tax changes and everything, but we continue to work with regulators on state-by-state basis and our filing process is business as usual.
Glenn T. Shapiro: Yeah. If you look at our – where we are now, it's always dangerous to talk about this in a global level, because as Tom said, it really is state-by-state. We have great need in some places and we don't in others. Broadly-speaking, we're clearly in a better pricing and rate situation than we were a couple of years ago. I would also caution you, as you think about that, Bob, to look at what happened from the last year because a lot of what is in the results this year is what rates they took last year. So when you look at whether it's the CPI and compare to how rates are coming in in auto insurance in the first quarter, it really is the rates that were taken over the last 12 months. And so a lot of this year is already baked from whatever folks did last year in their rates and what they do this year is really more of a forward-looking basis.
Glenn T. Shapiro: Well, so thanks, Yaron. First of all, the growth came in pretty balanced way. We got growth across a lot of different states. We got growth in areas that we targeted that we wanted growth. We invested in local marketing. What I would say is that it's been pretty balanced and pretty healthy in that the whole system is responding right now. As Tom mentioned, we've talked about for a few quarters, the fact that we're trying to grow our distribution system, but also make it more effective. So, I'd say one, it's growing. I mentioned that before – 1,200 more points of sale out there and less turnover. Two, the system is more efficient. We've got quotes per agent up, new business per agent across the country up. We're serving our customers' needs more broadly because we're selling across the system more so even – I know you're talking about the 17% in auto, but we're up 15% new business in home, too. So we're selling across the system more effectively. And then, and I think maybe most importantly, the system is investing in itself right now. Agents feel good. Everywhere I go across the country, agents are positive. They're feeling good about their opportunity, their economic opportunity in the system. They're marketing in their local environments. They're hiring staff and leaning in, so all of those elements are really driving pretty broad growth.
