Tom Wilson: Good morning everybody. As usual, we appreciate you joining us, investing your time to learn more about Allstate. This was just an exceptional quarter. I mean, we're adapting, we're executing, we're investing for the future. We adapted to the pandemic, the wildfires, the hurricanes, record low interest rates, and despite all of that, our execution enabled us to make $1.1 billion. At the same time, our Transformative Growth is coming to light. The stock is a great value on any measure. So we executed a $750 million ASR. Our team has performed exceptionally well this year, serving customers, creating economic value, and building a stronger foundation for growth. So let's start on Slide 2, which has Allstate's strategy, which is shown by the two ovals on the left. We're going to increase market share on Personal Property-Liability with our Transformative Growth Plan, which has three components. You remember that: expand customer access; improve customer value, which includes improving our price position and launching new products; and then investing in marketing technology. You'll hear more about that from Glenn, and then we'll - and then Mario will go through the numbers, and then we'll get to your questions. We're also expanding our protection businesses to increase - which is increasing the total addressable market we serve. We have an edge in this expansion by leveraging the Allstate brand, our customer base and our operating capabilities, which you can see in between those two ovals. For a company that empowers customers that is, you know we provide affordable simple connected products. There has been plenty to protect them from this year. As I mentioned, we get all kinds of severe weather and catastrophes and there we moved with speed and efficiency, and you can see that from our third quarter results, and those are shown on the right. Our profitability was excellent. Adjusted net income was $2.94 a share, and return on equity 17.7%. Underwriting results also remain really strong, we get favorable auto insurance results which offset the elevated home insurance losses from increased catastrophes. Implementation in Transformative Growth Plan is accelerating with the initiation of cost reduction plan in the new Allstate advertising campaign. Investment income was off slightly due to lower interest rates, but the performance-based income returned to prior year levels. We did have an annual review of our actuarial assumptions for Allstate Life, Benefits and Annuity businesses which assumes that the continued low interest rate environment carries forward and reduces future investment income over the next 25 years and that resulted in several charges for the reduced net income, and Mario will go through a specific slide to show you how that works. Allstate Protection Plans has continued to grow policies, revenue and income, while expanding its total addressable market or total addressable market. So despite a tumultuous operating environment, we delivered great customer experiences, growth, excellent returns and progress on the Transformative Growth Plan. If we go to Slide 3, let's do the numbers. Total revenues of $11.5 billion increased 3.9% to the prior year quarter, and that reflects both higher net realized capital gain and growth in property-liability premiums earned. Net income of $1.1 billion increased by 26.7% to the prior year quarter, as you can see that in the table, as higher revenues more than offset Allstate Life and Annuity income in connection - which was down because in connection with those actuarial assumption. Adjusted net income of $923 million was $2.94 per share. It was $23 million lower than the prior year quarter. Its higher auto insurance underwriting income was more than offset by the elevated catastrophe losses or restructuring charges related to Transformative Growth and the lower Allstate Life and Annuities income. Our returns remained excellent, and as I said, the return on equity is well above the range that we've discussed. So let me turn it over to Glenn, who will talk about third quarter results for Personal Property-Liability.
Tom Wilson: Yaron, this is Tom. So they - we can't really give you a quarter and say here's one that turn a say you should buy the stock right before that. So that what is really reflecting the terrible pop because a number of things happening. Right? So we're trying to make sure we take care of our existing customers well, and that requires, as we change out some of the agents and the stuff Glenn talked about, we have to make sure we're doing that well with integrated service and moving people to other agencies. Second, there is obviously a competitive market in which we're in. So part of it depends what happens with our competitors and what they do, how much more they put into advertising, how much they raise homeowners prices. I think that what I would say is the focus seems to be narrowed down to just auto insurance and really transformative growth is about auto insurance is about home insurance where we're getting a growth - good growth and not as much as we think we can have, but certainly higher than auto and then the circle of protection. So I can't really call it by quarter. I would say is, you should expect as you see the components come into place. You should expect to see a trajectory up from here. But we're not giving specific guidance on here. Here's where more going to be at X percent of market share gains.
Tom Wilson: First Mike, if you look at the one slide that we've taken annuities down some $75 billion to $17 billion over a period of time. And we've done that with a couple of objectives in mind, what we want to make sure we take care of customers do you want to get a good deal for shareholders. And so we've been kind of whittling away at it and these are the last two chunks we have left. And we're open to different ways to do that and if we look at all different ways to do it all the time so everything from reinsurance to sales, everything else. And so, I don't think lower interest - rates obviously are something you need to factor in. It's less important when you have the investment portfolio that you just mentioned in terms of what it does to the - it helps fill the gap from low interest rates because you're earning higher returns. I think we have decided so this - these are becoming more scarce properties because you've seen the asset managers go out and they like having what I would call captive asset. So there is a whole host of you are all familiar with that throughout and want to buy annuity blocks. So that they can have those assets to manage and then they separately finance the purchase of a company part with their money and part with other people's money it's a way to build a better revenue stream for themselves. We're open to that thing as long as it meets our two objectives. One, you got to take care of our customers. So some of these customers are going to get paid for 30-plus years we don't want to turn that somebody that's going to take it all and go to Las Vegas and put it on red. And then our customers are left hole in the bag. Secondly, we want to make sure it's good deal for our shareholders. So, we're always looking at opportunities to further reduce the exposure. I mean, you look at that trend line. We have a slide that is and it's - there is no reason to expect that we would try to change that trend line. It will go down by itself. So, like they do roll off people to stop collecting payments either because their term is up or they pass away. So, but you should expect it keep going down if we can find the right way to do that for shareholders and customers then we’ll do it.
Tom Wilson: [technical difficulty] Josh, because I'm not sure what COVID-normalized are. But I think. I think the shortest way to answer that is we are in really attractive returns on auto insurance. We have for 14-15 years, maybe longer are running and we have a system and an objective and goals that we've achieved to continue that. When I say COVID-normalized, what we don't really know is certainly of course when the pandemic ends which is beyond your normalization. But I'm not sure what it will do to consumer behavior, particularly driving, I think computing is going to be viewed as overrated. And so, given that about a third of the time people are in their cars they're driving to and from work. So if even a small portion of people so 25% of the people commute less. That's a pretty big drop, and we will react to that when we can. I think what it does, it gives us more room to maintain the kind of returns we have while getting more competitive. And so, but you should assume we’ll continue to be focused on earning attractive returns. That comment in the press release was really about saying, we didn't have to reduce cost, because we're not making money. There are a lot of people out there who today are airlines and other people were having let people go because they just in trouble. We're not in trouble. We're making really good money. And so we don't need to do it they are reason. We also as we're talking about getting more competitive in auto insurance in particular. We don't want everybody. Moving to the conclusion, which you could, if you took your question farther would be that we're going to do that by given in a way - like say anybody can give it away its talented teams that both grow and make money. And so, we were just trying to point out that the point that and Greg mentioned earlier, which is that the cost and the pricing are tightly linked. And I know a lot of you would like to have some expense ratio target that you could put into your models but trust us, we have a measure. It's a good measure, it's aggressive, but it's tied to what we're trying to do on price. So we're not willing to talk about that publicly.
Tom Wilson: Add to that is, when you look forward in 2021 in Allstate Protection plans, the mix of policies going to change some. So you'll see the policy growth come, but you will see the revenues continue to accelerate as particularly as we get into bigger dollar amount per policy. So just one thing to get a warranty policy on a iPad, it's another thing for a washer or dryer or for furniture. So you should still see and we expect increased revenue growth, but you may see a slight take off of drop maintaining 51% company growth and policies gets hard as you move into bigger dollar policies. Now I'll take one more question and then we'll wrap up.
Tom Wilson: Glenn, why don't you answer that. I would say, Paul, the other part is with [Aire] tracking 26 million cars, we have 10 times the amount of miles driven that a company that recently went public. And so we got lots of good math on this. So, Glenn, can share with you what he is saying, just in terms of miles driven and what the impact is on frequency.
Tom Wilson: So thank you all for participating. We had an excellent quarter. Mark is obviously available for any follow-up questions the things we didn't get to, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, you've covered, Tom. Well, the - going forward, how we bring the cost down and keep margins while being a better value for customers. But I don't want to leave anybody the impression that we're not moving now because sometimes you can look at a like an investor supplement and say, well, it was zero rate taken and think that that means there is zero rate action. We have made hundreds of filings over the last quarter, all across the country and I know you always hear me say it Greg, but we manage this at the market level. So we've got a really talented group of state managers, I always talk about that. They've got their hands on the lever they’re looking at, how competitive are we each competitor in this market, what's our close rate doing, what type of shifts are we seeing in customers and quoting and they're moving those levers all the time and we're working with regulators to do that. So the hundreds of filings that we've made already since the pandemic and through this time have materially changed our competitive position in spite of that 0.0, you see on total rate filing. We've done things like improved our competitive position on telematic products, increased new business discounts, changed pricing around for the type of people that are shopping. And so the average person that's out there shopping for insurance is getting a lower price rate now for us than they were six months ago or nine months ago meaningfully lower. And so this is how we stay competitive, and it goes a little bit back to Yaron's comment or question on growth, and I look at it as while we're building this foundation, like I mean we're setting up the capability for us to be a major player in direct. We are setting up the capability for us to be a major player in independent agent with the acquisition that's pending. And while we're building that foundation, I'd call it, we're holding our own. Like we actually grew policies year-over-year, policies in force, minimally in auto more so in home, but we're doing a good job of keeping the fight going and keeping our growth engine going in spite of building that foundation.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, so the team that we've had that ran Esurance and has been put together as Allstate as Tom said, with the Allstate Group. And you would think that it would be relatively easy to flip a switch and say, hey, we're a direct company now and accordingly play big in this space. But we literally have decades of connective tissue and process built around everything is an off-ramp for an agency system. And so what we want to be and aspire to be in the near term, is a company that really goes to market in both ways. It's open access for a customer, customer that wants to click our call that we do that really effectively and we can compete with the biggest direct carriers out there. In that space and think about that as a full channel. And then it takes nothing away from the exclusive agent channel we have which is outstanding. They do an incredible job for customers. They've done a great job through the pandemic you can see it in our retention numbers and continue to grow that channel. But the work they've done is really the pick and shovel work of removing some of those pieces of connective tissue between channels and really going to market as a direct business. Esurance was set up that way because it was a separate run operation. This now is common product, its common back end service that we have, but it's a separate sales channel.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes so in the IA space, it really is National General and I won't get into the brand, because I don't know if any decisions made in terms of exactly the brand. But as Tom said, it's more of a branding with agents than it is with customers in that channel. But with National General and Encompass it's really about bringing those together in sort of a reverse integration because National General has a platform, a technology platform that the IAs love. They have 42,000 existing relationships with agency locations to go along with the 10,000 that we have with Allstate and Encompass. And between the two companies, we have a product set that goes from non-standard all the way up through high net worth and everything in between. And what I always point out on this is, I think maybe the most important part is our homeowners’ capability. The IA space they really need that the full stack and all the capabilities and we clearly have a premier homeowners capability at Allstate. So you put all of that together and we will have the most capabilities of any carrier we will be the Number 5 in size, as soon as the closing goes through in the IA space. But we will be number one in terms of overall top to bottom capabilities. That won't be the day that we go live it won't be that because we won’t been able to integrate products and everything and push it across. But in short order we will be able to bring those together and really go to that market and be a very major player in the independent agent space. And that, pertaining there was second part to that.
Glenn Shapiro: No, I'm sorry Answer Financial, thanks. Yes, so on Answer Financial, that is - it's a very different type of model. That really is taking care of customers who we can't take care of in other ways. Are they sort of fall between the cracks of - always narrowing cracks actually at this point because we cover just about all different types of customers at this point. But the narrowing cracks there and it's a way to monetize the exhaust from our expense on marketing and make sure that anybody that comes to us - we can get to at some point. And so Answer Financial from a branding standpoint is separate and they sell multiple carriers.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. And thanks for the question, Paul, it is interesting getting into the data in this space. And as Tom said, with billions of miles of data we've got and the partnership with [Aire] we're able to really get into the detail. The short answer to your question is yes. There are absolutely differences state by state. There are broad trends that are true everywhere when you see some of the things about commuting and total miles driven, but you will see based on sort of where states are in the pandemic where they have either formal stay at home orders or shutdowns or anything versus when they have more informal they just have a lot of cases coming in, and just attitude differ by state in terms of how to deal with either staying home or not and so on. So we do see differences by state, but there is enough of a prevailing sort of tailwind on it that there is more similarities than difference. A couple of things, just to go deeper on the comments Tom made before, we see about 40% of our losses happen in rush hour. And so, as we're working through and we predict, again, this gets to different states because obviously in metro areas it's more of a true some of that rush hour than the non-metro areas. But we get a double effect in terms of the frequency of those accidents in rush hour in one fewer people so fewer of our drivers that we insure are actually traveling during rush hour. And so, if you're not traveling, you're not having an accident. And two, the ones who still are, because it's not zero are on less congested roads, so they have fewer accidents, and you see that in the types of accidents that remain. So it is not a pure mix of - if there were a million accidents before and you take out 10% of them. It is not a random 10%. It is a very specific 10%. And so with the mix of what's left is very different and all of these are things that we are looking at in a granular level down to state detail. So that, as I mentioned before, those the pricing actions we take, the go-to-market actions we take are highly specific.
