Thomas J. Wilson: Sure, let me provide some overall context and then Matt can give you some specifics by line. But first, as you know, in that customer segment, where they want local advice and branded products, that is -- that's served by the Allstate Agency. They want to buy most of their stuff from the same person. The logic is that I don't want to have to have a relationship with somebody to buy auto insurance and home and boat and PUP policies and renters policies. So we try to -- we do offer them a broad range of stuff. And we have -- Matt's team has been working on more of a household focus, which includes those policies. So we've, of course, sold those for years. I think we have about 5 million policies in total in force, when you look at them in total. Matt can take you through sort of both the growth trends, where we've had some good success, and profitability.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, you can see that on Slide 3, Mike. The combined -- the recorded combined ratio for other personal lines for this quarter was 85, that compares to 81 for home and 93 for auto. And as Matt pointed out, there's a wide range of products, so the capital under those products varies significantly. [indiscernible] returns.
Thomas J. Wilson: I'll provide a longer term perspective and Matt can talk about -- well, his current growth plans and the profit improvement plans because while we're happy with the overall combined ratio where it is today, this is -- it's a country with 50 states and -- and a couple of territories, and so we have to do things differently in each of those and so they're not all perfect. But if you -- there is -- we put in a slightly longer view. If you really look at homeowners in total, I think, it peaked, Mike, about 7.8 million policies and it's a little above 6 million now. And it's really been coming down since the '06 period of time, where we started taking pretty drastic action in, at the time, relatively narrowly focused cat areas, being Florida and Louisiana, a few places. Then as the weather got worse in '08 and '09, we expanded that activity by both increasing prices and, as importantly, our re-underwriting the book and making sure we like the individual properties we had taken risk on. And you can see, the business kept coming down on an overall items-in-force level. That does -- auto does track with it. If you look at our -- the growth rate of those 2, they track together. That said, we weren't willing in the depths of the -- getting smaller in the homeowners business to give ourselves a complete out for that because there are, of course, monoline auto companies that grow and we felt that we should be able to grow as well. It's a little harder though when you're telling somebody, "I'm not going to insure your house. Please keep your auto with me, then please give me your auto if you don't have it." So they do trend together, but they are also separate. And so auto has had higher growth rates over the last couple of years than home has. Home has finally ticked positive. It's 5,000 on 6 million. That doesn't count as sustainable growth. So Matt can talk about what they're doing to get sustainable growth out of that business and how it turns into a competitive advantage for us relative to both the local advice and branded Allstate segment, and -- but we won't go there right now. But you also know we're adding this to the Esurance platform as well so that they can be in that segment.
Thomas J. Wilson: Steve, do you want to talk about the [indiscernible]. Jay, we redid those programs in June. It was just -- even if current -- if pricing is lower today than it was in June, we put our plan in place. It was a multi-year plan.
Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, this is Tom, maybe to take it up a level in terms of capital management. We kind of look at reinsurance as just capital at this point. And so Steve talked about how we use it to reduce volatility. We, of course, are trying to be proactive everywhere in the capital structure. So we put a bunch -- as Steve pointed out, we took a bunch of debt out, put on preferred, put on hybrids, which lowers our cost of capital and puts us in a really strong financial position. As the market develops, I think what you're seeing in reinsurance pricing is really the growth of -- the increased interest in insurance-related investments and assets. And so we think you'll continue to see new forms of alternative capital being developed, which will enable us to either lower reinsurance costs, take advantage of other things in the capital structure or find other ways to lower our cost of capital or take volatility out of the business.
Thomas J. Wilson: We don't -- I know some of the banks, Jay, do it that way. They say 80% of their earnings. We don't do it that way. We obviously look at it relative to how much capital we have, which is dependent on earnings. But we look at how -- for example, some of the things, we got rid of -- we've reduced, as Steve pointed out, we've reduced the size of the Allstate Life and Retirement balance sheet by about $40 billion, which is equal to some life insurance companies. And so the capital that supported that, we either can deploy in growing our property casualty business or in giving it to shareholders. We -- included in that was the sale of Lincoln Benefit. So that's been factored in. We don't forecast where we'll go after we get done with this share repurchase program. But Steve's been very aggressive in buying back the current shares because we have plenty of capital, and we're feeling good about returns. And we do want to keep that capital and have our ROE go down.
Thomas J. Wilson: I'll give my view. Steve and Don may have their own views. I think this quarter looks more like the future than last quarter, John. Yes, I think they're going to agree.
Thomas J. Wilson: We're not -- we don't do forecasts by line or by company or something like that. But you had some increased limited partnership returns last quarter, the second quarter of this year than this year. Now I will point out, I know there's been some questions from people about the volatility about limited partnership returns. And yes, it is true that limited partnership returns are more volatile. But that's specifically why we break them out for you, and it's also specifically why we do it. And so if you think about that, our investment philosophy is get a good risk adjusted for return, not to try and optimize any given quarter. And then we -- the return -- we look for attractive returns. And because these investments are volatile, they tend to get higher returns. And it also puts another -- with the idiosyncratic or the asset-specific concentration on investment results, it puts some diversification into the portfolio rather than just the market. So it's a good reason for that standpoint. And also if you look at our overall volatility, we've reduced volatility in the investment portfolio because of interest rates. You see that in lower operating income, but if you look at how we've shortened the duration in the Property-Liability portfolio, that's reduced volatility. While this injects a little more volatility, we think it's volatility that is higher return than just keeping interest rates -- our duration out there. So we thought the trade between the 2 and the risk return. And then if you look at the volatility across the company, and go up a level, while I know this makes it harder for you all to forecast what that -- the limited partnership returns will be, and then hence, what Allstate Financial's returns will be. If you look at the volatility in the overall company P&L, we have plenty of places. We've have plenty of volatility and this is just an uncorrelated piece of volatility. So we have catastrophe volatility, frequency volatility and then the partnership volatility. But we spike it out so you can get it, but we think overall, it's exactly the right thing to be doing with our investments, even though it creates a little bit of confusion as to, is your run rate 150 or 125.
Thomas J. Wilson: I would -- a couple of things I would look at too if -- on the subject [ph] without trying to [indiscernible], but I'd first look at their size of the book, if they have a small book. I'd also look at what happened the prior year. That -- as Matt pointed out, that PIP line could be highly volatile. You get some pretty good cases in there, and all of a sudden, the quarter-over-quarter looks really wild, but the absolute level looks okay in the long term. So I don't know whether something has a problem or not. There's also the claim procedures and the schedules in which we operate. And sometimes you can't control that, which is -- so they'll put a schedule in to say chiropractors get a certain amount of money, and you have to pay according to that. So it doesn't mean that the company's not well managed, it just means you're doing what you're required to do. But the way in which you manage that is exactly what Matt said, which is you're keeping -- paying attention to it and either you're controlling your cost and making sure people get the right amount of money or you're changing your pricing. And as he pointed out, we were -- we have -- I think, when people look at our business on profitability, they tend to take a commercial lines perspective and look at sort of price and loss cost, and assume it's all about price. We really have a system. And you really have to think about the system, how it works at a granular level, which makes adjustments all the time. And it's that system that's generated the good combined ratios in auto insurance for a decade. And it's managing and leading that system which we have to do to make sure we get good returns.
Thomas J. Wilson: It's a good question and the answer is nothing, but it wouldn't be comprehensive, in part because the average age of the fleet is 11 years. And so there's a whole bunch of people out there driving that we'd like to offer them the opportunity to get more sophisticated pricing and a better driving experience now as opposed to waiting until they buy a new car. So we're actively in conversations with everybody. And that range of potential participants in the connected car, obviously, includes the OEs, the auto manufacturers, but it also includes the telcos. Some of the telcos are interested, some of the other connected customer technology companies are interested. So we're active in all the fronts. We'd like to think of this as a tremendous opportunity for our company. And it will evolve, and so we're trying to put as many oars in the water as we can so that we at least stay with the tide, if not get ahead of it.
Thomas J. Wilson: I'll give you a strategic answer and Don can jump into the specifics, and we look at it both ways, Josh. So certainly, we think it is an important growth element in our plan. So we -- to a certain extent, if you go way up, what we've done is we now have a diversified set of growth opportunities with -- inside the Property-Liability space. We've traded some of that off for diversification and growth opportunities by reducing the size of our life business. So we used to have -- so we have -- and we had this opportunity with a highly focused customer value proposition to go at that self-serve space and really take on GEICO and Progressive Direct head on with, in our words, out self-serve them. And so that's why we talk about 7.5 minutes, not 15. We also are good at that. The reason that diversification by customer segment works is because it's something we're really good at, both pricing, settling claims, and all that has turned out to be true in aggregate for us. I think the business is up about not quite double yet, we're about 80% bigger than when we bought it. And you're right, we've invested a lot of money in it. We also think we've enhanced the underlying processes, not all of which you see in the current P&L, because we continue to invest aggressively in, like, rolling out homeowners, motorcycle, renters. I think that, Don, that's eaten up a couple of points of profit just last quarter. So we continue to invest in that. And we think it's an opportunity for us to compete more directly and stop them from coming to compete with the -- in the multiline customers in the lower left. And so we like the portfolio approach it gives us. So that said, we like the deal, we're glad we paid a lot of money for it. And we're even happier that it's turned out to be growing and we're going to make money on it. As it relates to the individual annual amount, that gets balanced a couple of ways. One is we look at our overall profitability of the company. And I like there to be a balance between that. So while we certainly could spend more money, I don't want to put too much pressure on other parts of the business that also have growth opportunities. We've got lots of places we can grow. Matt's adding agencies, Kathy's growing the benefits business. We've got plenty of places we can grow. So we try to balance it in the overall portfolio of growth opportunities. And then Don looks specifically at the returns and the efficiency curve, so to speak. So Don, you might want to talk about how you figure out where the efficiency curve is and then the economics by kind of segment.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, as you point out, we're operating at the bottom end of the range that we provided to everybody in February. We provided that range to give you all a sense for how good we think the underlying economics are of the business, and we'll do that again in February, of the outcome here [ph]. We put a range on it obviously because frequency and severity can bounce around a good point each without actually -- the underlying -- the actual economics being just volatile as opposed to you've done something right or wrong. So we like where we're operating today. As you could hear from Don's comments, we're all in for growth, but it's got to be profitable growth. Sometimes we get growth and it's not profitable and then we shrink it. Other times, we get growth and it's profitable, a little more profitable than we think. So we toggle between those at a relatively micro level. But we don't have any desire to reduce our returns in auto or homeowners or our other businesses today to get more growth. We don't think we need to, we think we're accurately priced. We think the combination of our pricing sophistication, claim skills, distribution, unique value propositions, marketing, all that adds up to customer value where they're prepared to let us earn the economic rents we do. So we're happy with where we're at. So we're not looking to sort of say combined ratio's going to go up so we can grow another point. That's not a good trade for shareholders. Well, thank you all. I know you've got an incredible amount of work between -- in the next couple of days. So thank you for listening. Our strategy is working, it's profit growth, shareholder returns. We're proactive in running the business. We have a number of initiatives underway, which will enable us to continue to do those things. So we'll talk to you next quarter.
Matthew E. Winter: Thanks, Tom. Thanks, first of all, for asking about the other personal lines. We often get through call without ever mentioning these. And as Tom mentioned, we're trying to incorporate all the products a customer might need within the Allstate Agency value proposition. And so we've had an increased emphasis on the other personal lines products. As you know, there's a wide group of products grouped within this category, and we do, do the breakdown on the -- in the investor sup on both Pages 15 and 30 that gives you some of the net written premium trends and the policy-in-force trends. What you see on the profit side is we've had a fair amount of margin actions this year in the landlord, manufactured home and the PUP areas. And so that has suppressed some of our IIF growth, because of those margin actions in those lines. Most of our item-in-force growth has come from renters and condo, which are where we need them to be from a profitability standpoint. We did have some decline in involuntary auto, as more companies are willing to take on more of those drivers. That somewhat dampened our growth. But overall, when we look at our other personal lines products, other than the work that we have ongoing in landlord, manufactured home and PUP, we feel very good about the profitability, very good about the growth prospects in all those individual product areas.
Matthew E. Winter: You might also look, Mike, Page 23 of the investor sup, shows the loss ratio, cat ratio, expense ratio and combined ratio for that category.
Matthew E. Winter: Thanks, Tom, and Mike, thanks for the question. As you noted, this is the first quarter since 2006 that we grew items on a year-over-year basis. And while it's by a small number of policies, it's pretty widespread, widespread geographically and widespread in terms of its drivers, being both favorable new business and retention. As Pat noted in his opening remarks, we now have 21 states that are growing year-over-year. New business is 12% above prior year, and we actually have 36 states with higher new business levels than last year. As we've talked about on previous calls, we've been putting in House & Home. House & Home growth has been higher than our countrywide average. And as we've also discussed, House & Home gives us some benefits on the profitability side in that it normally goes in rate adequate when we launch it. And due to its product design, tends to be more stable and tends to require less rate. And so it gives us a competitive advantage in terms of stability in the marketplace. On the retention side, retention in homeowners continues to improve. We're now up 1.2 percentage points since 2012, and we have 38 states that are above prior year retention levels. What's interesting to us is that while we monitor both first and subsequent retention, and both are showing favorable trends, we've noticed that subsequent retention has now reached its highest level since 2005. So we feel quite good about the new business growth. We feel quite good about the retention trends and we feel quite good about the profitability of that business to enable us to maintain that trend line. So we believe we have more room to go. We did have some benefit of opening up in some PML areas that had previously been closed, where we figured diversification benefit was worth allowing small policy growth there. But by no means do we feel like we've capped out. We think we have geographic areas within the United States that are under-penetrated compared to what our market potential is. And we think we have room to grow as we expand our agency footprint in some of those areas. So we're cautiously optimistic about the future.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. Thanks, Tom. I don't really have much to add as far as the gas price impact. As Tom said, it's something we'll watch and watch carefully. But we don't expect it to be a core driver. That being said, our frequency so far has been extremely favorable to prior year. It's within our historical ranges, it's broad geographically. So our frequency trends are -- have been good. We stay on top of them, as Tom says. This is a national business managed very locally. And so even if the change in gas prices drives behavior and miles driven in some small geographies, it will be geographically specific. It won't be widespread. And so we'll manage it that way, and we'll continue to do what the company has been quite good at doing. As you see on page 7 of our presentation, we have a pretty long-term history of managing our margins well and keeping an eye on both frequency and severity and reacting accordingly. So it's something to watch, but not something to obsess over.
Matthew E. Winter: So as Tom said, I'm not sure specifically who you're referring to. So I can't comment on what they might have said. Obviously, PIF and BI are things that we watch constantly. They tend to be somewhat volatile. And they move around and bounce around. And if they're not managed carefully, they can get out of control. We watch them carefully and we react in a variety of different ways, depending upon the geography. In some cases, it's pricing action, it's -- in other cases, it's underwriting actions. In other cases, it's managing where we're growing and where we're not. And so we'll continue to manage those 2 coverages fairly aggressively. We're not seeing anything get out of control from our perspective, I can say that. We're seeing normal volatility that we would expect. But we're not seeing anything out of control.
