Matthew Winter: I think the only thing I would add Ryan, is that as Tom said in his prepared remarks, as we see the combined ratio in each local geography getting to an appropriate point in our loss ratios, getting where they need to be in the profit improvement actions fully taking hold in rate burning in. We will want to be able to stimulate growth in selected areas as long as we're earning appropriate return and growth requires some investment. And so, part of the expense ratio this year will be influenced by our growth plan and when we're able to turn on growth in certain areas and when we want to invest. We're focused on long-term value creation. And long-term value creation does require some investment, but it requires investment with appropriate levels of profitability. And so, it's flexible, it will go up, the degree it goes up will depend upon thoughtful analysis of whether or not we add appropriate profitability, appropriate margin, and whether or not we're going to earn an appropriate return on the investment.
Matthew Winter: How are you? I'm going to refer you to a page in the appendix that we put in there. If you look at the presentation slide 14, there is a whole bunch of drivers of the combined ratio and whole bunch of drivers, are these in frequency. Some of them are controllable, some of them are uncontrollable. Some of them we can manage and some we can't. Even within the ones that are somewhat manageable like new business quality and volume of new business and geographic mix, there's also some things that you just can't predict. Seasonality and weather especially is one of those completely unpredictable pieces of this puzzle. And so, when we look at year-over-year, you can look back, we have some charts to show fourth quarter seasonality that tend to spike up and then you have last year where we had almost no catastrophes and benign weather and this year much more normalized catastrophe year but I would say also a more normalized weather environment. Seasonality is one of those high level generalities that tends to pan out over multiple years, but you can have dislocation and abrasions in that on a year-by-year and quarter-by-quarter basis. So, I would not draw trend line conclusions based upon one or two quarters and how they appear versus previous quarters.
Matthew Winter: Yes. So, Tom referred to Slide 15. What Slide 15 does is show what we believe is one of the primary drivers of frequency as we talked about on almost every call frequency is driven by primarily miles driven but also weather distracted driving, new business volume, new business quality and underwriting and miles driven itself is driven by employment or even gas prices. We know what's happened to both of those over this last year. One of the confusing things is that I have referred in the past to the fact that the frequency trend is wide spread. But I think some of you have taken that to me that it is consistent across the country. It is widespread but it is not consistent across the country, in fact it's geographically varied. And Slide 15 is just some data from the federal highway administration that shows how miles driven as of November versus prior year has gone up in each of the different regions and you will notice that in the North East it only went up 2.9 while in the West it went up 5.5 and South Atlantic 5.1 etcetera. So, this is one driver but it's a major driver and it does help to explain some of the other questions that you've been raising about why different companies have different experiences. They have different geographic concentrations of their business, books of business, and the miles driven in those areas is different. It will clearly impact results.
Matthew Winter: Sure, Kay. So, you correctly pointed out that its customer base. So, it's all that customer centricity and using innovation effectiveness and efficiency not just to manage financials and manage margins but to better serve our customers. And there is three primary tracks of work going on under that category. The first is Tom just mentioned just trusted adviser and trusted adviser is all the work we have underway to help our agency owners and their staff and our exclusive financial specialists better serve our customers through personalized customized tailored solutions geographically based, that are advised based, not product push, that are solutions as opposed to transactions and based on long-term value relationships. And so, we have a lot of work underway there. And that goes to both the effectiveness of our agency system as a distribution model and the efficiency with which we put through product. The second major line of work that we have underway, is we refer to it as our continuous improvement, others refer to it as lean engineering. And we have installed continuous improvement in a good portion of the company already. It's a set of management principles and practices that empower frontline employees, get them involved in root cause problem solving, create flow of information, creating environment where they are engaged in their work and we have seen dramatic increases in productivity and efficiency of those operations that we've installed continuous improvement. We've also seen customer satisfaction and employee engagement in those areas. The third, and this is on really the innovation side the track of work we have underway, we refer to it as integrated digital enterprise but you've also heard me refer to it as a set of projects that take data predictive analytics and emerging technologies and combine those capabilities to better serve customers. And that includes a range of things that both use internal sources of data as well as external sources of data to provide more predictive guidance to our agency owners in serving their customers to help them better serve those customers, tell them what the next logical product for them might be. And to use those emerging technologies to deliver that in a way that's more accepted by the customer, more intuitive to the customer, and is more respectful of the customers time and energy. And so, you will continue to see a lot of focus there. As Tom referred to in his opening remarks, as he explained why the expense ratio may float up a little bit, we will continue to invest in all these core initiatives because they are all about long-term value creation. If we're able to better serve our customers through innovation effectiveness and efficiency, we will create a more valuable organization and we are all about that. And so, I thank you for asking the question.
Matthew Winter: Jay, its Matt. Those are two really good questions. First of all, what we are seeing part of our competitors, some of our competitors is a significant rate action in the filings that we're reviewing. As we make our filings, we see competitor rate filings as well. Some of them are quite significant, some of them are more moderate, most of it depends upon if you look back three or four years the level of rates they started this period. And so those who had a greater GAAP to cover in order to deal with the frequency and severity pressure are taking greater rates. So, we expect that to generate some increased turmoil in the environment and it will certainly generate shopping behavior in the industry and shopping behavior can be a positive or negative depending upon how you approach it, where you positioned and its all part of competition. So, we believe we are well positioned. We believe we are prepared for it. We believe we are monitoring their actions, but we are mostly focused on what we need to do to earn appropriate returns and serve our customers. And so, I would say our primary focus is always on managing our own business with an eye towards what the competitors are doing as opposed to trying to react the competitors all the time which I find can just drive you crazy. On your second question, it's a great point. There is a point of diminishing impact with gas prices on miles driven. We've always said that we thought the unemployment rate and economic activity had even a greater impact than the gas prices because economic activity impacts employment driving and gas prices typically impact only discretionary driving activities because if you have to go to work you have to go to work and you're going to pay $3 a gallon or you're going to pay $1.90 a gallon. If you are thinking about a vacation this summer and you're deciding whether to stay at home or drive down to Florida, if gases are a $1.60, it's probably going to influence you differently than if gas was at $3.50 a gallon. Now, there is a point at which though it's just plain cheap and it's no longer a question and I think we're probably at that point. So, I think you are correct in that from what we look at we think the biggest influence of the drop in gas prices has already occurred and it's unlikely that that will drive much further increase in miles driven. But that being said, we also don't know what economic activity is going to look like and what all the other influences on frequency will look like.
Thomas Wilson: Ryan, at first we think our reserves are properly established. So, we do that in a bunch of different ways. We look at both gross and net. We look at what the original amount -- we do it by claims. So, when a claim comes up, we put up some dollar amount toward, then as they adjust -- more they keep building that up and at least to an incurred. And then obviously we think that we have to factor in future upward development in that. So, we look at that as well. So, we look at paid, incurred, incurred but not reported, and we come up with a number, obviously for things like physical damage claims where they really settled out in about 90 days. That tends to run through pretty quickly. The bottom of the injury where it takes about four years before you get 80% paid out, has a little bit longer trend line on it. And as a result of that longer trend line, you tend to have more process changes along the way because you do things differently every year. And so, that never tends to bounce around a little more. But I think we're appropriately reserved. I don’t think you should think there was more or less in there then than we thought it. It's the right number.
Thomas Wilson: And Josh, I don't know if I'm reading into your question but it sounded like frequency was actually up quite a bit in the fourth quarter. So, I couldn't tell what your underlying assumption is. Matt has slide in there as well and the increase in frequency in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Wilson: We think it's the right range. I think we've been doing this since I became CEO. I think it's like it's maybe the ninth or 10th year that I've done this. We've never missed it. So, we do it. So, that we think it's the right range but that's reasonable. You get a point swing either way from frequency and severity. I mean you can get, as Matt mentioned, you can't predict frequency and to be honest it's really difficult to predict severity within a point. So, that alone gives you two points spread. There have been some years, Josh, where we've had a three point spread but that was when we weren't sure how quickly the home owners business is going to take hold and we did quite well. We got ahead of that and it was faster than we had done in our modeling. But we do a lot of statistical modeling around this. We think it's about right I mean if you are right we will see a lot of rate come through that $1.1 billion. And if loss cost and which is result of frequency and severity keep going up which is what we have in our projections, we'll put more in rate increases. So, no, we think it’s the right number. I am not, we set it up to get there and if you want to assume your case, then that would in the middle of the range. We don't get to a precise, so we do at this tangible point. It's like I like to give just round numbers and we think 88 to 90 will be in that range.
Thomas Wilson: It will be reflective of our results in the cost basis. So, if frequency and severity continue to increase, you'll continue to see us going to individual states with targeted rate increases. If it moderates, and I think we should expect to see it come down but we can't we don't know for sure.
Thomas Wilson: We have a plan, obviously, that we have frequency and severity, but when we move to do -- when we got away from EPS guidance, which I thought in our business didn't make a lot of sense. We said, we'll give you an underlying combined ratio guidance which excludes catastrophe. So, things we can pretty much predict, we think at 88 to 90 what happens with increases in frequency and severity, we can manage to it with the premium increases we will be able to get next year.
Thomas Wilson: We don't give out this specific sub-components. They just ends up being, it helps people do their models but it turns our conversations into one of modeling as opposed to the pace of the business. We feel good about the business where it is, we'd like to make more money in auto insurance even though the returns are above our cost of capital. We've made much higher returns in that at our competitive position and strength enabled us to do that and we are headed down that path. When we get there, we will be dependent what happens with the external environment.
Thomas Wilson: Well, let me talk about, so the fourth quarter we came in and we were able to get with insight our range. So, at 88, seven, for the year. The good weather really was a result -- wasn't really good weather necessarily. The home owners business feel a little better because we had fewer fire losses, which tend to be big losses. I don't know whether that's weather or just luck. We obviously on the other end of that which is completely controllable as Matt pointed out, is expensive. We did a good job getting expenses down because we want to be within the range. And then, the profit improvement actions did start to go through, but Matt, maybe lets -- maybe Matt taken to Slide 15 which shows the frequency. Just so because I think everyone saying it's like benign weather and like we had a big increase in our frequency in the fourth quarter and I don't want you to walk away thinking that it wasn't there.
Thomas Wilson: And that's your way to say. And Bob, I will say that we have a good system, we have a great team. They are goal driven. They know how to deliver what we said we would deliver. If you had asked me as last year when we gave our range of 87, 89, did I think frequency and severity were in a clip up at above five points, I would have said "No". So, the point is you really can't forecast frequency and that what I -- we can do is tell you given the strengthen of our system and the transparency we have our management process is in place, we think we can manage to 88 to 90 next year and so that we've set out to do. If we do better than that, then that will be because we reacted well and did well but we don't set it up so we can be below it. I guess it's not the goal here because obviously as you would expect, you want to be balanced, thoughtful, and transparent with your shareholders. You don't want to under-promise and over deliver because then everybody will think well the whole world's falling apart, nor do you want to over promise and under deliver. So, we try to do it and what we think the system can delivery and we think 88 to 90. We did not set it up to be too optimistic or set out to be too conserved. It's right down the middle.
Thomas Wilson: So, if we look back over the last couple of years, we set up our share buyback program really in a basis of as you put a capital that we have available. We sold Lincoln Benefit Life which we'd both on capital and also the proceeds from the sale. So, we move that up to the parent company $1.2 billion in 2013 and 2014. So, in 2015 we used a fair amount of backup, increased that buyback program but what may normally had been to a $3 billion level we're talking about. In addition, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've done a fair amount of work at kind of bringing our risk profile down in the corporation which once again has freed up some capital. We do need to grow the business at the moment as we said I like that we are going to pool in more money into our investment portfolio to back that into the equity type investment. We will need some to put some money aside, it should grow the business and will also we have to pay our dividend obviously and what we free up essentially from net income, we pay out on a year lag generally in and our share buyback.
Thomas Wilson: Well, we don't do it that way, then of course where the banks do it, but we do it with [indiscernible] which is so we look at how much capital we need, then we say how much do we earn, how much do we have, and so we don't do it as a percentage of earnings.
Thomas Wilson: So, thank you all. I will leave you with a couple of thoughts. Allstate has been extremely strong operating platform. First, that enables us to react quickly to whatever peers in the world. Secondly, we proactively manage our risk and return on a consolidated basis, whether it's catastrophes, auto margins, investment returns or our capital structure; we look at it in total. And thirdly, we are focused on long-term value. We pay attention to current earnings because it is set along the way, but we will not give up long-term value equation [secured to earnings] [ph] because we believe that's what shareholders want which is creating long-term economic cash value. Thank you very much. We will talk to you next quarter.
