Tom Wilson: Bob thanks for the comments about, Bob. They make a macro comment about Esurance is to how it fits into our overall portfolio and then Don can talk about the new advertising program. So, first, we like having four approaches to the marketplace. It gives us ability to get very clean customer value propositions for each of those target segments. For example, an Esurance segment is one of the components of the customer value proposition is give me tools to make me smart, whereas in the Allstate agency channel, it would be my agency – and my agent knows me so, we can see the difference that – you can think of that difference as it relates to our operating so, we like the ability it gives us to really hone in and get a customer exactly what they want. It also gives us the ability to compete more effectively against those people who are trying to serve multiple brands and so, we use those brands in conjunction to compete on two fronts as suppose to just competing on one front. We – obviously in all brands, they are supposed to make the adequate return on capital and we’ve talked about Esurance is progress to improve their loss ratio. We’re happy with where the progress they’re making but they are not where they need to be at. That said that doesn’t stop us from wanting to continue to invest and compete aggressively because the returns are still above our cost of capital in that business. So, Don, perhaps you want to talk about the new advertising program john, you’re actually want to talk about the new advertising program and what we have going.
Tom Wilson: It’s consistent with what we have, which was $1 billion of freed up capital, but we got – as you know we got to move it through the system to get it up to the holding company.
Tom Wilson: I will make a general comment and Matt can talk about the efforts he has undertaken on what we would call the trusted advisor. So you are right we do have a broad range of products in the portfolio. We are thrilled actually, you saw that Allstate Benefits has now over $3 million policyholders that sometimes gets lost by people. Our Good Hands Roadside is well over 1.5 customers. So we have garnered these – and that’s product we launched like three years ago or something. We garnered these people like with millions and it tends to get lost because they are so large, but we do think it is an advantage for us. We obviously Don mentioned the work that Esurance is doing to leverage the skills and capabilities we have in the company. We have also created our business-to-business unit under Kathy Mabe, we’re just trying to leverage that broad set of skills and capabilities as it relates to business customers because we’ve always been highly focused on consumers. We think we have plenty to offer businesses, particularly small businesses, and so we have a lot of work going on there. And then, as you point out, we’ve been at in our main channel with Allstate agencies, we’ve been working on having multiline relationships for as long as I been here, which is 19 years. And made some progress, but it’s been one of those areas where we feel like we have much greater potential. And Matt is hard at work on that trusted advisor piece. Matt, do you want to talk a little about…
Tom Wilson: Thank you. I am very excited about what Matt has got going there. Beside, as Matt pointed out the alignment with customers, we are building stronger local businesses – those agencies which are worth billions of dollars. One of Matt’s jobs is also to make those agencies worth more and to the extent they have a stronger relationship with customers, it makes them more valuable. I am very excited about what it does for them and for us.
Tom Wilson: Jay- Matt do you want to I think maybe just talk about winter weather frequency. You are talking about frequencies, is that right Jay.
Tom Wilson: No, it’s really a good question and as you know we manage our business with great precision. Matt can deal with that…
Tom Wilson: Matt gave you the impact on our frequency. We haven’t taken it so close to say it’s X point of the combined ratio. I would say when you go above all that if you look at our auto combined ratio it’s 93 to 94, depending on which one that you want to use, whether it’s underlying reported. And so, we covered at that way or if you look at homeowners, what we’ve done with homeowners is combined ratio was 87.25 basis. So, while it’s clearly – and you would expect it to bounce around, so we don’t want to – weather happens every quarter, sometimes it happens in January and February and it’s cold, sometimes it’s fog, sometimes it’s other things, so we don’t want to act like you should ignore the impact of weather. We still are responsible for an overall combined ratio, but that gave you was the information to help you see that. We don’t think the bump in the underlying combined ratio up is a sustainable bump to the general trends around the country, which are not weather related. But I don’t want you also just taken out and say that next quarter that we’re not going to have weather because we’ll have weather every quarter, is that make sense.
Tom Wilson: John, there is a paragraph in the queue that does a good job of breaking out the three components of that which – when you get a chance we can direct it to you.
Tom Wilson: I would agree with everything you said other than perhaps near term. We’re obviously working and Matt’s team’s hard work as we talked about and Trusted Advisor is driving that. We’ve not yet called when we think that negative will become positive but obviously with what we’ve done with the homeowners business we like to turn it into a growth initiative as well.
Tom Wilson: Vinay, this is Tom, I’ll ask Matt to deal with both where he feels they are in pricing and loss cost trends in auto in general. We do read all of your – everybody stuff and earlier this morning we’re trying to figure out to you 19. So we couldn’t, so we’ll get back to you on the specific on the 19 after the call. But Matt can talk in general about both where he feels the business and what he is doing to make sure we keep in line with our second priority which is to maintain underlying combined ratios.
Tom Wilson: Judy will answer that question and let me make sure I get the math right. So the stabilization are you talking about the earned deals fourth quarter of 2013 to first quarter of 2014 or.
Tom Wilson: Okay. I’ll make some general comments and then Kathy you can talk specifically about what we’re doing in Roadside and Dealer Services. But first when you go all the way up in other personal lines there’s lots of other stuff in there. So there is a number of consumer household products where that be personal umbrella policies, many of the policies Matt talked about that fit inside of that organization and are fully integrated with the way we do with our agencies just like auto, home and everything else. In those businesses Matt mentioned are also growing well. So renters and some other things we’re having a good year there. In addition to that as you pointed out we have a number of other really strong and significant businesses that oftentimes don’t get the attention that auto and home do. So one of those would be Roadside, the other would be Dealer Services. Roadside we have really three parts to that business. There is our standard, our auto – our Motor Club policies we sell for fee, then we have our Good Hands Roadside where it’s paid when you use it that’s why I mentioned we have over 1.5 customers. And then there is our wholesale business. Kathy, if you can talk about that business is growing quite rapidly in that third piece if she can talk about what she is doing there and what we need to do to – in terms of profitability there. And then Dealer Services sales extended warranties and things through dealers. That’s also a pretty large business. That’s a longer tail business. So the profitability as you have to – turns in over time, if she could talk about what we have going there as well.
Tom Wilson: I think where Kathy was is the wholesale business, it grew quite rapidly, we picked up GM which was the giant account and actually that business is not as profitable of the other businesses, they actually reduced our overall profitability. And in the Dealer Services business we like to profiting, we think it’s got good pricing and it’s growth is profitable. I think Michael there maybe some other pieces in there in terms of what we’re doing in renters and personal umbrella policies. So I would say let us help you we’ll dissect that for you because I think you’re looking at a broader combined ratio measure than just the businesses that we’re talking about.
Tom Wilson: You’re talking about the corporate expense line we’ve broken out. So there is – you have – yes interest expenses down some and then there are some shared service cost that rattled through their pension and other things that are down. In terms of the number we mentioned we took a big shot because we restructured the pension plans added to the balance sheet and as a result in terms of – we took the liability down and reduced our expenses by well over $100 million a year. So part of that rattles through but a large part of that also as Don mentioned gets allocated back out to him, so which is a good thing so – because it gets reflected in the profitability of our businesses. So but there is no big trends going on in corporate I guess – I’d say once you get through the capital restructuring plan and you got to look at the preferred dividends relative to interest expense because that shows up in a different line item. So…
Tom Wilson: Our current strategy with Encompass is to continue to rollout and expand the package policy because we think we have room geographically to do that and room within some of the agencies to do it that we exist to do business with. And why we’re doing that we’re still working to improve profitability in some of the space. So we’ve actually shrunk Meyer the – what we would call the segment business which is the standalone auto policy over the last four, five years. Over time I believe you’re right that we know how to price auto, we ought to be back and expanding that business, but right now it’s not on our list of priorities.
Tom Wilson: It’s hard to answer what the market phenomena is, but Matt might want to talk some about the actual results we have.
Tom Wilson: So remember part of the trend is Florida. We have some profit issues in Florida and New York, they tend to be BI space. So it’s (definitely) – you really got to look at it by state. And I would say if you go all the way up and it’s we’re – to the extent our BI cost severities go up, frequency goes up in BI or same with PD frequency or severity will reflect that in our pricing and all of it is manageable if you look at our average pricing and we’re feeling pretty good about it.
Tom Wilson: Thank you all for participating in our strategy. It gives us the flexibility as you can see they’re operating in a variety of different customer segments and we’re going to stay highly focused on our 2014 priorities. And the success we’ve had maybe proactive from an operating and strategic standpoint over the last four years. It put us in a position to just begin to build on a great franchise. Thank you all. We’ll see you next quarter.
Matt Winter: Thanks, Tom. So that the company as Tom has described it several times before is really in an evolutionary status. So, we went through period early on where there was an attempt to create a bundled offering for our customers. But that was disrupted somewhat by what happened with homeowners for a four to five period as we had to do some risk mitigation there. When you take homeowners out of the mix, it really is problematic to try to create a diverse set of offerings and present a whole bundled offering to your customers. Now that as you can see homeowners business is back in a fully fledged mode, we then able to shift out of what I call the subcontractor auto specialist mode to more of a general contractor trusted advisor mode for our agency owners who are able to position themselves as the personal risk advisors for their customers offering a variety of risk mitigation and protection products including not only auto, not only home, but life products, but retirement products, motorcycle, renters, LPP, the full line of personalized products in life and retirement products that an individual customer might need and might come to an Allstate agency owner for. The trusted advisor model is based upon some work done by David Meister – the Meister model and many of you in consulting and others probably familiar with that model and we begun shifting towards a trust based advisory model here and are building the entire system around including the technology, information, capabilities for the agency owners. The processes we’re doing a fair amount of continuous improvement, re-engineering work to change some of the work flows. We’re doing some work that we call unbundling the value chain to make sure that our agency owners are spending their time and energy and the staff is spending their time and energy and think that truly add value to the customers. When you take all of that and combine it, the impact should be and we’re seeing very encouraging early signs of it that they are shifting to more bundled offerings. They are approaching their clients, their customers in a more holistic manner and when we look at our new homeowners business, our homeowners new business right now that 80% of that is bundled with auto, 40% already have an existing auto policy and our purchasing homeowners on top of that, and 40% added a new auto policy at the same time as they purchased the homeowners policy. That’s combined with what are exceptionally strong growth trends in our consumer household lines now shows us that our agency owners are now living into that new model. Life and retirement is going to be more difficult voluntary benefits I could along with that, just because it’s a different type of business from many of them for their longer term agents, it’s something they are not that familiar with for many years. They were used to passing on those leads to others and involving our financial specialists from a distance in that opportunity and now we’re asking them to work with their financial specialist in the more integrated manner. So, I think it holds, and Tom thinks it holds, great promise for us as a company. I think it’s core to our differentiated value proposition for the Allstate agency owners. And I think you should expect to see it receive the increasing degree of emphasis and importance over the next several years.
Matt Winter: Good morning, Vinay. We’re overall feeling very good about where we stand in auto in the underlying and our margin and our capabilities for continued growth and maintenance of good profitability. As I’ve talked about on previous calls we really run the auto business by geography not solely as one large system and it’s managed on a real-time basis by quite confident teams at the market operating committee level who are aware of what’s going on in each geography, watching trends emerge, looking at regulatory issues, watching demographics and other factors and making calls on a day-to-day basis to ensure we’re staying ahead of those trends to the extent we can and that we’re maintaining the margins. And as I said before we breakdown our combined ratio and our loss ratio in what I would call almost agonizing detail. We know what’s happening there. We’re not surprised by any and we feel confident that we’re approaching it in a rational way. We’re as I’ve said also previously trying to optimize the point between growth and profitability to ensure we’re able to continue the kind of growth that we’ve been experiencing recently. We just had in terms of new business production, one of the best total auto quarters since 2001. We like that. Retention is up significantly and it has been up for a steady period of time now and we like that. And we’re balancing our desire to grow, capture market share and retain profitability and ensure we meet all the commitments we’ve made regarding underlying combined ratio.
Matt Winter: Yes. I think well that’s an interesting question to try to break it down from the entire market. We have – as I said before we’ve taken a fair amount of effort to look at this on a state-by-state basis and manage it as well as we could. We – there is always geographic mix issues and policy limit shifts and other things that impact that. And I guess I would say I don’t believe that we’ve done anything dramatic recently to indicate a trend line that you should read into this.
