Thomas Wilson: Well, good morning, and thank you for investing your time in Allstate today. Now let's start on Slide 2. So Allstate's strategy to deliver Transformative Growth and higher valuation has two components: increase personal profit liability market share and expand protection services, which are shown in the 2 ovals on the left. We're building a low-cost digital insurer with broad distribution to a Transformative Growth. We're also diversifying our business by expanding protection offerings as shown in the bottom.  In the first quarter, we made progress in 3 key areas to execute this strategy. We're 6 months into a multifaceted plan to address the negative impact of inflation, which is largely in auto insurance. This begins with aggressively raising prices. We're doing this surgically and raising prices more for new or shorter tenured customers with less profitability and less for longer tenured profitable customers. Progress was also made in executing programs to reduce expenses and manage loss costs. We also shifted our asset allocations by reducing the interest rate exposure of our bond portfolio in the fourth quarter of last year, which lowered the overall enterprise impact from higher inflation by $800 million.  Secondly, we continue to make progress on transformative growth by expanding customer access increasing pricing sophistication and building new technology ecosystems. Protection Services also continues its profitable growth trajectory with revenue growth of almost 14% above the prior year.  Moving to Slide 3, let's discuss first quarter performance in more detail. Property liability premiums earned increased 6.1% due to higher average premiums and a 2.1% growth in policies in force. Net investment income of $594 million was 16.1% below the prior year quarter, reflecting lower fixed income reinvestment rates, the impact of reducing the bond portfolio duration and strong performance-based portfolio income that was in comparison to an exceptional prior year quarter.  Net income of $630 million in the first quarter compares to a $1.4 billion loss in the prior year, which included losses related to the disposition of the life and annuity businesses. Adjusted net income of $726 million or $2.58 per diluted share declined compared to the nearly $1.9 billion generated in the prior year quarter due to lower underwriting income. You'll remember, last year's first quarter reflected low auto accident frequency because of the pandemic and inflation and loss costs had not yet been realized. We provided over $1 billion in cash returns to shareholders in the quarter and reduced outstanding shares by 8.1% over the last 12 months.  Moving to Slide 4. You can see how income from homeowners insurance, investments, Protection Services and health and benefits mitigated the negative impact as inflation had on auto insurance. Insurance underwriting margins provided $267 million of after-tax adjusted net income or $0.95 a share. Auto insurance generated a slight underwriting loss with a recorded combined ratio of B. Our industry-leading homeowners insurance business generated underwriting income that contributed $335 million of adjusted net income or $1.19 per share. And although performance-based investment income declined from record highs in 2021, results were still strong in the first quarter, with property liability net investment income contributing $1.56 per share. Protection Services and Health and Benefits income more than offset the losses in auto insurance.  Now let me turn it over to Glenn to discuss the property liability results in more detail.
Thomas Wilson: Yes, sorry, I was on mute. It was quite articulate but -- great. Let me start off and then I'll get Glenn and Mario to give you more specifics. So first, obviously, increasing price is really important to getting our auto insurance possibility. We've been aggressive, but we believe smart about spreading it between newer less profitable customers and profitable longer-tenure customers. And so obviously, let's say you have a customer who's been with you 10 years and you're making a 95% combined ratio, and you have one that's new and you're losing money on it.  And you have to raise your rates to cover the higher inflation, which impacts both customers. If you give them both the same amount, you run the risk of losing that long-tenured profitable customer. So we've put less rate into our, what we would call, older closed books and more into our newer books with shorter-term customers. And we believe that, that protects lifetime value and will help with retention. In this new space, retention is going to be a challenge for all companies. And so we're -- but we're trying to make sure we manage our way through it. So the numbers that you see on Slide 8 are the total between all the customers, whether new old profitable, unprofitable to help us get there. But it's more surgical than it appears. I would say the other part is what we're doing auto profitability back to Glenn's earlier slide was like we know how to make money in auto insurance, and we're going to make money in auto insurance. But we want to make sure it's sustainable.  One is the way we're taking those prices. Two is make sure the expense reductions are permanent, not just temporary, making sure you manage your loss costs differently, and just make sure you're being -- continuing to invest in sophistication and new products. So we feel good about this, but then hopefully, that provides some insight. As to the change in the outlook, that maybe be more what we said than just sort of like waking up in the month of March and deciding we're going to say something different. Glenn, do you want to talk about how this has unfolded. And Mario, if you're going to go onto closures, that would be helpful.
Thomas Wilson: Yes. I think when you go back to Glenn's long term. Bottom we like prospects for sustainable profitable growth. I mean, auto insurance, we know how to buy money and with transformative growth, we really grow that business. You add homeowners on top of that, which is really a growth business. And just like price and value are important to auto insurance customers, it's also important in investing. And when you look at the price of Allstate, it's essentially less than your other options. That's why we think transformative growth is going to increase nation multiples. .
Thomas Wilson: Well, that's a tough question. I don't know if we -- Glenn, do you want to take the forward looking.
Thomas Wilson: Okay. Well, thank you all for engaging with us today. As we go forward, we look forward to in the next month or so talking about homeowners -- and then we continue to execute in the meantime our multi-facet fan, both to improve profitability of auto insurance and to get Transformative Growth because that's a key component to sustainable growth, and both of those will improve shareholder value. So thank you for your engagement, and we'll talk to you soon.
Glenn Shapiro: Great. And thanks for the question, Josh. So it is definitely 2 different stories on the auto and home, as Tom mentioned. So auto, the first quarter is the shopping quarter in nonstandard auto. It's by far the biggest shopping quarter and our National General team did a really nice job of being in the market in the right places in the places they felt they had good profitability and the right pricing and growing effectively. So think of that one as -- and you're right, it's shorter duration business in terms of lifetime value, but that is their business model and they make a good return on those policies. So they grew auto in that way. . As Tom just mentioned, on the homeowner side, this has been a shift to the homeowner strategy in NatGen time that we're in we're really taking the Allstate strength and making it a strength of NatGen. So they've had to get some pricing in there. They haven't -- they've shrunk a bit in homeowners, but that's setting ourselves up for than the strategy part of this, which is as we get our middle-market products based on that Allstate data and the Allstate capabilities into the independent agent channel marketed as National General and Allstate company, the endorsed branding, that we think we have a really great opportunity to grow homeowners with the Allstate level of sophistication and pricing and all the things I talked about in the opening remarks. But in a channel, we really haven't meaningfully been in before. So that's the path forward. But as we sit from a 1-quarter basis, we're still in, I guess, correction mode of the homeowners business there, but in a really good quarter and in a really good place from a nonstandard auto standpoint.
Glenn Shapiro: I would just add that if you look at -- when you're talking about the premium growth there, it is 2 things in large part. One is, we've raised rates in sort of the traditional small commercial business we have. So rates are materially up, units are not. The other is that a year ago, transportation business is -- because we have -- the charge by mile and we pay them for the usage. A year ago, there was very little usage still in those transportation networks, and there's a lot more usage and therefore, a lot more premium right now. And we have raised, as Tom said, we've gotten out of some states and we've raised rates on those. So we think the profitability go forward is better. So it's not growth in that we're piling on business as we've gotten a lot more revenue coming through.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So I'll start with how it unfolded. I mean -- I would say, we continue to see inflation run like a lot of people continue to see. We continue to see elongated time frames for development, including prior year development. And so we're taking, I think, an appropriately conservative view and saying that like we're going to need more rate on that part of it. The other part on the precision, I want to build on what Tom said, because it's an important point because we do use a lot of precision.  And I think that there some folks who talk more -- or some companies talk more or less about their level of segmentation and precision. We maybe don't do a good enough job talking about the depth that we have in terms of our segmentation, which is highly sophisticated and that's what Tom is going into. But it's sophistication at that level, but also on the go-to-market level. Because clearly, we kept marketing open, and we took an opportunity to grow some business that the economics were good on. We did that because the marketing cost itself was down with others leaving that area. There were a lot of shoppers and first quarter tends to be a time that a lot of people shop. . Now we also did that with a lot of precision. It's the entire go-to-market system because we're not just -- to sort of have the open sign everywhere. It is -- we're marketing precisely where we know we have a lifetime value return based on risk type based on market within state level. And it's a combination of underwriting, marketing, pricing that all comes together -- and distribution that all comes together with how we go to market and drive where we want to grow and how we want to grow that I think goes into the need for rate as well.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So one, and if you saw the -- I'll go to the National General first, we saw that National General underlying combined ratio looked pretty good in the first quarter. And one of the things that they have that's really stable is fee structure. The fee structure is a nonrate element that turns out to be really stable over time and helps them predict and plan for their combined ratio. When I think about nonrate actions across the Allstate book, it really goes back to what I was talking about where it's about -- I don't like to isolate it to the word underwriting because then it sounds like you're sort of deciding to write or not to write as opposed to getting the right level of rate for each type of risk, but that also goes into with underwriting and marketing and distribution how you go to market.  And where we've really built our sophistication is in how our marketing team, our underwriting and product teams and pricing and our distribution organization deploy resources quickly and nimbly to where and how we're looking to grow. And I think that in itself generates a lot of the long-term economic value that we drive.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So there's a few parts to that because I'll talk more macro about the auto -- the car park out there and like the whole system. With every new model year newer that we get and every year that passes, we've done the math through what's in our book of business, what type of safety elements are in cars, accident avoidance, technology and everything. And we know 2 things: one, that we get a little bit of a tailwind with every year that passes on frequency, and we get a little bit of a headwind on severity because they're more expensive to fix, more sensors and so on. And the reason I started there is that would be true of this example as well. The fact that our book of business tends to trend that way more, it will give us a little bit of a sustainable benefit on frequency in comparison to others, and it will give us a little bit of a sustainable headwind on the severity.  But we do charge premium based on make and model year and you get a higher premium for it. It was more of a statement in that opening that as we look at and we try to put our trends, whether we're looking at Fast Track or looking at public disclosures, when we look at our trends on bodily injury or property damage, which are third-party vehicles, and then collision first-party vehicles, we see some of that difference come through and then have to like do the math back to our premium and ensure that we're getting the right rates for all of that.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So first, I always start with I think we're accountable for the recorded combined ratio because ultimately, if we always had a good underlying but like we hadn't gotten the right reinsurance or we hadn't been in the right locations, and we hadn't done good risk mapping for wildfire or hail or hurricane or any other exposure and we were constantly running what the industry or key competitors run. I think you would rightfully hold us accountable for that. So I always go back to the recorded combined ratio. That said, the underlying, as Tom said, it moves up and down a little bit, and we do watch that primarily though we watch the recorded combined ratio.  Right now, like Tom, I feel really good about where we are. Severity ran hot in the first quarter. It's tough to look at one quarter in homeowners and draw a lot of conclusions because there's a decent amount of volatility between the mix of perils in homeowners. It's not nearly as stable as auto in that way. And so we're watching that, that was a high number, but we got an average price increase, average earned premium of 14.3% burning through, which really ticked up in the latter part of the year last year. So we'll continue to give us benefit as that earns through. And we're in -- obviously, we're really good shape in homeowners, and I feel good about it.
Glenn Shapiro: I'll just add if you take the long term and the short term, the long term first, as Tom said, our expanded customer access, our work on improving value as we get the 3 points at cost that Mario talked about out and we've got access into all these systems, and we get middle market products into the IA channel and our exclusive agents are humming, we've got a really good long-term prognosis on that. . With your question, you were asking, I think, some about the short term. So as you think about what we did early this year, we pulled marketing dollars forward, and we've talked about the fact that we pulled them forward. That's not the same as increasing them. It did increase in the quarter, but it's pulling it forward. That means it does have to come out of somewhere, too. We decided to do that because there were good economics on the marketing. A number of companies publicly talked about pulling back from marketing that left from the supply and demand curve of marketing costs that left it reasonable, and there was good economics on it, plus a lot of business gets sold in the first quarter.  So we thought with a lot of shoppers in the market with rates out there, that it would be a good time to be in the market where we had our prices in, and we felt good about the lifetime value. That said, inflation is continuing to run and we're taking more rate, and we pulled that money forward from later. So marketing will reduce from this point and that could have a short-term impact on new business growth, plus we've got -- everybody will have headwinds on retention with the amount of rate that's in the system across the industry.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, I'll take it. Yes. So it's definitely earned basis in that we look at our when you look at combined ratios, it's on an earned basis. So you're hitting a really important point. So it's an astute observation. Because I think about that disclosure and you could look at -- when you look at the percentage of states that are above 100, for example, that is not the same as looking at the way we look at where do we want to grow. Because the state could be above 100 right now, but we've just gotten in the rate we feel we need to be adequate. So any new business we put on is going to be at a rate adequate level that we like, and we would want to grow there. So it really does lag and you have to go back to Page 8 and see where that -- which we don't -- because that's an estimate. We don't estimate every state and disclose based on when we'll earn the premiums and what percentage will earn by state and what that will do. But the point is, while that's a snapshot of where we are today, that does not reflect all of the written premiums and increases that we've got. .
