Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, this is Tom. We still feel comfortable with 88 to 90. That's a full year number. That's one quarter. A lot of the quarters bounce around just because of weather, but we're still comfortable with 88 to 90.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, let me make a couple of comments about the run rate, and then Steve and Judy might want to jump in. First, we prefer not to give sort of line-by-line projections for the P&L, although I recognize that this is a more difficult one in this environment to get your arms around, particularly as you look at this quarter. So as you pointed out, we had a couple of things. Some of it is prepays, which are a little hard to forecast by its own [ph] . But we also had some litigation settlements. You might remember, about 1.5 years ago, we made a little bit of press by filing suits against a number of issuers of mortgage-backed securities, and we've started to settle some of those. So those really are truly nonrecurring and really reflect just an offset to losses we had in prior years. And then limited partnership returns bounce around. And Steve or Judy, you might want to talk about limited partnership returns and then what's happening with the core portfolio.
Thomas J. Wilson: First, you remember, we did put a bunch of money into the life insurance company over the last couple of years, and their goal is to return some of that money to us. Some of that will come through surplus notes. Some of it we'd like to come through dividends, and we have to work through some statutory accounting issues to get that done. So the intercompany loan was really just a way for us to get higher returns on $500 million of capital. It wasn't needed for capital purposes. It wasn't -- it was simply a way for us to move money into a better-returning asset, that's all.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, you have to break the expense ratio into a bunch of different pieces, right? So there's the Allstate brand expense ratio, which is that which we deploy in that lower left-hand quadrant. That was up a little bit, but we got a little ahead on technology spend. I would expect that to come down a little bit as we move through the year. Esurance expense ratio is high, and it stays high as long as we think the acquisition costs are better or a good trade for the lifetime value of the policy. But in general, we're looking at just about everything we have to try to reduce costs.
Thomas J. Wilson: Sure. Matt can talk about that. I may put it in a broad multiyear context, and Matt can talk specifically about that. Over the last 3 years, we've been working hard to strengthen our Allstate agencies and the distribution platform, and we did it at a time when we knew that we'd be backing off some on volumes because of what we were doing in the homeowners business. So we've done everything from change performance standards and work with those agencies who are not going to be successful to leave the system, to helping those successful agencies buy other agencies and build those agencies up, to deploying technology for them, to changing the compensation structure so that it aligned with our customer-focused strategy. So it's been a multiyear effort, and we feel good about where it's coming out. They were obviously -- anytime you make that broad and deep a change, it takes -- there's a few bumps in the road. Matt can talk specifically about the compensation program.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, this is Tom. You've always been known to ask for more, and Judy's will attempt to give that to you.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, the only thing that's unusual, our technology expenses were a little ahead of plan in the first quarter and we took a charge for our future employee reductions.
Thomas J. Wilson: Greg, this is Tom. Judy will give you the specifics. But remember, those commitments, we sign up to a fund, and those commitments are drawn down, as you would expect, over a long period of time. And at the same time, as those commitments are being drawn down, we're getting cash from our existing investments.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, first, thank you for the recognition. Matt's smiling quite broadly here. We think we're pretty good at the auto business. We pay a lot of attention to it. We have a culture and a set of operating practices and organization structures that ensure that, that keeps going, so we're a little paranoid about it. Matt can talk specifically about some of the underlying trends in the big states and the things that he's watching, to give you a sense for sustainability. But I would say that it is a -- as you know, one of our core objectives has always been to maintain auto profitability while we start to get the business growing again.
Thomas J. Wilson: So we have the same culture in the other businesses that's executed a little differently. So if I could get Don Bailey to talk about Encompass and Don Civgin to talk about Esurance.
Thomas J. Wilson: To all of our participants, I know it's a busy day for you. We got a number people with questions, so if you could give us your most important question, we'll then commit to try to get through as many of these as we can.
Thomas J. Wilson: Vinay, this is Tom Wilson. I'm not sure I agree with your premise that people left because of the compensation program. People choose their -- where they will put their professional efforts based on what they think their ability to succeed is. Obviously, that includes compensation, but it also includes their own skills, capabilities and their own view of what they want to do in their lives. So I wouldn't attribute the decline in agencies to the compensation plan. I would say that our agencies have been going down over the last couple of years. But if you -- the other thing to look at is the number of licensed sales producers. So which is really more important is how many people do we have out there selling. Matt might want to make a comment about -- I think what I would say is if you're really getting at where the agents heads, Matt might want to make a comment about agency productivity.
Thomas J. Wilson: Vinay, thanks for your question. I'll point out it's not really a follow-up. And I would ask all the next people -- I do want to try and get to everybody. We're always looking at reinsurance and the right way to shed risk or to keep risk and what's economic, and we're comfortable where we're at.
Thomas J. Wilson: Adam, this is Tom. I'll make a general comment about Drive Wise, and Matt can talk about the rollout. So there is a difference between Drive -- first, of course, all -- there is an odd word, telematics, which is the analytics connected to the car. There is a difference between our program and some of the other ones out there, in that ours is called Drive Wise because it is a continuous connection with the customers as opposed to a moment in time or one that stops at some point once you get down with the pricing. Matt can talk about what we're doing to leverage and build that strategy out both near term and longer term.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, it's a good question, one that is very difficult and really impossible to answer because seasonality, of course, all depends on whether the -- when you start splitting into what season is it. Maybe April is spring, maybe April is still winter, as we saw yesterday. And then, of course, it depends when the weather happens, not just on the date but the type of -- time of day. So a hailstorm during heavy traffic costs you a lot more than a hailstorm at night because the cars are in garages. We've tried to and continue to try to answer your question so that we can look in granularity at the level of profitability in our various states, and it's really impossible. So far, we've not been able to correct the code despite lots of computer and intellectual horsepower. Okay. Thank you all. Overall, it was a good start to 2013. We remain focused on executing our strategy, which is unique product and services to distinct customer segments. And then we have our 5 priorities, which we'll continue to report back to you on. Thank you for a little extra time today, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Judith Pepple Greffin: So Jay, we did -- as Steve said, we did have the 2 pages in the sup, and I think that those will be helpful in terms of distinguishing between the core portfolio and the equity portfolio, so you could see on that page what's happened in both. I think it's key to see that as we reinvested in the lower rates, done the risk reduction in the property-liability portfolio for interest rates, that the core earnings on that portfolio, the core yield has come down and will continue to come down. As Steve mentioned, the differential between the core portfolio yield and what we're reinvesting at is about 200 basis points, so that will continue to happen. I think it's also helpful to look at the upper right-hand side of Page 10 of the presentation that Steve just went through, and it goes through the progress that we've made in the risk reductions. And I think that also helps give you an indication of what we've done so far. And as we've said, we're going to continue to sell some longer-dated maturity securities and reinvest in the intermediate portion of the curve.
Judith Pepple Greffin: So for Allstate Financial, it's a little bit different because we're managing to match the liabilities, and there, we're -- in that portfolio, it's more of a 7- to 10-year proxy. So on property-liability, we gave you a 3- to 5-year proxy, and on Allstate Financial, it's 7 to 10.
Judith Pepple Greffin: Thanks, Tom. So Bob, in the limited partnership results, there are a couple of things. First of all, there are private equity, traditional private equity returns, and you can look at that and see some correlation to the broader S&P and you can apply a beta to that. And you're right. When they -- we do report on a quarter lag and when the S&P does well, those valuations tend to do well. The second piece is real estate, which is a little bit tougher to align to the S&P, but it also tends to do well in this type of environment with lower rates and a lot of demand for real estate. The third piece, which has come down significantly over the past couple of years, is our hedge fund exposure, which is almost nonexistent at this point. So we basically replaced that with private equity and private real estate, and we're also looking at increasing our investments in infrastructure and real assets. That's a little bit slower than we'd like because a lot of people are looking for those types of assets, but we still think that those offer value as well.
Judith Pepple Greffin: So it is about $2 billion, and about $1 billion of it is set aside for Allstate Protection or the property-liability business and about $1 billion for Allstate Financial. And as Tom said, it's just a drawdown over several years versus the commitment. And what we find is, though, that it's not a dollar-per-dollar increase with what we currently have, because what we currently have will pay down over time as well. So by the time we fund those other investments in our current portfolio, they'll likely have already been realized.
Judith Pepple Greffin: I guess I would say that we are trying to grow this part of the portfolio, yet the 40% likely won't happen because of what I just talked about.
Judith Pepple Greffin: There again, we're trying to grow it, as I said, but it's more difficult because there's lots of demand for those assets. So it's not -- we continue to allocate it to private equity and real estate as well, so pro rata is not too far off with the way to think about it.
Matthew E. Winter: Hey, Michael, it's Matt Winter. You had a couple of questions embedded in there. So at a high level, let me start with where we are in the homeowners book. We have done a substantial amount of work on improving the profitability and returns of that business. We now have house and home in just about 22 states, making it available to just over half of the U.S. population. That product goes in immediately rate-adequate. We've also had rating actions, and if you look in the sup, I believe it's Pages 14 and 25 in the sup, you can see the history of our rate-taking actions. It has slowed. It has slowed in the last couple of quarters as we get closer to being rate-adequate. We're not quite done. And we're addressing it not just through rate, but through some continued underwriting actions. So although the vast majority of the nonrenewals and the reinspection program has had its impact, there is still some additional work to do. As you noticed, while we've been doing that, we've managed to ramp up new business, so new business is up just about 12% in the quarter, and that's continued improvement over the second half of 2012. We were about flat in the third quarter of '12. Fourth quarter, we were about 5.8% up in new business and this year, 11.9%. And we're actually growing new business in 33 states compared to 14 a year ago. Retention takes a little longer to work on, given the fact that these are 12-month policies and given the fact that some of the profitability and rating actions and underwriting actions have an impact, some collateral damage on retention, and so that hasn't moved as quickly as new business. We're hoping that as rating actions and underwriting actions soften and as we get closer to the final point of our profitability, the retention will start to pick up. We have a huge amount of effort underway on customer experience and retention. We know it's a key lever not only in the homeowners business, but also in the auto business. So the short answer to your question is we're not done yet with all the profitability actions, but we have made substantial progress, and we're trying to coordinate the turn by getting new business ramped up quickly. So as we get more rate-adequate and as the underwriting actions soften and decrease, we'll be in a great position to start growing.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. As Tom mentioned, so we had a fairly substantial set of changes in our overall agents' compensation program. We implemented a variable compensation piece. We implemented a new annual bonus structure, and we implemented a set of measures designed to create a different type of an agency system consistent with our new customer value proposition. So rather than being single-product-focused, it is now more representative of the type of customer experience we'd like our agencies to provide, so they will get compensated better when they sell the full portfolio of products. When they pay attention to household bundling and household penetration, when they pay attention to customer experience and achieve great customer experience, they have compensation incentives in place for that, and their representation of the brand, all the way from physical presence of their agencies to their level of continuing education and their representation of multiple products. So this past year was really the first full year of implementation for both the variable comp piece and the annual bonus piece. It appears to be doing what we wanted it to do. It's driving the behaviors we want. We were surprised, and pleasantly surprised to see the success of most of our agencies in making that turn. It's really difficult to respond to a new compensation system when you're running a small business and you've built cash flow projections in your business plan in a certain way. But I think our agency owners did a phenomenal job adapting to the new system, reorienting their business, redoing their business plans, and they maximized their compensation and did exceptionally well last year. And so any reference you may have seen may have been to the fact that we had a good payout last year on the annual bonus, and we have a high percentage of people making the variable comp and, in fact, a substantial percentage making more now as a result of enhanced customer experience.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes. It's Matt. Thank you both for the question and for the comment. As Tom said, a lot of our ability to manage this has to do with the systems we've set up and have been set up over the years here, to be very proactive in the auto business and watch emerging trends. A lot of that has to do with a fairly decentralized product organization that is focused down at the substate level on geographies and local markets to watch emerging trends. And a lot of it also has to do with the feedback loop with our claims organization to product, where the claims personnel are really monitoring trends very quickly, reporting on them and enabling us to stay out in front of it. We see that most evidently in some of the larger states. You see what's happening to New York and Florida. We feel pretty good about what's happened there. We've done -- that team has done a phenomenal job paying attention in very, very difficult environments, as you're aware. And we manage the loss ratios both holistically and by individual component. So it's easy to get trapped in either of the 2, either looking at loss ratio and not looking at the individual components, or getting so focused on BI paid severity or PD paid severity that you don't look at the overall context and the overall loss ratio. And so we've set up a structure where we're looking at it in multi-dimensions. And we're watching the emerging trends, and we're trying to stay ahead of our loss trends. Yet, at the same time, we're very focused on optimizing between growth and profitability. We think that we're seeing some really encouraging trends on the growth side. We have -- we saw some great overall growth in new business. This year, we -- this quarter, we had 29 states showing positive growth in the quarter, where -- the retention is also up, with about 32 states improved in the first quarter. So the more we focus on our ability to maintain our existing customers and improve their customer experience and get the new business engine growing again, while we maintain the profitability awareness and focus, we think it's setting the stage for a dynamic business.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. Well, remember, I talked about, at probably the last 2 earnings calls, about 2 initiatives that we had underway with the auto business, that we've termed price optimization and broadening the target. And essentially, what the intent of both of those initiatives was to do was to slightly expand our target market. We had been very selective in our target market, but we were -- we had a very attractive rate for a fairly small group of people, and we wanted to, consistent with our risk profile and our underwriting rigor, expand that a little bit. And so we have broadened that target market a little bit, still well within what we believe is the preferred type of risk that we want as a company. And consistent with that and some of the cross-line sales and discounts for multiline, we are seeing a broadening of that target. We're seeing a larger group of people who are finding us attractive. They tend to be very profitable. They tend to bring a need for other products with them. It's a pretty broad-based improvement, and what's interesting is that the new business trends that are up and the retention trends that are up, are up in those states where we have implemented those 2 initiatives, the price optimization and broadening the target. So we're seeing them provide the lift that we expected, and we're seeing that continue to roll out as we finish installing those tweaks to the rating plan across the country. So overall, it's a slight broadening, not in a dramatically different market, but a disciplined move to expand our target market to include a greater percentage of people who shop with us.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. So let me try to answer it this way. The underlying premise to your question is that historically, over the last year or 2, we saw a decline in some of the agent population, and is that continuing or is that slowing. And I would say, first, not all of that was unintended. We had some expected attrition during that period, as we were shifting and trying to get to a more productive agency force. I would say, much like the comments I made about homeowners and other efforts, the vast majority of that is behind us. We've seen agencies prove that they can be very effective with our new structure, with our new compensation structure, with our new support model and with our new customer value proposition. So we are seeing a stabilization of agency numbers. And as Tom mentioned, we have a large initiative underway to not only grow the number of agencies, but to grow the number of licensed sales professionals, which is working quite well right now. We are seeing net positive growth in many states, and we have a series of things we are rolling out to improve the recruiting selection and training and development of those licensed sales professionals and provide additional support to them and enable them to be as successful as we have been focused on for our agency owners.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. Adam, so let me just kind of give you a snap -- an assessment of where we are right now. So it's been rolled out in 16 states so far, including 6 in April. And we'll continue to roll that out through the year. We'll probably have 3 or 4 states per quarter. We've seen very favorable early results from a new business lift perspective. So as we roll it out, the new customers are excited about it and interested in it. To date, we have just over 400 million miles that have been driven by customers using the device. And of those receiving a driving discount, the average savings is actually just about 14%. So it is both promoting safer driving behavior and resulting in a benefit to the customers. We've seen a really interesting dynamic on the enrollment. More than 1/3 of all new customers enroll with Drive Wise when it's available, which is a greater take rate than we anticipated as we do this. Now we're looking at -- as we continue to roll this out, we continue to look at next-generation versions of Drive Wise and ways of making it even more affordable for us, easier to place into the car, with less required interaction on the part of either customers or agents and additional functionality that not only continues to provide us with information about driving habits that we can use to perfect our ratings models and to provide better pricing to certain customers, but also that provide additional tangible benefits to customers based upon the new connection now that would be available with our data sources and them in their cars.
Matthew E. Winter: There's no doubt that it is -- it has some impact, but I would say this is a system, Adam, and it's hard to attribute upticks to any one component. There's lots of things happening all at once, including decline in taking rate, including tremendously improved agent productivity and agent engagement. There's marketing effectiveness with new types of ads. There's new generations of agency management systems that are helping the agencies be more productive. So I think there's lots of things contributing to that new business lift, but we do know that Drive Wise is providing some lift as well.
Matthew E. Winter: I believe I remember what I said every time, which was that I'm not going to give you exact percentages, but about half is due to sustainable changes in our model and in our underwriting standards. And we were benefiting from some favorable weather that contributed about the other half. Look, this is a constantly evolving product line. As more and more house and home gets in the market and as a greater percentage of our homeowners' book is comprised of house and home product, it will impact our sensitivity to certain weather patterns and to certain events. And as the weather changes and as we continue to get more and more sophisticated in our risk management, in our concentration limits and the way we use our full portfolio, that's going to change it as well. You may recall, Brian, that I mentioned that we look at the homeowners issue as a portfolio. So we not only have the historical Allstate product, we have the new house and home product, we have our excess and surplus carrier, North Light, and we have a multitude of nonproprietary homeowners offerings provided through Ivantage, our brokerage capability. And so as we continue to refine those and stay on top of the trends, we think we will continue to make progress. But weather is weather, and it's volatile, and we saw that this last quarter. We saw water claims pop up. And it was -- we saw a freeze in Arizona in the middle of January that created a 300% increase in pipe burst claims in the month. That kind of stuff happens, and so we just -- we'll stay on top of it, and we continue to perfect the product and the underwriting and the risk management as a system.
Steven E. Shebik: So Josh, we bought back in the open market, for the first couple of months of the quarter, a couple hundred million dollars of shares, and then we pre-funded $500 million in this accelerated program and received 9.2 million shares back. We will settle that at the end of that program and pay either in more shares or they will hopefully pay us some additional shares, but we will pay them a few shares to settle out the deal. If you look at both the earnings release and the 10-Q, we have that broken out for you. I'm not sure about the $444 million. I have to check.
Steven E. Shebik: Got it. So what that is -- you don't get all the shares back for the $500 million, so that reflects effectively the amount of shares they gave us, which was based on $425 million at the price on -- I think it was March 1. So it was not $48.
Steven E. Shebik: So the accelerated program goes as late as July 2, so we don't have control over that. And after that, we will go back to open-market purchases. So generally, if you look in the past 2 or 3 years, we slow down during hurricane season. So probably mid-July through the end of September, kind of pending when the storms are, we buy less. And we buy more in the first half of the year and in the fourth quarter.
