Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, I'll start and then Matt can join in. First, we think this is very doable that we can get margins back to where they were. Obviously, you can do your own estimate. We tried to provide some measure of how much dollars will come through the P&L on that slide that Matt showed. But also, you can look and know that we do disclose that we're increasing our price increases from where we've been so far this year, so you can factor that in. As it relates to expenses, I would say, what we're doing is tightening our belt, but we continue to invest in the future. So, you'll remember in 2011, when we had issues in homeowner profitability, we continued to invest in long-term stuff like advertising and continuing to increase our expenses. Same thing is true this year. We're cutting some expenses, but we'll continue to invest heavily, for example, in things like DriveWise and DriveSense, which is the future for us. Matt can talk about both his prospects for rate increases and expense reductions.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, the rate increases – it's 1.25%; that's throwing me for a little bit. So it's 1.5% for the quarter and what we've indicated is we would expect it to go up as we move throughout the rest of this year, up from the 1.5%.
Thomas J. Wilson: As it relates to severity, I think – Matt's point there was, we have a broad-based approach to making sure we're going to come in where we want to come in and he's just referring to there's no stone unturned.
Thomas J. Wilson: Okay, Kai, let me just set the bar. So as Matt mentioned, it is up and your numbers are absolutely correct as it relates to the second quarter. On one of the slides in the presentation you can see the dip down in costs in Q2 of 2014, and what Matt has said is, of course, some of the up is – that 6.9% is because of that down. But it's also just up higher than we'd want. So we're doing everything we think we need to do to adjust that. Let me maybe make a – so underneath that, perhaps, as it may be your question about did we react quickly enough, and I think Matt's team has reacted incredibly quickly to this and the system is fully aligned on improving profitability. Just to provide some details to that, when you look at total costs, that's the losses plus expenses, which combines both the frequency and the severity, as you point out, and you compare it to the rate of increases we're taking in pricing, that is an appropriate analysis. If you look at 2014, the first quarter was up a lot because we had bad winter weather. Then it was about the same, as the price increases, the costs were kind of moving along. So about three-quarters of the way through 2014 everything looks fine. The fourth quarter, of course, as you know, went up and it exceeded our price increases. And then in the first quarter they came down a little bit, but were still pretty high. So it was really towards the back end of last year and beginning this year that Matt's team began to accelerate price increases. As we saw things develop in April and May, they accelerated that and increased their activity around profit improvement, which is the plan that Matt just took you through. So I think the system is working as planned. It is highly focused on making sure we earn an appropriate return and reacting quickly.
Thomas J. Wilson: I'll let Matt comment in specific where he's working, but let me maybe set some historical context. So, our unit growth in auto is over 3%, which is hard to tell whether you're picking up unit share, but it feels like we're picking up unit market share there. Homeowners, of course, accelerating at 1.2% and the other lines are increasing about 3% as well. The – this is – Matt mentioned, this'll have some impact on that auto growth line, but this is different than the results we're seeing in Encompass, where we're seeing a decline in PIF, and it's different than the reaction we had when we worked aggressively to adapt to other external conditions called homeowners and severe weather in 2009. So, we do mention in the press release that we expect overall items in force to increase. Matt can talk specifically about the impact on growth competition, what he's seeing even today as it relates to close rates.
Thomas J. Wilson: Okay. Let me make a general comment and then Steve can fill in here. So, of course, paid is just what we paid out and we don't report incurred. But when we do our reserving, we do it on an absolute claim reported basis. So we look at how many claims are reported, and then we estimate what we think the incurred severity will be. We do that in a number of ways. We look at what's paid out on claims, we look at field reserves. We adjust those field reserves for the fact that they develop upwards over time. And then we have, of course, claims that have been incurred but not reported. So, as opposed to – some people set their reserves based on a targeted loss ratio. So, they'll say you start the year off and say we're going to write $1,000 worth of business, we think the loss ratio will be 70, so they book $700 worth of losses. That's not the way they do it. I can't speak to whether that is – how other people do their reserving. I'm sure they're accurate and highly focused on it as well. There's lots of actuarial science and lots of review that goes on for anybody that reports this stuff. So, I can only tell you what we do which is – and so, the reason we report paid is, it's a good, clean number and it's easy for people to understand; incurred, of course, changes. Steve, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Thomas J. Wilson: And a couple of reasons that we do that. First, as it gets into pricing faster when we do it that way. And, secondly, as you look at paid, though, you should also note, it bounces around a little bit as we change claim practices. So, currently, we've changed some of the claim practices on major medical expenses and that's accelerated some of the payments of bigger claims. But we adjust for that when we estimate what we think the actual losses are for the quarter on which we report.
Thomas J. Wilson: We base our profitability based on the number of claims that have been reported and adjusted for those that we think have not been reported. So, it's actually live what happens. So, when we're closing July right now, we know exactly how many claims we had in July, and that's what runs through the P&L.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yeah. It's a good question and one we talk a lot about. Let me maybe set the really long-term context, and then talk about where we are today. And Kathy can give you some specifics about the profit improvement programs. So, first, we actually bought Encompass in 1999. At the time, it had a combined ratio of 117. We took it down into the low 90's, which was a good thing because it obviously generated a lot of profit for us. The even better news is, we didn't pay much more it. So it generated a good return on our capital. And so, even today, with its results, it looks like an acceptable return on capital. That said, this has been a difficult channel for us to maintain consist profitability. In part, there's intense competition, of course, at the point of customer interaction, and the customers tend to be highly price sensitive. We should be able to leverage both our auto and homeowners insurance expertise to compete effectively. That said, our current results aren't where we'd like them, but we have to continue to develop our capabilities to compete, as you point out, on a long-term basis. Kathy can talk about the things we're doing specifically, today, to get that combined ratio down both on a recorded basis and underlying basis.
Thomas J. Wilson: Sarah, we're not – if you look – you'll have to do your own estimate, but I think we would expect that, if we are going to be at 89, below 89, we're obviously going to have to at least hold it, because of where we are with – we're at 89.1 for six months. So in all the actions Matt talked about, the rate slide, all that shows it burning in. You can estimate – you could calculate that, what you would think it would be by quarter, by fact, and we think we've given enough information about the prices we've already had approved. You can factor in then – to that what prices you think we will try to get approved and when those will roll in. And then you have the expense ratio number that Matt talked about. On top of that, you'll have to make an estimate of frequency and severity, obviously. And Matt gave some numbers as to what the longer term trends are in frequency and severity. I would say, if you look at miles driven today, they're relatively high on an historical basis, and so frequency is up. Could frequency continue to go up, of course it could, which is why we always have a range and why we're adapting our pricing and profitability actions. So, you'll have to just make your own estimate of that piece. But we are not giving a specific by-quarter underlying combined ratio for auto insurance for the Allstate brand.
Thomas J. Wilson: As you would expect, we've done all kinds of analysis around that. And we have a range of what the underlying combined ratio will be for this year, given that we are six months in and knowing what we know. But also knowing that there's a variety of things we don't know and can't predict. So, there's a range around that. But we felt comfortable that we would be below 89 to stay committed to it.
Thomas J. Wilson: I'll let Judy talk about the specific net investment income. But I'll point out, just in terms of what we have done, right, so if you look at our investment position, we've tried to position the portfolios on the appropriate risk adjusted return basis. We're not trying to be a hedge fund and mark-to-market every quarter. If we don't like the risk per unit of return, then we make changes. And so, the changes we started making two or three years ago was for higher interest rates. And so we shorten the duration on the Property-Liability portfolio. As we disclosed, we started to shorten that duration in the long-term payout annuity block in Allstate Financial and some of the capital accounts this year, because we believe that the return per unit of risk for interest rates was not attractive to us. And then we began to shift into some idiosyncratic equity-like investments called performance based, which generate higher long-term returns on a risk-adjusted basis, but leads to more variability, as in limited partnership returns.
Thomas J. Wilson: I think the important thing to think about from shareholder value creation is we believe in looking at long-term shareholder value creation, and so when we shortened the Property-Liability portfolio we took a pretty significant hit to operating earnings per share because we thought it was in our shareholders' best interest. You'll see not as large but also a significant impact as it relates to Allstate Financial in the short term because we're harvesting gains and giving up operating income. But we believe that's in the right interest of shareholders and we don't run the place just on operating EPS on a quarterly basis.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, let me share some analysis that Matt did as well, which gets to the question of your competitors have better pricing or you are growing by being underpriced, which I think might be underlying your question there. And the data does not show that to be true. So he looked at one measure of competitiveness, of course, is your close rate and that's how many of your customers take the policy after they quote. And while price is not the only reason somebody would close, obviously we think they close because we give them good local advice and have great service, but it is obviously very important. Those states where we have the highest close rate tend to have very low loss ratios, which would lead you to conclude we're not underpriced as a way of driving that growth. If you look at the bigger states, they have lower close rates than some of the – ones that have higher close rates, which are – they are more competitive states. But the vast majority of those big states have loss ratios that are below our targets. So the conclusion then is, we're winning through sophistication, not lower price.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yeah, Bob, so it's advertising, technology, professional services and several employee-related costs, and that's what we've disclosed and that's the action that we're taking.
Thomas J. Wilson: So, let me just close to say, first, Allstate's operating philosophy is profitable growth. When you compete in an industry that has an overall return on capital below our targets that means you have to have the guiding principle that profit is the biggest driver of shareholder value. Obviously, you have to be sophisticated and you have to react quickly, all of which we're doing. We've done this before, whether that's in homeowners or other businesses. We do are proactive in managing shareholder value on a long-term basis. So, for example, in the investment portfolio, we are willing to give up operating earnings per share, if we believe it creates long-term shareholder value. And we'll continue to operate with that philosophy of creating shareholder value. So, we expect to continue to drive results and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. Thanks for the question, Jay. You mentioned rate increases and expense reductions. I'd also remind you that we considered the underwriting actions and correct class programs and things like that a third lever that we're engaging in this effort because we are, in fact, tightening some of our underwriting parameters, providing some increased focus on correct class programs and we'll continue to use underwriting in conjunction with that. On the expenses, I'd point you to page 59 of the Q. We are clear there that the targeted expense reductions will represent approximately 0.4 point on the annualized Allstate brand expense ratio. So you can factor that into your calculations as well. As Tom said, we are accelerating to the extent possible our rate taking and so far we've been quite successful with the states. We're not getting a great deal of pushback. Our acceptance and approval level is high. We are doing it on a micro segmented basis, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We're attempting to not just take broad rate increases, but to focus them on the specific segments where we're having underperformance or loss pressure, and so we feel good about our prospects for aggressively pursuing that. Obviously, on the slide I showed on earning-in the rate, I have to stop at the end of the second quarter, but you have to hypothetically add on to that what we might be able to take over the rest of this year and into next year, and it will compound and we feel comfortable that we will get back to an appropriate targeted level of auto profitability as quickly as possible.
Matthew E. Winter: Yeah, Ryan, the state specific is influenced heavily by mix and that's not really a representative number to look at.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes. Thank you for the question. First of all, it's important to distinguish between impacting growth rate and impacting growth. So, what we said was we expect the rate of growth to dampen a bit as these profitability actions take effect. We have had eight consecutive quarters of year-over-year growth in the auto business. We have been consistently improving that growth rate during all of that period. Retention has remained at fairly historic highs. New business has been exceptionally strong. And my only point in saying that the growth rate might decline is we do think that at some point, taking all of these rate and underwriting actions will dampen our ability to continue accelerating. That is not to say we expect not to grow. We will grow and we've said multiple times we intend to continue to add items in here. We just don't believe that we'll continue on the same trend line that we've been on.
Matthew E. Winter: Bob, thanks for the question. We spent an awful lot of time and energy getting our agency force engaged, building up capacity, adding points of distribution, adding licensed sales professionals, entering markets where we had been geographically underpenetrated, and over time that along with some of the work we have done on the rating plans has improved close rates and quote rates and we have begun growing and the momentum has built on itself. And so while we have taken a bunch of rate actions and underwriting actions already that growth momentum has been so strong and so systemic that it has still not shown up to dampen those growth rates. But, as we said several times during the call, that has a limit. I don't know exactly when that's going to occur. A lot of it depends upon competitor actions as well, and whether or not competitors are taking rates as well or whether they're waiting this out. It will depend upon the mix in different areas and geographic concentrations of our competitors. So I think that growth is a good thing. Obviously growth with targeted levels of profitability is our goal, and so right now I'm focused, and the team is focused extensively on the profitability challenges to make sure we get that in line and so that the growth yields shareholder value, long term shareholder value in a long term, productive way.
Matthew E. Winter: It's Matt. Michael, let me make sure because maybe I wasn't as clear as I should have been in my opening remarks. One of the bodies of work that we did was to go back and look at whether or not the loss ratio pressure and the frequency pressure was showing up in the growth areas and in the new business, or whether or not it was showing up consistently across the books. And, in fact, when we did that analysis, we saw those old blocks of historically profitable business, long-tenured customers, unrelated to any of our recent growth. We're experiencing significant frequency changes as well, consistent with what the overall book is experiencing. So, the pressure we're seeing is not specific to growth segments. It's not specific to growth geographies. It's not specific to anything related to growth. We're seeing it across the broad book. So slowing down growth, the only part that that will impact is that what we refer to as the new business penalty, which is that differential with the normal new to renewal ratio. And as I said, we are monitoring that closely, and we will take appropriate action to ensure that we hit the targeted underlying combined ratio.
