Thomas Wilson: In the interim period, people are reporting either directly to me or to other members of our 16-person senior leadership team.
Thomas Wilson: Jay, we buy back stock as we think it's appropriate in markets we have extra cash flow. Given the loss this quarter, we started slowing down a little. We still expect to finish the program on time with where we said it would be, which is first quarter of next year. As it relates to overall capital management, we obviously have a long track record of returning capital to shareholders, if we don't have a use for it. The $3.5 billion at the parent company level, some of that is necessary to make sure we have some cushion for dividend, debt repayments and interest payments. We don't have any debt repayments coming due anytime soon, so it's mostly for the first and the latter. And that tends to be somewhere in the $700 million to $1 billion range. The rating agencies prefer to be around $1 billion. The other amounts we use as appropriate. So about $1 billion of that will be used to purchase Esurance. And then we look at the share repurchases, every time we finish a program, we look at what we want to do going forward. That tends to be based on our outlook for profits and what we think the underlying trends are in the business, as well as keeping some extra cushion for the volatility, which comes from catastrophes.
Thomas Wilson: Bob, we wouldn't hold you in that category. Let me maybe deal with it in pieces. As it relates to the agency owners. The headline there would be, look, we're successful in moving through the change necessary to execute our strategy. I'll give you a little historical background. I’ve personally known and worked directly with the agency owners for over 13 years. Last week, I was with 15 of our senior vice presidents, who run the field force and about 1,000 of our top performers for 3 days. And I also created and work closely with the National Advisory Board, which is a group that actually represents the 11,000 agencies we have. They are highly supportive of our strategy, which is to make sure their businesses are focused on personal-touch loyalist segment by offering a broad set of differentiated products. Now to do that well, we have to do a couple of things. We're going to have to increase the average size of our agencies and we're working to align our compensation system with individual performance. So these are hard things to do, particularly when you're fixing the homeowners business, where you're getting smaller and raising prices in that segment. But we've successfully come through changes in the past. We're well on our way to doing this together. Last week, for example, on compensation, we talked about how we incorporated their feedback and we were given an ovation by the agency owners. I'm not -- we get to where we are together. We get from where we need to go together. So these are people who are passionate about helping people, running strong local businesses. And together, we'll start to grow that business. So we're completely aligned and putting more resources behind their growth and helping them achieve their objectives. So I think we're fine there. It's always -- if morale is always a little better when you're growing and everything’s good, but we're also aligned and are locked arm-in-arm to go forward here. As it relates to the employees, we're in fine shape as it relates to the employees. As it relates to shareholders, I think we would all, as a shareholder and Chairman of the Board, we'd all like to see the stock price higher, which is just -- we'll keep working on doing what we do best, which is run the business, make money and get it to where we’re going.
Thomas Wilson: Bob, I would say you should feel comfortable that we know how to run that auto business and make money in it. We've done it for a decade. The frequency specifically in the quarter was down really across all coverages. PIP was down in Florida, so we're feeling good about our actions there. But if you looked at it in total, I would say it's in the range of normal fluctuations. The second quarter of last year was actually a little bit higher than is traditionally the case in the second quarter. So you get quarter-to-quarter comparisons skewed a little bit. Underlying theme as I like to think about it, look, we know how to run that business, we know how to make money in it.
Thomas Wilson: Mike, a couple of things. As I mentioned in the comments about, in 27 states quarter-to-quarter, we're up in items in force. If you just look this year, that number is 30. So the number is moving in the right direction. That range of up is from a low 1% to some are up 4% to 5%, we have a couple up at 8%. So the business is growing outside those areas. That said, we get paid to grow the business in total, so we have to fix Florida and New York. Those businesses are still shrinking in size, and we're on the way to having those fixed. But there's a whole bunch of things still going on there. There's a new chiropractic schedule in New York, so there's -- we're not out of the woods on New York and Florida yet, but we're well on our way to having it fixed. So I feel good about the underlying business model we have. And saying that, that works. We got to make it work in all states, so we grow the overall business.
Thomas Wilson: Yes, I'm sorry, the combined ratio in those states is better than the average you see for the whole country because New York and Florida are above that level. You did see -- you didn't ask this, but you did see a small drop in average premium this quarter, which is in part due to some great investments we made to drive growth in those other states and that's working and those combined ratios are still highly attractive.
Thomas Wilson: Let me leave it with this, we're feeling pretty good about where we are in the rest of the country. We feel our business model hunch [ph]. It's not an easy market with the amount of advertising going on these days, but we like what we see. The biggest driver for us will be to continue to push retention up, which means not only doing a better job for our customers and everybody else but also selling them more products, and we had a really great quarter on selling Allstate Financial products. We've launched new products there. So we're liking the multi-line aspect of that, which we do as well.
Thomas Wilson: As it relates to New York and Florida, there's not a whole lot more to say. I mean, we're making progress there. We don't have a specific date at which we'll think it's completely done. I will tell you that we are starting to focus more on how do we grow in those markets, now that we've made some pretty good progress on getting the underwriting stuff done. So what we need to do is not only improve profitability there, but grow those markets, so that we can grow the overall piece. As it relates to Esurance and the agency owners, they're fine. Actually, many of them are quite excited about it because what we've done is said we're going to focus their efforts on personal-touch loyalists. The Esurance will be focused on self-directed customers, who want a branded experience. They understand the difference. They got it. The additional work we're doing to improve the customer value proposition with them, they're very excited about. And we've also, we loaned money to agency owners at quite -- at attractive return for them and us to help them merge agencies. We are increasing the size of that new mass business and so we're feeling good. Everybody is, I think, aligned around doing it. So we don't -- there's not a -- sometime you’ll see reports that people think it's going to be like channel conflict. This is about doing what the customer wants. Everybody gets it. Everybody knows if we do what the customer wants, we'll all win and that's what we're focused on.
Thomas Wilson: Wait, wait, sorry. Yes, I get it. The overall -- we like the overall trends in the business. There's obviously -- you get a lot of quarter-to-quarter fluctuations, particularly if you look at like fire coverages. Fire amounts to less than 10% a year units, but a good 40% or so of your losses. So to the extent you get any kind of swing there, it bounces around the frequency and severity a lot, so you really do have to look at paid pure premium. If you're up 6 in average earned premium and you're up only 3 in your paid pure premium, which is the combination of both frequency and severity, that obviously means your margin is going to get better. We've been pushing through large rate increases in the homeowners business since the beginning of 2009. It takes a while for those to get through the business, but we feel good about where that trend is.
Thomas Wilson: Well, I -- the question obviously is asked in total as opposed to by state. Some states this year even, we filed for numbers with 2s on them. There are some states, where we're filing single-digit increases. So it's, of course, varies wildly by state and with inside of state. But if you were to use the total combined ratio, we have non-cat today, let's call it 69. We'd like to be in the low 60s to handle normal cat. That means you need 10 points or so of price on top of that, which looks like what we've been doing over the last, like, 18 months. Obviously, some things change when you do that. People change deductibles and that kind of stuff. So it moves around a little bit. You might not get all that through the written premium. But we are well on our way but we're not there yet. And so, you should expect to see us continue to file increases in homeowner rates at least probably the next year to 18 months.
Thomas Wilson: Matt, let me maybe break it into 2 pieces and ask Judy to do it. First, we have the investment income but then the derivatives, as stuff goes through the capital gains loss line. So I'm not -- I'm a little -- I want to make sure I get your question right. So Judy can talk about what we're doing on investment yields perhaps, and then we can talk about derivatives, what we've changed there. Is that...
Thomas Wilson: Matt, if you look at our overall portfolio. Matt's kept it short. We have a negative duration, so if you're after what happens if interest rates go up, we think we are positioned to do well if rates go up. Obviously, as rates go up, it has a negative impact on the value of that which we own.
Thomas Wilson: I'm not sure I’m with you, Josh, on the relationship. I can tell you what we're doing in those 2 states on both lines and then maybe that will...
Thomas Wilson: Well, there are 2 different stories here. In Florida, we're down to about a 3% share of the homeowners business and into the low teens on auto. We made that change over the last 5 years or so. And we managed our way through that by -- and we actually grew our auto share when we did that. So we feel good about the work we did. Now we do broker a lot of business through our agencies, to other people, so that our customers still have bundled coverage, but we manage our way through that. In New York, it's more regional than the whole state, which you have in Florida. So if you get east of Sunrise Highway up on Long Island, it's a different story than if you're in the boroughs or in upstate obviously. So those 2 things are moving along apace. We don't have as fast a pace on improving the catastrophe exposure position in New York because it's much lower probability. So you do these things according to when you think you can, when you have to. And so we're pushing ahead on that one. We've lost less auto customers in New York than we thought we would lose given the work we were doing at homeowners. So we feel good about the way we're managing the business. It doesn't mean that if we offer somebody coverage with another company and not us, that they don't get mad and take their auto policy and go someplace else. But by and large, we have a good set of relationships, definitely manage our way through it. In terms of the auto rates, that tends to be, again, more segmented by type of customer. And so bundled customers tend to be getting less of an increase than non-bundled customers, who tend to be the people who drive more of the PIP losses. So we feel good about being able to do both things. What we do need to do in the auto business is fix the profitability in both places and then to come up with a plan to grow. Because if you're not growing in those 2 states, it's pretty hard to grow in total.
Thomas Wilson: Well, first, you would always expect us to do what's economic. So it isn't just sort of who's got more money to throw out in the marketplace, so we always look to see what's economic. It's our belief that what we're spending at the Allstate agencies is economic today, and we'll continue to spend at that level to the extent introducing new products, more bundling helps us, we'll spend more money there. Esurance, we know through our research that we can increase the ad spend and improve the economics through its affiliation with the Allstate brand. So if we say, Esurance and Allstate company, we know that improves close rates and consideration levels, both of which give us the ability to spend more money on advertising, both of which should enable us to continue to grow that business pretty aggressively.
Thomas Wilson: Dan, I’m a little confused. I think most of it, we've been talking about New York and Florida. California doesn't -- I don't think it's been in people’s questions. California is a state where we need to grow. You’ll remember in 2008, we took a $250 million rate decrease on Standard Auto in California. As a result of that, we slowed down growth there and there's some new laws came in place, so we had to redo our rating plan. And that was just approved and we've been in the market 3 or 4 months at this point. We feel good about the results we have. We do need to start growing California. We have seen a pretty -- a nice uptick in retention in California in the last quarter.
Thomas Wilson: In total? It's about -- okay, Bob can give you some breakout by stuff. But I would say, in total, it's -- you're getting it low-single digit growth outside of New York and Florida.
Thomas Wilson: Well, first, as I mentioned earlier, we're successfully moving through the change with, in conjunction, in tandem with our agency owners. We have 2 groups, the National Advisory Board, which I established in 2002, I think, or 2003. We also have the Agency Executive Council, which is a group. Those 2 groups we work actively with to shape everything from how should we get agencies bigger, to what should we do on compensation, to how should we help you grow in your local market. So there's a lot of work we do in conjunction with our agency owners every day. I mean, obviously, they own businesses that are worth billions of dollars, when you add it all up. They're important to our customers and so they're important to the overall equation we have. The group you're talking about is a small group. We think it's a small group. It's not officially any group that anybody really interacts with the company on. They've been -- they've appealed to be a guild, which is somehow affiliated with the AFL-CIO to -- but a guild doesn't mean anything, if you want to form a union, you actually have to be recognized by the National Labor Relations Board. A similar effort was done in 2002, and they were not approved as a group because they are independent contractors. They are still independent contractors. The important point is after 2002, we started working very hard to, and the reason we formed those 2 groups was let's get a line and do this together. And so, we've been in a good place. This group is led by somebody was hasn't been with the company for over a decade. So we don't spend much time with them.
Thomas Wilson: Well, you are seeing, they are putting a big push on that. It's a new way of pricing, which is in part related to a new customer value proposition but it's a relatively narrow one. We have something called Drive Wise. We're in a number of states with it. It's all device driven. It has a fair amount of appeal to certain segments of the population. It's not at all appealing to other segments of the population. So we think that the connection between cars and the telecommunications connections between cars, getting your car to serve as a cell phone on wheels, lots of things will happen that we can develop broad customer value propositions around. We have a number of efforts, we call them the connected car effort, which is there's very -- there's many pieces of that. One of which is our Drive Wise program, which we're continuing to roll out and test to make sure it works with people. But there are other parts to that value proposition as well. So I think, if I lend a little more macro flip, it's a little bit like we talked about in June which is, the competition in this industry 10 years ago was really based on getting more sophisticated in price. About 5 years ago, it became who had to throw weight in the marketplace on advertising. And now it's shifting to -- those 2 are still in place, so they never go away. It's now shifting to who can really do the right job for customers and our strategy is unique customer offering for people who want to buy bundled products. So selling more Allstate Financial products, selling more specialty lines. We're up, we had decent growth in Allstate specialty lines, which is boats and renters and that kind of stuff so, motorcycle insurance. So you'll see more of the competition shift to things like that, which will be either unique ways in interacting with customers or different value propositions, which is probably why...
Thomas Wilson: I mean, I suppose they could. The devices are a little expensive. So I don't know. I mean, important is, -- I mean, you can mail anything to our customers. They're all pretty American, so there's really -- would we want to mail their device to our customers? No, obviously not. So yes, they could mail the thing out. But it's -- I'm not sure it's a great economic deal for them because your breakage rate on direct mail’s pretty high, and sending out all these devices would be pretty expensive.
Thomas Wilson: The pace begins with how do we do a good job for our customers. And so anytime you -- if an agency owner decides they don't want to grow the business and they'd rather merge it with somebody else, we'd like to make sure that we have all the processes in place so that the customers are taken care of. We've been working hard on those processes over the last year or so, and we're in position to do that well today. The pace really is driven though, Brian, more by what the agency owners want to do. We don't – as the lowest performing agency then we don't give you as many options. But the large portion of our agencies get to make their own choices when -- with the compensation programs we're putting in place, it should give them a good transition period and the choice to make a decision when it fits for them and their business needs. So we’re at about 11,000 agencies today. We don't have a goal as to what number do we went to get to by the end of the year. What we do know is we need to increase the average size of them, so as long as we're doing it in a way that makes sense for our customers, will make sense locally and fits with the business needs of the people who own those businesses, works okay with us. So I don't think you should expect to see a huge rush up or down, it just sort of -- it's what we always do. In every business you're doing this, you're always adapting to change, figuring out how you do a better job for your customers. And some people make the change and come with you and really benefit from it, other people decide they want to do something else. And that's fine, you just have to do it with respect and dignity over time.
Thomas Wilson: Yes, I know what the number is. I just want to make sure – I wasn’t sure whether you disclose it or not. It's about 40%. And we have -- that number has gone up pretty dramatically in an absolute number in the last year. We had a very targeted focus on going out to mono-line homeowners and saying, "Oh, by the way, your price is going up, but we have a bigger discount on auto. So if you'll roll your autos to us, you can probably, either -- you can certainly reduce and perhaps eliminate much of the increase by bundling with us." And that's been highly successful in terms of the increase and that's part of our strategy, which is we'd like -- we need to increase the number of products that people buy from us whether that's auto and home; auto and life; auto, home and life. What we do know is the broader our relationships are, the longer those customers stay, the better relationship they have with those local agencies. And those are the kind of people who want that local agency relationship and that's a specific unique customer segment. We're going to deliver everything we need to do for them. Separate segment would be what we do with the self-directed people and we're likely to offer bundled products there as well, it's just, we'll do it in a different way.
Thomas Wilson: Well, it's not as simple a question as that because not every one of those -- let's take a 60%. Not every one of those are not you earning a good return on. So many of those customers, you do earn a good return on despite because they're not in a cat zone or they haven't had those kind of losses. Secondly, we believe that the -- we can, it's a great opportunity for us to sell them auto insurance. I'm sort of a -- I don't want you to think about it as auto insurance-centric, right? Auto insurance is our biggest product but we really are customer-centric. We'd like to sell whatever our customers want to buy. So if they want to buy homeowners and a life policy from us, that's good. If they want to buy homeowners and a boat policy and a life policy, that’s good. So really think about it as how do we grab as many customers and sell as many things as we can to them. We want to make money on all those things. So it's not a good strategy to -- as you point out, to sell money to a customer, have them buy one thing from you and lose money on it. But that's rather than just jettisoning them, we think there's a great asset there that not only can we make money on what we do sell them, we believe we can sell them other things, we'll make money on too. So it's not as easy and fast as you might describe besides the fact of getting rid of -- if you were to try to jettison another 3 million or so homeowners, there’d be a little bit of -- you'd have some regulatory issues anyway. But that's not -- it's not -- our strategy is to make money on what we sell them, and sell them more.  Thank you all for participating today. Our goal is obviously to improve returns and then grow our businesses by having differentiated offerings for unique customer segments. We'll see you next quarter.
Matthew Heimermann: Well, if I could just clarify. I guess, that had historically kind of been my presumption, but as I was reading the Q this morning, it just struck me that the presentation presents it as a reduction to net investment income and then a reduction to realized capital gains, and then there's a reduction to policyholder crediting or benefits. And then other expenses. So that's why I'm re-asking the question and if that's still wrong, then that's fine.
Matthew Heimermann: Yes, that's perfect. And I guess, with kind of the goal of putting in perspective the pretty big sequential leap and that investment income this quarter.
Matthew Heimermann: I got that, Tom. I was just more specifically asking about the crediting rate on Allstate Financial. But appreciate it.
Matthew Winter: Yes, Matt. This is Matt Winter. Yes, I think that's a pretty fair assumption. We have been fairly aggressive in crediting rate actions. You see it somewhat in contract holder withdrawals. We pierced the bailout in some of our products. I think we're at a fairly stabilized level right now and so I think that the ratios you see should continue. There’ll be some natural volatility there as contracts come in and out of withdrawal periods. But generally, it's a fair assumption.
Matthew Winter: That is such a complex question. That depends upon how fast it goes up. That depends upon where contracts are in bailout periods and withdrawal periods. I really can't answer that without misrepresenting it.
Matthew Winter: Yes. Brian, it's Matt. So we did have an elevated level of contract fund withdrawals in the second quarter but it was not unexpected. So we had expectations based on historic sales levels. And during the first 6 months of 2011, we saw an increase compared to the same period, the first 6 months in 2010. And those variances were driven primarily by increases in surrenders and withdrawals on deferred annuities in the second quarter relative to the same period last year. So we had a higher number of contracts, which were the T-Link contracts and the ChoiceRate contracts that reached the 30- to 45-day window period, where there's no surrender charge. We also took some crediting rate actions on our equity indexed annuities, where we lowered those cap rates and pierced bailout rates. We did that knowing that we would have an increase in surrenders, as a result of that. We believe that in balance, it was the right thing to do economically for the company. We in all of this have to balance what's good for the policyholder, what's good for the company, what's good for our ability to continue to sell those products in the marketplace. So it's a kind of a careful balancing of all 3 interests, but we saw exactly what we expected, and we think we did the right thing for all 3 constituents.
