Matthew E. Winter: Yeah, Elyse. It's Matt Winter. Thanks for the question. Well, as you correctly pointed out, there's a fluctuation as you see on slide 6, you see some offset between the frequency and severity. That being said, there were some process changes that do influence some of those results, so we'll see it normalize, but it may not go back to exactly where it was previously, because there were some of the changes, as John referred to in his remarks. There's some enhanced documentation requirements. So the next changes, I think in response to a question you asked last quarter, I talked about the timing impact and the peristalsis that sometimes occurs in the claims area, where you have a buildup of claims that are then processed. And especially in BI with the long tail on it, you can see that happen. So, you can expect to see some fluctuation, but the general trend here that you see at the bottom right on slide 6, which is that overall, the combination in frequency and severity is declining and offsetting itself, that we expect to continue.
Matthew E. Winter: Well, I can't give you – we don't forecast or predict rate that we're going to take in the future. What I can tell you is that we continue to look at actual rate need, and the rate need is based upon paid trends. We look at that rate need, we look at our indications and we make determinations on the localized basis. Take into consideration economic capital, the rate needs, our competitive position and a bunch of other criteria in determining what our rate need is and in determining what rate we'll take. But I think it's impossible for me to predict for you what that will look like in the future.
Matthew E. Winter: It's Matt, Sarah. We're not seeing the same kind of trends that some of our competitors have reported regarding severity. Clearly, if you look at our paid severity trends on the bottom right on slide 6, you'll see that there's been some fluctuation; but for the most part, since the beginning of 2015, it's held relatively constant and I'd say in line with inflationary indices.
Matthew E. Winter: Yeah. Hi, it's Matt. The only thing I'd add to what Tom said, because I think he's 100% correct, fundamentally there's nothing that's changed in the overall business that would imply limitations that didn't exist before, regarding our ability to earn appropriate returns. But the way we really manage the business is towards the creation of long-term economic value. And so that's not just targeting a specific combined ratio, whether it's recorded or underlying. It's the combination of earning an appropriate return and being able to grow the business at that appropriate return. And so, we'll optimize around long-term profitable growth in the business.
Matthew E. Winter: Greg, it's Matt. Let me try to take that. So, as we shift out of rate taking mode and enhanced focus on profitability and get back to a more balanced approach, it's not just a question of just ramping up expenses for advertising, because that's just one component of what's necessary to get the system growing. So, it's multiple components, it's "volume", it's rate competitiveness, which impacts close rates. It's capacity and agencies and it's number of points of presence. And what happens when you're unfortunately taking a fair amount of rate and we have over the last several quarters, is it impacts all of those things. It's not just that you're not advertising, a lot is you're eating up aging capacity or impacting your close rate. It's hard to put on new agencies in that environment and so your number of points of presence tends to stabilize. So, as we get more stable and as we believe we can see frequency and severity stabilize and that puts us in a better position to begin, the growth initiatives, you'll see a whole bunch of things change and one of them might be some additional marketing expense. But it's only a small component and I would say that marketing in and of itself, if you don't have the agent capacity and if your competitiveness isn't there, it's not a very efficient spend. So, we'll consider that among the other levers that are available in the business to work towards long-term profitable growth.
Matthew E. Winter: Ryan, this is Matt. We'll distinguish between process changes that impacted PD and those that impacted BI. If you recall in the last quarter and potentially the quarter before that, I referred to our desire in this environment to capture more and more information regarding the claim and PD, so that we're better able to manage staffing costs and appropriately serve our customers and ensure that the claims machine is ready to deal with and help out customers at this time. So, we began capturing a greater amount of information at first notice of loss, especially on the PD side. And so, we told you at that point, and it continues to hold true, that there is a differential between the gross and the paid. And that we will over-capture information on PD and have some of those claims closed without payment. That's okay as far as we're concerned. We're more interested in effectively managing the system and taking care of customers than anything else. So, if we have to have some dislocation in the numbers, and some volatility in the numbers to do that properly, we'll do that. On the BI side, as John said in the opening comments, this really had to do with just requiring some enhanced documentation for injuries and related medical treatment in our numbers. And so, that does influence the mix, it does influence the cost, it impacts the mix and the timing. It impacts both the frequency and severity. But none of these things impact our overall actual loss trends or our reserving or the P&L. Because as John mentioned, in his opening comments all of these changes and all of this information is factored in, along with our paid trends and all of the other information that we review on a very careful basis in setting our reserve levels and determining our actual loss costs. So, yes, we have some volatility in some of the operational claim statistics that we show you. But no, it doesn't imply any real change in the actual P&L type statistics that we manage the business on, take rate based upon, and report on.
Matthew E. Winter: Ryan, it's Matt. So, let me follow up on that. It's a really good question. And I think it's important to remember I've been talking during this entire profit improvement program over the last 18 months about the fact that we, as we've taken rate, tended to take segmented rate. That is, we did not just spread rate along the entire book in any geography, but did it by sub segment, looking at those categories of customers where we were having margin pressure. So, we didn't take the rate in equal doses across an entire book; but in fact broke it down, so that we were applying the rate need to those segments of the business that were most problematic. In some cases, that tended to be newer customers, shopping customers, segments that as we had expanded our books over the last couple of years tend to be more volatile and they shop more often. And so, if we had pressure in that segment and we took rate there, it's not surprising that we had some renewal pressure. But we tried very hard, as Tom said, not to lose any customers, and not to have any impact. But it is an unintended consequence, an expected consequence, whether or not an intended consequence of our need to get margin appropriate. Any time you take rate, you stimulate shopping behavior. And we know that when you stimulate shopping behavior, you are going to lose some segment of those customers. And the same thing will happen to our competitors as they now take rate and begin to disrupt their books as well. We will be the recipient of some of that. And we hope that as we emerge out of – you will recall, we took a lot of rate in the last quarter in the second quarter, and in some of the larger states, so that is why our number looked particularly large in second quarter. But as that comes down a little bit, we hope to be less disruptive to our customer base. And on a system-wide basis, we hope to get back to a more normalized basis where we're not disrupting customers. It's not good for customers. Obviously, we think they're all better off staying with Allstate, and it's also not good for our agencies who are dealing with that disruption.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: This is Tom. Let me add one thought. As we increase rates and obviously as our costs go up, we need to recover those costs, so that's part of it. If in fact those costs moderate over time, you expect that component of increases to go down. That said, we still need to increase our margin to where it has been historically. So, I think you should expect to see our price increases stay above our cost increases, those are the times when we get back our target margin.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Mike, let me make just a comment, strategic about the positioning we talked about, then Mary Jane can talk about the results at Allstate Life and Allstate Benefits. So, first, Lincoln Benefit, I think it was 2014 we sold it. So, we kind of came around the track on that one already. And so you saw that really beginning in last year's numbers. This year, what you're seeing, it's a different strategic choice, which is the choice to do a different asset liability matching program in the Annuity business. So, as Steve mentioned we have about $12 billion of payments that are due over the next 40 years to 50 years in that immediate annuity business. Of course, we have to have investments that generate returns to make those payments. With current interest rates, it would not generate, we took all that money and invested it today. First, we couldn't get the right duration. Secondly, the rate on that would not be enough to generate enough earnings to pay all those amounts off, so we would then have to put some capital in. What we've chosen to do is put the capital in now and invest in equities, which will generate a higher return. When you get past the 10-year period, the return on equities is twice that of bonds, and the risk is about the same. So, we think that's a good use of shareholder capital from a strategic standpoint, that's a different use of capital than the capital you're talking about freeing up from Lincoln Benefit. Mary Jane, might want to make some comments about Life and Benefit.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Okay. Yeah. Thank you, Mike. First, Esurance is a better company now than when we bought it, because of the skills and capabilities be brought to it whether that's branding, marketing, claims, pricing preferred, customers getting into the homeowners business. So, we've added value. And it's a good, strong company, and a much stronger competitor now than it was five years ago. It has grown a lot. It's doubled in size. We accepted a lower return on capital from the auto insurance business at Esurance during that growth than we did from the Allstate brand, because we wanted to lean into the growth as you point out. But it was always above our cost of capital. So, we're always like, okay, as Matt, Don and I always talk about -- we're like "okay, we'll take a lower return, but it's got to be above what our cost is, because we should be creating shareholder value as we grow." That continues to be the case. We continue to write it above our cost of capital as we look at the vintage years of each of the products. That said, when we ran into the increase in frequency and severity that impacted all of the brands, we chose to slow growth some, because we don't want to write it at below the cost of capital. We've now got our pricing position in a better place. So, I do expect that we'll begin to grow that business again like we'll grow our other businesses. But I don't feel like we're at the place right now where we should throw hundreds of millions of dollars of marketing money at growth there. In part because, while we've dramatically improved the brand, we still need to get our consideration and awareness up. And that takes a number of years to invest in that. So, we like what we got. It's been growing. I think it can be – it certainly has broadened our strategic platform and gave us a broader set of capabilities to compete in the market with. But, it's not to the point where I feel like we should run hundreds of millions of dollars of underwriting losses. That said, we don't really manage them to the P&L. We manage them to the economics, and because we're big enough, we can take the underwriting losses from that business, if we believe it's economic.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah, Sarah. Obviously, we can't give you a forecast for the fourth quarter because we don't do those forecasts. But I would go off a little bit and just say, we're extremely comfortable with 88 to 90 underlying combined ratio being the range we're going to be in, obviously, because we're at 88 flat for first three quarters. What we'll do is in February, when we announce the full-year results, we'll give you a new outlook for next year.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I mean, any indication – we have no indication we plan to share publicly. We obviously are active out there. We have playing people on the ground doing a bunch of work, Matt said, a bunch of people doing stuff. But we have, as you know, we have a normal monthly cat release where we have catastrophes over $150 million in a quarter, we disclose it to you all. That is – when is that? It's in two weeks on a Thursday. So – and because that was an October storm, it would fall into that. So, you should have some indication of what the number would be, if we do a release in two weeks.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, first, that's the $100 per share question. As I maybe answer it – and Matt will have some – I'll give you part of my view and Matt will share with you his. First, we don't really just target the underlying, we target the reported. So, we believe as printed is what you need to shoot for. There's nothing that I see in the value we provide to consumers or in a competitive space that would tell me that we couldn't earn the kind of returns in the auto business that we have earned historically. Nothing has changed in terms of our skills and capabilities other than we've gotten better. So, I think we should be able to earn the kind of economic returns we earned in the past. Matt, you might want to make a comment about target combined ratios.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Kai, I think what Matt said was here's – let me – one more layer of detail on that. Until we know what frequency and severity is in the future, we can't really determine when we'll be changing our pricing, right? So, if frequency and severity keeps going up, we'll have to continue to raise our prices, so our customers pay for an appropriate amount of money for both the cost we have and the returns we should get, given our skills, capabilities and the capital we put at risk. To the extent that frequency and severity level out, and we got back to the kind of returns Matt was talking about, then you would see it come down. But, it's really – until you can predict frequency and severity, you can't really predict future price increases.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Thank you, Greg. We're excited as well. We decided not to play "Go Cubs Go" at the beginning of the call, but there was some pressure to do so.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Right, that's sort of two questions, and I think there's – I want to make sure we're clear on our philosophy on expenses. So, I think some people, as we've gone through this increase in frequency and severity that Matt was talking about, look at the reduction of expenses. So, we just cut expenses so we could make our number. That's not the case. Our philosophy on expenses is not let's do a target P&L number. First, don't spend it if your customers don't want it. Do spend it if your customers do want it. Secondly, Matt talked about this integrated basis. If you're advertising your agencies aren't ready or your competitive position is not right, and it doesn't really make any sense. We really do run it on an integrated basis. And then we also invest for the long-term. So I don't want to – in 2011, you remember, I think, (41:58) if we may have been $750 million or something like that in net income and we didn't back off a wit on our advertising expense, because we knew we needed to do that to stay competitive for the long-term. So, we will always have things, whether it's advertising, technology, investing, so we try to manage it really on the long-term economics that Matt was talking about. So, it's our philosophy, sometimes when I read some of the reports that have come out, it feels like people think we've got this, you know, we're managing just to get the P&L number and that's not the way to run a business, except we can cut our costs. Matt's got a big program going on a continuous improvement, we're reducing our costs as aggressively as we can, except we need to use that money to invest in something else, we will, because we think it makes sense for us.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Sure. I'll go up for a second and then I'll come down very quickly to Arity. We think the personal transportation industry is going to change dramatically and we think that's an opportunity for us to do more for our customers. As a reason, it will change dramatically, it's incredibly inefficient. So, we have about $4 trillion tied up in hardware called cars and trucks and stuff like that. We spend about $2 trillion a year in direct costs making that work. Capacity utilization is in the – even at peak hours is in the 30%, 34% range and there's one person in the car. A 20% improvement in the efficiency of that system would be a 5% increase in household income in America. We think that's going to happen. It's going to take a while to happen because it's an economically dispersed system. Nobody controls all of it, there's lots of different pieces to it. So, it's not just the autonomous car, it's shared vehicle, it's machine-to-machine communication, it's better stoplights. There's a whole bunch of stuff that's going to change in that system. Arity is one of our efforts to take advantage of that. So, Arity is outside the insurance company. It provides services to Allstate and Esurance. These services that the insurance companies get from it, first it gives them the ability to do a more accurate price for our customers, because we know exactly how they drive, where they drive, and when they drive. But, we have a different model than others, we've taken it beyond pricing to include things like improving the driving experience. So adding applications on to our continuous connection to help those customers have a better driving experience, and then also to use that technology for other things. So, there's many other uses, many other ways that value could be created by cars being connected. We can share that value with customers. We can use that value to reduce costs for other people and capture those costs. So, there's really a three-part focus. Better pricing, better services, and additional ways to use a connected car. So Arity is pursuing all three of those. It will do that for our insurance companies, we'll do it for non-insurance companies, and we will also do it for other insurance companies as well. So we think it's a platform where we will all be stronger because we are together without giving up our competitive ability to price with our own data in the marketplace.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Ryan, it's Tom. Let me – maybe one other additional angle on it. We're always trying to get better, right? And you see that show up. As Matt points out, I think splitting in those two categories is absolutely right. You will see to the extent – the way we do our reserving, when we – if we see it, we book it. And we don't – but we have to see it. So, as Matt points out, you do see it in PD earlier. So, those claims tend to get resolved in about 90 days. To an extent, we're getting better. And to your extent, you would see it in this stuff. On the BI basis, that takes several years to really get your arms around it. So that tends to be – it takes much longer to settle those cases. So, whatever we've done in opening practices, as Matt points out, is reflected in our loss costs. And if you look at our reserving practices over a 10 year or 20 year period, we have pretty consistent ability to accurately predict what losses are.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Ryan, Matt will give you a specific answer to your question, but I would say we don't want to lose any customers. We just want to get the right price for them.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Josh, it's Tom. We have a really sophisticated set of processes the way we estimate loss ratio. So, as Matt mentioned, we start with the actual number of claims that get reported. We then go through and say how many are paid, how many are not paid. We do it by state, we do it by risk class, we do it by coverage. We have a whole variety of statistical methods we use to determine what those trend lines look like and where it goes. We do it by year. We do it – I mean we slice and dice this every way. So, the answer is, we feel very good about the way in which we do it. It's accurate. And I would just say, there's obviously, as you point out, some volatility and some risk. But we try to mitigate that by being thorough. And so, the statistics you see on the bottom of that page are just one of many, many, many statistics we use to determine it. So, we think we're accurate and we'll just continue to adjust it as we go forward, whether that's up or down.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I think that's accurate. Yeah. And there are times when I'm sad that we give you that information, because we do try to be complete transparency, but hopefully it doesn't lead to misinformation as opposed to it's just one of many statistics.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, I can't tell you what to assume going forward, because we think with the reserves we have up now are accurate for what we will pay out in the future on a discounted basis. So that's...
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, we have two kinds of exposure. We have some indirect, as you point out, which is – we did reinsurance with other people. We also have some direct exposure. We spend a fair amount of time and the businesses aggressively manage both in terms of the data we have, they collect the information on policies, what we fight on go into (58:14) arbitration. As you know, we have written this stuff now, been 30 years or something, since 1986, 30 years. So, and when we've had our claim practices, our reserving practices benchmarked for their accuracy and effectiveness, we always get high marks on that. So we think we're as good as, in fact, better than the average in industry. You can decide what (58:42). If you look at our history, you would see that occasionally, we do have to put up – we do look at it in some level of detail every year. I would point out I think the IBNR is like 56% to 60%.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: 58%, so the incurred but not reported is more than half of the amount that we have up. So, while not a completely accurate statistic, the survival ratio is double-digit in years, depending on that coverage and stuff like that, but it's over 10 years or most of the policies – most of the coverages. So we feel, you know, it's out there. It's the gift that keeps giving. I can tell you that we used – environmental used to be much higher and it came way down and asbestos went up. So, because this stuff has been out there for so long and it's likely to be out there for so long. Some of the other trends that are not predictable show up. So, people back off on environmental cleanups and the environmental stuff goes down. If asbestos, they find a new way to go after the sons and daughters of the people who are impacted by asbestos and say they got it by their parents coming home with asbestos on their clothes, that's a new litigation wave and then it goes up. But, we think it's about right and it's not a huge portion of our liabilities on the balance sheet.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Let me see if I can answer your question succinctly. First, it is making a difference for those companies that have it. It's making a difference for us. I don't think that that overrides the overall industry impact of higher frequency and severity. So, I don't think that Telematics will enable you to get around the fact that there are just more miles driven and people get in more accidents when they drive more. So, I don't think that's an answer for why some people's combined ratio did not appear to have moved as much as others. I can only answer what they do. I do think that it is an opportunity for us to further do more sophisticated pricing, for other people to do more sophisticated pricing. If you look back over a long period of time, when we first moved into credit, first moved into more algorithmic pricing for auto insurance has led to more stability in over our returns for the industry. So, I would just point out the fact that many people today are moving their pricing with respect to frequency and severity, because they have the analytics to know it. And so, I think in the long-term, it's just good for stability and lower volatility and auto insurance profitability.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Let me just close by thanking you all – saying looking forward, we're going to stay focused on our five operating priorities. We try to balance long-term and short-term priorities in a way that enables us to build a sustainable business model that creates values for our customers, our shareholders and all of our stakeholders. So, thank you. And we'll talk to you in the fourth quarter.
