Thomas Wilson: Good morning. Thank you for joining us from wherever you are sheltered in place. Let's jump right in with Allstate's response to the coronavirus pandemic on Slide 2.  Allstate has been helping customers overcome catastrophes for 89 years, and we've learned to act decisively, quickly and put customers first. As a result, we've led the industry in helping customers. We created a Shelter-in-Place Payback program of more than $600 million. Special payment plans are being used for customers experiencing financial challenges. Auto insurance coverage was expanded to cover the use of personal vehicles to deliver food, medicine and other goods for commercial purposes. Allstate Identity Protection is being offered for free for the rest of the year to all U.S. residents, given the increased exposure to cybercrime.  Business continuity plans were executed. Virtual sales and support capabilities were expanded. We leveraged our digital innovations, such as QuickFoto Claim and Virtual Assist, to better protect our customers, employees and agents.  Employees and Allstate agents moved to more than 95% working remotely, and we altered a number of business practices to support our agents and employees. At the same time, Allstate is financially strong with significant capital and liquidity. In February, we reduced our public equity holdings by $4 billion to reduce the amount of economic capital back in the investment portfolio. But this turned out to be good timing because it enabled us to reduce the impact of the market downturn in March. And as Mario will cover later, we will maintain our share repurchase program given the strong capital position.  For our communities, the Allstate Foundation announced an additional $5 million. That's on top of the money we normally grant every year, which is substantial to help deal with the pandemic and double demand for Allstate employees' need. Move to Slide 3. Let's touch base with Allstate's strategy. As you know, our strategy has two components: increase personal Property-Liability market share and expand into other protection businesses. This 2-part strategy leads to our 5 annual operating priorities, which is shown on the right side of this page, and we made good progress around all five.  If you move to Slide 4, Allstate had strong operating and financial results in the first quarter. Total revenues of $10.1 billion declined 8.3% for the prior year quarter due to capital losses instead of capital gains in the prior year. If you exclude the impact of the realized capital losses, revenues increased 2%, driven by a 4.4% increase in Property-Liability insurance premiums, which you can see from the table.  Net income of $513 million declined to the prior year quarter's increased underwriting income, was more than offset by capital losses and charges for pension and postretirement benefits. Adjusted net income, shown in the middle of the table, was $1.1 billion in the quarter or $3.54 per diluted share, which was significantly above the prior year, reflecting lower catastrophe losses. Returns were excellent with adjusted net income return on equity improving to 18.2%.  Mario will now discuss the first quarter results in more detail.
Thomas Wilson: Thank you, Glenn. To move to Slide 13, we want to discuss how we've moved past the emergency of moving people to work from home to the immediate of creating a Shelter-in-Place Payback to implementing intermediate-term actions. In this type of environment, you obviously have to look where you step, but you also have to decide where you want to walk. And as we look into the future, there's not that much clarity, right? Who will move back into offices? Will as many people still need to commute to work? What happens to the investment market? And of course, the answer is nobody knows. There are so many possibilities you can get frozen into inaction. So we used scenario planning to see what the future path look like under alternative assumptions.  This came out of Royal Dutch Shell in the '70s, and it works kind of like this. You find 2 things that will be the primary drivers of change. In this case, we selected the length and depth of the health crisis, which is shown at the top of the box on the bottom of that page, and the severity of the economic downturn from disruptive to severe, which is shown on the vertical axis. You then create 4 scenarios to represent a range of possible outcomes.  As you can see from the slide, the best case in the upper right, we've labeled sigh of relief. The health care crisis is over relatively quickly and the economy is disrupted, but government support enables us to bounce back with them. In the worst case, in the lower right, is distracted by the virus. It reflects a significant health impact with repeated lockdowns over the next couple of years. The decline in GDP is greater than the Great Depression, but it doesn't last as long because of the government fiscal monetary action.  For each scenario then, we look at a range of outcomes, including consumer behavior, auto insurance accidents and investment returns. This helps us decide what actions we should do, even though we do not know what the ultimate outcome will be. It also helps inform what not to do. And it enables us to establish road signs for each scenario, which improves our ability to forecast the direction we're headed. There are, of course, similar consequences in the scenarios, which help determine what actions to take, which is shown on Slide 14.  In many of the outcomes, revenue growth is constrained because of fewer auto accidents, deteriorating incomes, increased unemployment or lower interest rates. As a result, we are accelerating our Transformative Growth Plan, which will improve customer value with increased utilization of new technologies, lower costs in new auto insurance products. And as you know well, the investment markets will be more volatile in many of these scenarios.  As a result, we're evaluating our strategic asset allocation. Many of us have found that we can adopt new technologies pretty quickly. Like who knew you can have so many Zoom or Teams or Skype meetings in one day? As a result, we're going to maintain a strong commitment to telematics and expanding the Integrated Digital Enterprise. Consumer behavior is also likely to change to focus on the quality and breadth of their protection. And this is where Allstate is headed, with the second part of our strategy, is to provide a broader array of protection offerings from auto insurance to include things like your phone and your identity.  Now we'll open the line for questions.
Thomas Wilson: Thanks, Paul. Obviously, it's a multifaceted program, right? The idea is to increase customer access. And that was putting together the -- using the Esurance capabilities on direct under the Allstate brand to expand there. It's to reduce our cost structure, and it's to use technology to enable us to launch new products and lower our cost structure. So the -- Glenn can talk about the progress on Esurance and the Allstate brand, and that's been great. And we're headed down the path to have start operating under the Allstate brand on a direct basis this year.  On the cost reduction, it will accelerate some of the stuff we do on cost reduction, and it will also accelerate some of the work we're doing on building new technologies, particularly as it looks things like Milewise and Drivewise. Before, when you sold insurance by the mile, we're, I think, one of the few large companies that do that. The people didn't really know what it's about today with Shelter-in-Place Payback from us or the actions of our competitors. People are paying attention now and saying, "Oh, maybe I do want to pay by the mile." So we will push harder on the new product efforts as well.  Glenn, do you want to pick up the Esurance and Allstate brand part? And maybe talk as well about the Esurance growth in the first quarter since that may be on people's mind as it relates to transformative growth.
Thomas Wilson: So what we try to do is manage it down, but not do it stupidly, right? So like, as Glenn mentioned, we have to reposition the Allstate brand to go even more aggressive into driving the direct growth. And that's going to cost some money. So we'll do what we think is economic for shareholders. And then we think if we do it on an upfront, it works out so we achieve our overall objective.
Thomas Wilson: Let me have Don answer about the Services Business, particularly Allstate Protection plans, which, as you saw, is just continuing to grow incredibly rapidly. And I hate for that story to get lost amongst the coronavirus part. And then I would just -- I think I could summarize it to say, in Life, that we haven't had much growth there in the last couple of years, and we're really trying to still reboot that growth strategy. Don, do you want to...
Thomas Wilson: Sure. Let me jump at that, Jimmy. First, on the -- I should also point out on more longitudinal perspective, Allstate Protection Plans now has over 100 million policies in force. Don, I think it was about 30-plus million when we bought it, right? 30 million plus.
Thomas Wilson: So it's had a tremendous run not to be swept under the carpet. It's really a great team. As it relates to annuities, it's a huge drag on our ROE because we -- as I mentioned earlier, we have a lot of equities behind that portfolio because we believe that's the right thing to do. So our 18.2% includes a large drag on it from the annuities. If we could find a way to eliminate that drag, we would do so. But we only want to do it with some place where our customers will be well taken care of because this is largely written on our paper. And we don't want to give somebody a whole bunch of investments and say, "Good luck, and we hope you pay the people off when you get there." And they do something stupid.  So we are managing it well as it is today. Either we will find a solution, that could be a reinsurance solution, it could be a sale, it could be we just keep it, we run it differently. In any event, it will go away in terms of its drag on ROE when the new long-dated accounting -- long-dated annuity accounting comes in place where you'll have to mark that to market. We don't -- we think that, that accounting is a little rough. On the other end, it will eliminate the drag on overall ROE.
Thomas Wilson: Okay. Thank you all. Allstate is in a strong position. We know how to protect our customers from life's uncertainties, and we'll continue to do that as we navigate through this crisis. So thank you for participating, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Glenn Shapiro: Thanks, Mario, and good morning, everyone. Let's go to Slide 11, which looks at the potential impacts of coronavirus on auto insurance. Profit has been, and will be, impacted by a reduction in miles driven, which will lower overall loss costs. While this has been significant, it will decline over time as the economy begins to reopen, and there are several offsets.  First, the reduction of drivers on the road has increased driving speeds, which can lead to increased severity per claim. We'll also likely incur additional bad debt from some customers who have chosen to take extended payment terms. On a longer-term basis, if the global auto parts supply chain is disrupted or parts prices are raised by auto manufacturers, this could increase repair costs. The pandemic and economic slowdown will also impact growth. If loss costs continue to be below prior year, the lower required rate increases will limit average premium growth.  On the positive side, the Shelter-in-Place payment could have a favorable impact on retention. The impact on new business is unclear since reduced vehicle sales can lower new business, but economic conditions may increase shopping levels. And we've seen an increased customer interest in telematics, and we're well positioned with both Drivewise and Milewise, the latter of which charges customers' insurance by mile. Getting ahead of these trends will be important to grow profitably as we continue to manage profitability and competitive position on a market-by-market basis and will enable us to be precise in our responses.  Let's now move to Slide 12. As a customer of Arity, we have access not only to our data, but insights from a much broader data set, some of which is shown on this slide. Telematics-based pricing allows you to factor in things like how much someone drives, where they drive and how they drive. Our telematics products enable us to do that for individual customers, which when combined with a broader set of data, enables us to make better judgments market by market.  For example, based on 3.5 billion trips from February through April, the upper-left graph shows that miles driven declined sharply in mid-March and then began a slow increase since then. You can also see that those states that had stay-at-home orders had a bigger decline in driving. In the upper right, you can see there's also a difference between rural areas at the top of the chart, which declined by about 20%, and urban areas at the bottom, which declined by about 50%. The bottom-left graph shows that while some drivers are not driving at all, those are the bars to the left, about 20% of drivers are actually driving more than they did before mid-March.  Arity also provides a Drivesight score, which is a measure of driving risk. The lower the score, the higher the risk. As you can see on the bottom right, the mean risk has increased despite fewer cars on the road, which correlates to the data that shows some drivers are driving faster. The net of all of this is that Allstate has the data and business processes to proactively adjust to a changing operating environment.  I'll now pass it back to Tom.
Glenn Shapiro: Not too much. I think, Tom -- as Tom said, you've got some unknowns in there, which would include, if you go on the other side of it, some pent-up demand. If you think about people who postponed trips, who postponed visiting relatives and want to catch up on it, so you could have some sort of fits and starts with some of the long-lasting, as Tom described, downward pressure on driving and, therefore, frequency, but also some potential short-term bubbles where people want to get out there because they're a little bit stir-crazy.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. Greg, thanks for the question. In terms of the LSP count and agent count, you hit on part of it in your question with integrated service. When you look at licensed sales professionals, and in spite of the word sales being the operative word there, they spend only about 40% of their time on sales, about 60% on service. That's been a historic number.  And one of the things we're committed to is taking a lot of the transactional work out, both through self-service capabilities as well as integrated service, over time, so that they're increasing that percentage of time they're selling and not having to do as much of that transactional work. So we'll probably see that change over time. And that's really part of our overall transformative growth work that we're doing.  And in terms of the agency count, we're really focused on growth and growing with quality in terms of the agency force. So coming into this year, I think everybody knew we changed compensation a little bit, where we moved variable compensation from renewal to new, part of it. And we also increased expectations for production on our agency force because we really want to grow with those agents that are looking to invest and grow in their business.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So I'll start with the Esurance growth piece, and then I'll go into the -- what we're doing as far as the transformation. Because really transformative growth and the brand changes had nothing to do with the growth in the first quarter. It was actually a 3-part story. Esurance was having increased loss trends in the latter part of last year. We needed to take some pricing and underwriting actions. We did, which is good, because we've gotten the profitability in line as a result. But what typically happens with that is you take a little bit of a hit on your retention and your new business as that happens. And that was happening towards the very end of the year and into January.  Now once those prices have worked their way through, we actually reinvested some marketing. We were doing pretty well in February and early March when quoting kind of fell off the table in the middle of March. So you have these sort of 3 windows to like a slow start in January, some really nice momentum in February, early March, and then everything fell off the table there for a few weeks.  Fortunately, as we've seen from external indices, shopping has returned and is expected to actually accelerate going forward. So we've got some good optimism there as to how it moves forward in terms of Esurance growth.  In terms of transformative growth and where we're going, Jonathan Adkisson, who's the President of Esurance and took over now as our head of the direct business, has been working with both teams and bringing it together in such a way that we increase or improve our sales process under the Allstate brand. We improve our online quote flow. And so those are already in process and happening on a day-by-day basis. It's a continuous improvement effort. What is still to come is our pivot on branding and how we invest in marketing for the Allstate brand to go to market as both a direct and agency-driven brand as well as our work with online leads.
Glenn Shapiro: Sure. Retention, I would say no. Retention really -- there's no impact yet from coronavirus because it's kind of a lagging metric. It includes midterm cancellations that you're measuring at the point of when they would have renewed.  So to the extent that we see impact, whether favorable or unfavorable from coronavirus, I think we'll see that on a go-forward basis from a retention standpoint. We still are in a pretty good space from a retention standpoint. We're down year-over-year, but off of a fairly high watermark, still running 88% retention in auto and feel fairly good about where we are. And we continue to work hard to do well for our customers. I think our response to coronavirus and the multiple areas that we were very quick to respond for customers can and, hopefully should, help us from a retention standpoint, and it's something we continue to work at.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. What I would say is we're clearly going to be in a very benign rate environment. That might be an understatement, and -- for some period of time. What I haven't seen is, in the competitive environment, anybody making a more durable or permanent change to their premiums, meaning a rate reduction that is over a permanent price filing for rate reduction. Because I think, like us, I'm sure others see that like this came on fast. Like I don't think anybody predicted that when we came into this year, we were going to have an event that would drive mileage down by 50% or whatever the numbers are by state. And it can go away fast, too.  So I think everybody's looking at this, I know we are, from the standpoint of how do we react in real time, make good decisions, doing the right thing by market with precision, as Tom said, with our customers in mind, but not do anything that we then have to rebound on. And it wouldn't be good for anybody to overplay it a hand and then have to go take rate increases afterwards. So I think what you're going to see is a very benign, flat rate environment as opposed to a negative one.
Glenn Shapiro: All right. Thanks, Yaron. First of all, when you think about the impacts of coronavirus, I think it's important, there's all different types of businesses that have to close down all the way up through businesses that actually benefit because they're in the type of business that wins in this type of new environment. The agents kind of fall in the middle of that because if you think about their revenue stream, it is still significantly renewal compensation. Our total compensation to the agency force, and if you break down to any individual agent, will range somewhere between 90% and 100% or, in some cases, even above 100%. Some are growing more post middle of March versus before. So the core of their income remains. So you've got that piece.  In terms of how it impacts their business, I think that, that will be something to watch and something to see. I agree that people will be looking for value as they go forward. But I also think our agents have really been able to show their value in this process. I don't think there's another time in our company history where I could make the following statement. Over the course of the last 6 weeks, almost all of our agents have called almost all of their customers. So you've got this really unique period of time where, a, people are more available to be reached; b, they have more questions, and they really want to hear from their trusted adviser; and c, our folks are just committed to that because of a national crisis.  And so I think that there's this moment in time where at least some portion of our customer base will really see the value of what they've gotten out of their agency relationship and having a trusted adviser. That said, everything Mario and Tom and others have talked about on this call about transformative growth is, we've got to keep taking costs out of our system and be a more affordable and more competitive value for consumers going forward, which is why we're accelerating the Transformative Growth Plan.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So we're in 16 states and moving as quickly as we can on it. Certainly, the pandemic has shown a light on the value of a pay-per-mile product, and we're seeing a nice uptick in the demand for it. You see kind of 2 effects in the public right now. One is just the acceptance of the notion that telematics is going up as a result of all of this, and two is actually the over-demand for something like Milewise is going up. We have some states up 30% in terms of their sales since the middle of March and seeing double-digit percentages regularly on a week-by-week basis of the new business being sold in Milewise versus other products. So we think it's a great opportunity. It will absolutely be part of our filings that we're doing broadly across the country to try to expand and do more for consumers as a result of the pandemic.
Mario Rizzo: Sure. Elyse, thanks for the questions. So I think the place I'd start, Elyse, is we feel really good about our capital and liquidity position, $3.4 billion of holding company assets, $8.8 billion of readily available liquidity, $3.7 billion of dividend capacity out of our insurance companies into the holding company for the year. And our businesses are performing really well. So I think I'd say we expect to complete the program by the end of next year just like our Board authorized. And we've got a lot of flexibility in terms of how we execute it, but we would expect to just continue to buy back shares over that time period.
Mario Rizzo: Yes, sure. So when you look at the expense ratio in the quarter, you saw a 1 point sequential decline year-over-year in the expense ratio. And first thing I'd say is, reducing our cost continues to be a core part of our transformative growth strategy. And when you kind of deconstruct where the improvement came from, it's about 50-50, not quite between acquisition costs and operating costs.  And obviously, those are two core parts of our cost structure, and we saw improvement in both. And we're going to continue to be focused on reducing those costs going forward to enhance our competitive position to still take growth and be a core part of transformative growth for us.  We're also going to continue to invest in the things we need to invest in for transformative growth, things like technology and marketing. But we're focused going forward on continuing to reduce costs over time. I'll turn it over to Glenn to talk a little bit about the agency part of it.
Mario Rizzo: Sure. So Greg, I guess where I'd start is, as we've said in the past, generally, we record performance-based income on a 1-quarter lag based on the partner financial statements as of the prior quarter end. So for example, in the first quarter, we would have relied on year-end partner financial statements. And that's typically how we would approach the accounting.  However, our accounting policy does require that when a material market event occurs, and we have information available to make informed estimates, that we need to take that information into account. And that's what we did this quarter. So we made the two adjustments, the -- marking the public equity holdings in some of the partnership holdings to March 31 levels, and then suppressing the increases in unrealized valuation on securities that were reflected in the year-end financial statement. We did that because that's part of the accounting policy because there was a material market event in the quarter.  The other piece was the -- just our normal watchlist process where we go through every holding. And to the extent we believe we need to impair a holding, we do that. And that was worth $137 million in the quarter on four specific holdings. So absent another market disruption event, let's say, hopefully, we avoid one this quarter, we'll go back to what our typical process would be. But because there was this disruption event in the first quarter, our policy required that if we had additional information that we could make good estimates based on, we should do that. And that's exactly what we did.
Mario Rizzo: Sure. Again, what I'd say is I'd reiterate. Look, a core part of our strategy is to continue to look to take costs out of the system and the general downward view of our expense ratio to improve competitive position.  Having said that, you did say, you articulated a couple of the items that are going to cause some choppiness in that. Number one is the outlook on revenue, which there's uncertainty around that, but also, we're going to continue to make investments in things, like I said, technology and marketing. So I guess what I'd say is, look, our focus is still on reducing costs and driving the expense ratio down over time.  I'm not going to sit here today and give you an exact trajectory of what that's going to look like. But strategically, that continues to be a core part of what we're trying to do.
Mario Rizzo: Sure. So on -- with respect to the SIPP payment, we saw we recorded a portion of it in the first quarter. The balance will be recorded in the second quarter. So that one's pretty straightforward. That will happen. When we kind of decided on the SIPP payment, one of the things we explicitly factored in was the potential for bad debt expense associated with the special payment plan that we're allowing our customers to opt into. As we evaluated the number of customers that had opted into that as of the end of March, along with our historical bad debt experience, the impact in the first quarter from a bad debt perspective was pretty immaterial. Obviously, we will look at the number of customers that have signed up as well as the exposure going forward. And we'll take that into account in the second quarter in terms of establishing bad debt prospectively. But first quarter was reasonably immaterial. Second quarter, we'll take a look at the analysis. We'll update it appropriately, and then we'll record something incremental in the second quarter.
