Tom Wilson: Good morning. Thank you for joining us this day on Allstate. So let's start on slide 2 of its Allstate's strategy and our second quarter highlights. So our purpose is to protect people from life's uncertainties and to be a positive personal good. And as you know, our strategy has two components: increase personal proper liability and market share and expand into other protection businesses, which are shown in those two ovals. Richest Allstate brands, customers and capabilities to both of those components. This strategy is an adaption the coronavirus pandemic led to excellent operating in the second quarter, as shown on the right hand. The enterprise customer experience score increased as employees and agencies did an excellent job of working remote, and we benefited from leading on the shelter-in-place payback and helping customers in other ways. Profitability was good with adjusted net income of $2.46 per share. We also made progress at our multiyear transformative growth plan by leveraging the direct sales capabilities of Esurance and lowering expenses. Allstate Protection Plans, which, as you know, we acquired 3.5 years ago for $1.4 billion and high-growth and high returns, section plans [Technical Difficulty] at the end of 2017 and estimated adjusted net income of $35 million in the quarter and $69 million for the first six months of 2020. The performance-based core losses in the quarter reduced reported net investment income despite solid total loan growth. Our profitable growth it depends overall [Technical Difficulty]. We move to slide 3. I'll say quickly excellent operating results, total revenues of $11.2 billion increased 0.5% of the prior year for gain and growth in the property-liability premium earned were -- that more than offset the decline in investment income for performance-based losses. Net income of $1.2 billion increased 49% to the prior year quarter, as you can see from the middle of the table market value in just $380 million 2019, $2.46 per share, 12.8% of other than repurchase program. With adjusted net income mature line at 17.8%. [Technical Difficulty]
Tom Wilson: All right. Let me highlight what Glenn just said. So, transformative growth, so we're going to sell as much as we can through everybody as we can. So we want to have more Allstate agents. We want to have independent agents. We want to sell more. You will see, over time, some increases decreases and how much goes through each of those channels as we transition to or a profit model. So – and Glenn explained what we're doing on new business versus a retention. But we're really working on different ways we can get to customers. We may not need as much real estate in the future as we have today. That means local offices are different. So you'll see changes, and you're seeing some of that change now because we're not new Allstate agents at this point as we build out these new models. So it's really about very distribution force.
Tom Wilson: Mike, let me have Glenn answer that, but give you an overview first. In a time like this, where the numbers are changing rapidly in terms of the number of claims, they – the statistics in the method you use for any individual component of loss costs bounce around a lot. So it's – the best thing to do is to look at overall loss costs and say, are your loss costs still the right percentage of your premiums? We obviously have done attribution on severity, and Glenn can talk about that.
Tom Wilson: Let me provide just overview like why we talked about it, and then Don can talk about its future. So, when we bought it, one of the things we said was, we'll come back and talk to you about how we're doing every so often. And that's what we wanted to do here. And it's meeting and exceeding our expectations. I think there are a number of people. We're trying to understand why we were into that space, and you can see it's a huge growth. And we've had huge growth both domestically, and we're starting to get some good growth internationally. So, it was really about coming back to you and saying, we told you we'd come back, and here we are. And it happens to be a good news story, which Don can talk about.
Tom Wilson: And Paul, I would wrap that into just the overall pandemic impact, right? So we've obviously had lower frequency, which we've talked a lot about. This is another cost associated with the pandemic. And when we're thinking about what we're going to do in the future, we factor all this stuff in.
Tom Wilson: Yes. I would say transformative growth is about reducing expenses. In part, it's just one component, but it's about reducing expenses, so we can improve our customer value proposition with better prices, without impacting our margins. But it's going to bounce around a lot by quarter. You got advertising. We're going to have – we have new advertising. We're going to launch – you have some technology spend. But you should expect the overall trend going down. I don't think we could predict how much it will change by every quarter because – or set a target that way, because then it leaves unnatural consequences. So – but you should expect it to keep going down, yes.
Tom Wilson: Well, it's always hard to tell what customers will do. We've always found that precision works for us on the long term, and that those people who rush to grow and not have precision to it, end up having to fix it later. So if you look at homeowners, people trying to grow in homeowners are taking huge losses. Like, we just don't think that's the right way to build the business, because you get the customer for a price that's not appropriate, and then you either have to lose them or manage them to a much higher price. So, all I can say is, what we'll do. But it's a reasonably – it's a highly competitive market, but it's a thoughtful market, right? Like people are not crazy in this market and trying to use bad economics. So all of our major competitors understand their business well and why they might make different bets at different times. I feel like, the basis of competition is still going to stay the same. Whoever is the smartest, win.
Tom Wilson: What, I would say is, we don't own it yet. So our projections haven't really changed. We do have cost saves in the middle of it that we figured out in terms of what we factored in when we bought – when we agreed to pay the price we did. And it did lead to accretion, as you point out. But right now, we're working on -- Glenn and Barry are working hard on what is the transition program. So as we get more specifics on things that we can lay out for you that are, here's our measurable goals, we'll do that. But, right now, we're just like a month into it.
Tom Wilson: And Ryan – and Glenn's example also is goes for rural and urban too, right? So think of the same thing, not just time and day also. So Montana, the frequency is not down as much as it is in urban areas because there's fewer people. There's always less congestion. So it is a difficult question. But the good news is we're on top of it. I know you all have another call. Thank you for participating and listening to our story. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Glenn Shapiro: Thanks, Tom. Let's go to slide 4, where we'll discuss the strong performance of our Property-Liability segment. Premium and policy growth continued with excellent recorded and underlying profitability. Policies in force were $33.8 million at the end of the quarter, and Allstate brand policies reaching an all-time high for auto at $20.5 million. Underwriting income of $904 million increased by $537 million compared to the prior year quarter. The chart on the lower left shows the second quarter combined ratio of 89.8% and the impacts driving the 6-point improvement over the prior year quarter. Starting on the left the underlying loss ratio improved by 15.9 points on lower auto insurance losses from fewer accidents, due to significant reduction in miles driven. The underlying loss ratio on homeowners insurance also improved due to increased premiums and lower non-catastrophe losses. The underlying loss ratio improvements were partially offset by Allstate's efforts to help customers during the pandemic. This included the 15% shelter in place payback on auto, which totaled 8.3% of premiums across all lines of on business, plus a 0.5% of premiums from increased bad debt expense, due to billing flexibility related to the Allstate special payment plan. The chart on the right breaks down the expense ratio components. The expense ratio was 23.0 and improved 0.5 point compared to the prior year quarter, excluding the $738 million shelter-in-place payback and bad debt expenses in the quarter. As you know, one portion of our transformative growth plan is to deliver better value to customers, in part by reducing operating expenses. While expenses vary by quarter, as you can see from this quarter, the long-term trend has been down as you look at the adjusted numbers, which are 2.1 points below 2018 expense ration. So let's now move to slide 5 and discuss transformative growth in more detail. The transformative growth plan will accelerate growth through three key levers: expanding customer access, enhancing customer value and investing in technology and marketing. We're expanding customer access and increasing product availability by leveraging Esurance's direct sales capabilities under the Allstate brand. The Esurance brand will be sunset over time, and the advertising spend will be concentrated on the Allstate brand. This also includes improving online and call center sales flows. We're enhancing customer value through continued cost structure improvements, which will make prices more competitive without reducing underwriting margins. We recently announced changes in the personal Property-Liability organization, which included combining our direct operations as well as consolidating Allstate brand field operations to further lower costs. To improve customer value, we're also expanding telematics offerings and promoting our unique Milewise pay-by-mile product, which is appealing to customers right now as they're driving less during the pandemic. The third component is investing in technology and marketing. Technology investments are improving our customer experience, including the recent launch of Allstate One app that simplifies and combines digital access and telematics offerings in one place. Launching the transformative growth plan also enhances our ability to adapt to a post coronavirus operating environment. We'll have lower cost structure and more competitive prices. We're also building the capacity to invest in new products, marketing and technology while maintaining strong margins. The new technology platform will allow us to be more connected with customers and give us greater flexibility to change products and processes going forward. Now, I'll turn it over to Mario to discuss the rest of our second quarter results.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So I'll jump in and take that one. This is Glenn, but thanks for the question, Yaron. I think, first of all, we're seeing – there's one competitor that took some meaningful action more broadly. I don't think we're seeing a huge rush in direction, for one. Our competitors have been aggressive. And it's a competitive environment, but not irrational. And the second point I'd make is we manage this on a local level. And I know I'm a broken record, I say this every quarter when we talk about how we manage the – both the margins and our pricing. Over the course of the last 60 days, this could look like, with our flat rate environment, that our product people have just sort of been hanging around and waiting for something. We've actually made 180 filings over the last over the last two months. And what we do is we're constantly, in each state and each market, looking at how we pull and push levers to be competitive in the environment. It's why we saw sequential growth. And we've continued to grow in spite of a tough environment. And those filings were things like, making new business more competitive, making our telematics offering more competitive with some incentives in that area and across all 50 states, pulling different levers like that. So I would say that, while we don't favor, as you said, sort of a broad base like we're just going to cut X amount everywhere. We do favor being very surgical, very detailed and very thoughtful about how we manage our competitive position and our margin in each market. And I think you know from over time that we react quickly, whether it was the frequency spike back in 2015, or it's the frequency decline now of 2020 that we move really quickly on these things, and we have a very responsive system. And we react market-by-market and make sure that we return a very good return to our shareholders. But at the same time, we stay competitive and we're able to grow profitably.
Glenn Shapiro: So, this is Glenn. Thanks, Elyse. I'll take that as well. I think what we're looking at now, and as I mentioned in the last question to Yaron, we're looking at sustainable and more sophisticated instruments. We're looking at how we get competitive with those as opposed to what I think was the right decision and a good way to go about it with the shelter-in-place payback at the moment. It needed a broad and blunt instrument because of the big move in frequency at that time. But when you wrap-in frequency and then the mix shift that moves severity and the expansion of coverage, the increase of bad debt because we get more flexible for customers in need, put all of those things together, I think the go-forward approach is going to be more in the lines of allowing our losses to flow into our rating as we always do, and to be more precise on a state-by-state and market-by-market basis versus a broad shelter-in-place payback. Things could change because depending on how the frequency and how the virus moves and all of that, but our thinking right now is to be more -- look at more sustainable tools than a shelter-in-place payback going forward.
Glenn Shapiro: Yeah. So I'll talk about the second quarter a little bit and to say, first of all, thanks for mentioning frequency and severity because they do tend to move in opposite directions with one another. And one thing, I'll just proactively address is that I know some of our competitors report a recorded number on severity. We report a paid number and paid calendar quarter is, I think, a more transparent and better metric to use in normal times, but we're in anything but normal times. So it's much, much more volatile and subject to mix shifts. So you'll see the number move more just because of the mix of what's being paid inside the quarter where you have fewer short-tail, small claims being paid in the period and everything, so that you'll see the two things move a little bit opposite one another. But what we saw throughout the quarter, and we did disclose that June was less of a difference in gross severity -- frequency, excuse me, than the other months in the quarter -- is that it has come down. It's starting to normalize in some places. There's a lot more variation by state early on like what we would see in April and May is that while there was some variation, pretty much all the states were down within a relatively close tolerance to one another. That has started to diverge more with a really rural state like Montana, for example, was actually up slightly in the year-over-year. And then you've got places that are more significantly down, particularly states that are more heavily concentrated with metro areas and that have had more spikes of the virus. So we're watching things on a very local level into how they're moving.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. Yes, absolutely. Thanks, Don. So yes, as Don said, I'm always -- I always preach that -- look at the long term and look at the reported combined on home. We've got year-to-date and 88.6% combined ratio recorded. Our 12 months is 83%, and our 5-year is 87%. So we've sustained that. I think, Greg, your point on the frequency is a tough one because it changes almost every quarter because the weather drives so much of it. So you'll have more caught up in catastrophes, and so it's sort of a lower underlying frequency, and then you'll have maybe a good weather quarter and you have few weather-driven and fewer cats. They move around a lot. What I would say recently, and this is probably an underreported part of the COVID impact, is that we've seen a shift in frequency severity on the home side because -- and it's pretty logical is we're seeing fewer like death claims and break-ins because everybody's home. And those tend to be lower severity claims, and yet we're seeing about the same number of fire points, and those tend to be higher severity claims. So we saw our frequency go down in the quarter. Our severity average go up because the ones that went away were smaller claims. And so we get into the details, and we look at all of those components, but I wouldn't necessarily draw a conclusion that there's something in home driving long-term frequency down that will be sustainable. I think it's been different factors each quarter.
Glenn Shapiro: Okay, great. So you're always into the detail, Greg. So you definitely picked up on the right trends there. We're focused on growing with agencies looking to invest, and this ties back to something Mario talked about the expenses. It's not that our acquisition costs have gone down because we don't want to grow and we don't want to invest in agents looking to grow. They've gone down because we've moved the money really in a way that incentivizes growth and it's more efficient to do it that way. So coming into this year, we moved some money that was incentivizing retention, and we moved it to incentivize new business. And -- or I should say renewal versus new business as opposed to retention because how it gets paid. That's one change. And that changed some agents, who wanted to invest in that way, and some that didn't and perhaps voted themselves out on that one. We also increased our baseline performance requirements for, I'll call it, our lowest producing agency and required that folks sort of be more open for business than they have been. And so that has driven the number down a little bit. And the other thing is integrated service, which you mentioned in the question. That number will start to look strange over time. We have about 500 agents in there right now. So those agents won't show staff members that are being augmented or provided by Allstate. And so it kind of moves the number to a different place because we don't report it in as part of the agency staff as licensed sales professionals because we're doing the work on the back end for them in those centers. So there's a number of pieces moving it. But I think the headline to take away is that we've grown in the agency plan. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we've all-time high in Allstate brand auto policies in force. So the agency force has grown, and we want to grow in all of our lines. We want to grow all state agents. We want to grow our independent agent channel, which is the pending acquisition that we've got with National general, and we want to grow in direct, which is the combination of Esurance and Allstate Direct.
Glenn Shapiro: Yeah. So it's a great question because, as Tom said, I mean, they do bounce around a lot. Overall, we feel very comfortable and confident with where we are on severity. PD severity, paid severity was reported at 20% up, which number jumps off the page. Let me give you just an example of why that is on a paid severity number like that. So paid severity is – as you'd expect, it's a number of claims you settled and closed during that calendar period divided by the total number of claims, and you get your average. Well, during the second quarter, we settled just as many six-month-old claims as we would in any normal quarter, because six months earlier, there was no COVID and there was no drop in frequency. We settled just as many five-month-old claims and four-month old-claims and three-month-old claims, but we settled a lot fewer three-day-old claims. And one-week-old claims, because they just weren't there. They weren't happening with the same frequency and as you'd expect, the claims you settle in three, four and five days are lower severity on average. They're quick. They're easy, and they're low cost. The ones that are six months are typically ones that have like they've gone through their own carrier. The segregation comes over from that carrier, they average a much higher severity type of claim, or they've been a total loss, and so they take longer to process and so on. So it's just a pure mix issue that drives that type of number. When we get down underneath that, and we're able to look at the things that come in, in the quarter and how they're resolving and are estimating practices and what the true severity looks like, it feels like normal inflation that we've seen in the single digits that we're very comfortable with. And the claims team has done and the finance team a terrific job of getting underneath the data so that we understand where and if we have any pressures, but we've seen it run very predictably.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. And it's a great question because, obviously, we think a lot about this. Let me take you into how the team works on this. And I'll go -- like Tom did, I'll go before even the virus. We had built out a model and assumptions for the change in frequency driven purely by the change in the car fleet out in the market. What does each component of ADAS, safety equipment on cars, what does each component do to change each type of loss, like how many fewer sideswipes or rear ends or intersection actions are we going to have based on the blind spot warning or based on this autonomous feature or so on? And you add those up and you apply them to your fleet and how the fleet is changing over time, and we actually -- we've built into the model, our assumptions were what changes. But at the same time, we built the other side of it, which is the severity. Because all those cars getting into fewer accidents are a heck of a lot more expensive to fix when they have all that equipment on it. And so it goes to what Tom said about, really, it's hard to predict, but we go after it and we look at with as much specificity as we can, the component parts. So now take that into the current scenario and the question you're asking. And we're looking at, so what percentage of the market works in jobs that don't have to commute? If you work in a restaurant or your dental hygienist or like -- but you're going to have to commute because those things cannot be done remotely. But there are a lot of jobs, most of us have jobs that can be done more remotely than they have been historically. So you get that percentage. And then you look at, well, what percentage of people will do it, and then what percentage of your accidents occur in like high drive time, and you start making your assumptions and picks over what's going to change. And similarly, that then changes severity because one of the things we've learned is that the losses that go away quickest are the bumper-to-bumper accidents in high traffic, and those tend to be low severity. So while a 10% decrease in frequency is great, it's not necessarily a 10% decrease in loss costs. And the reason I'm getting into or micro, since Tom took the macro on this and laid it out, is hopefully just to give you confidence that we look at this in a very detailed way and a thoughtful way, and our teams work through what the expectations are, and then we're able to move quickly on the fly when we're either above or below it with what our prediction is.
Glenn Shapiro: Thanks. So it's a good question. And you're right about the decoupling, so I'll give you a little background on that. Not all miles are created equal. If you're driving in a high-traffic environment, you are much more likely to get an accident because it's less forgiving. You take your eyes off the road. You're distracted driving, which, by the way, I don't recommend at any time. But if you're doing it in loose traffic and you make a mistake, you're less likely to bump into somebody than when you're doing it in high traffic. So what we're seeing is with commuting miles being way down, that has a little bit of an exponential effect on frequency. So if miles came back to a new normal for non-commuting, but were lower only on commuting, it would have a disproportionate effect on the frequency. So hopefully, that answers your question. It's – we're looking at the data in that way. And our – with the partnership with Arity and the partnerships they have with a lot of the non-insurance companies out there, and they get a lot of miles-driven data on those, and that what they do for us with our own data, is extremely helpful in that.
Mario Rizzo: Oh, you want me – okay. Thanks, Yaron. So, I guess, what I'd say is, as we've talked about transformative growth, I'll just remind you, there's three core elements, as Glenn talked about. There's expanding customer access, enhancing the customer value proposition and continuing to invest in technology and marketing to support the broader transformative growth program. And improving our cost structure is a key part of how we're going to achieve that second objective of enhancing customer value. We continue to make really good progress on this front. Our underwriting expense ratio, as you indicated, is down 0.5 point once you adjust out the coronavirus impacts to 23 in the quarter, and it's down eight-tenths of a point compared to last year. And when you look at where the improvement came from, it's in acquisition-related expenses and operating costs. And that's an area that, as we've talked about, those are two of the areas that we're obviously focused on taking cost out. So we've been at this now for over a year. And I'd say our cost reductions, again, are a core part of transformative growth. So I'd say that's really what we're focused on doing as part of the plan. And we're – we would expect to continue to take costs out over time. And we'll continue to look for ways to improve processes and enhance efficiency and through a variety of means that support the transformative growth program.
Mario Rizzo: Yeah. And, I guess, what I'd say, Yaron, is we're going to look to continue to drive cost out of the system. So I don't think – the expense ratio may bounce around a little bit going forward, as we invest in technology. You saw us – we invested more in marketing in the quarter. But I guess the way we're thinking about it is, our intent is to drive the expense ratio down over time, and that's what we're going to do.
Mario Rizzo: This is Mario. Glenn, can talk about the second quarter, but we're not going to talk about July trends at this point.
Mario Rizzo: Sure. Paul, this is Mario. So, just to give you a little context of the driver of bad debt, as we mentioned earlier, one of the ways that we provided additional benefits to our customers during the pandemic was to offer them the opportunity to opt into a special payment plan, which essentially gives them 60 days of coverage without having to make a payment on the policy. That started in March. And we've – as we've worked our way through the quarter, we've gotten more and more experience relative to how that subset of customers has performed and then the bad debt activity within that customer segment, because as much as we had historical context around offering similar-type programs during catastrophes, this was obviously much more widespread and different. And you see the impact in the quarter where bad debt was $44 million. We'll continue to get more and more experience on that customer set going forward. We'll continue to update our analysis, and then we'll update the numbers in the third quarter, if we need to. But based on the experience we've seen so far through the end of Q2, that's what we recorded in the P&L.
