Mario Rizzo: First, let me deal with the second question first, we're not going to give out a number for 2020, which goes to your first question. Which is when you look at this kind of like rolling three-year basis like over a three-year period cats go up and down, things go up and down and we should be able to earn 14% to 17% return. We got there by really looking at a couple of things versus what's the level of economic rent we can capture by how good we are in a market we operate in. And so as you know in the property liability business, we run a substantially more favorable combined ratio than the industry and that's for a substantial amount of economic return. We also look at it from what's the appropriate risks -- what's the appropriate return for the risks that our shareholders take, and we feel like 14% to 17% is a good goal for us to have over that three year basis. I don't think you should try to use this to decide what 2020 forecasts are, there’s lot of better ways to do a forecast. We're not going to break it out by component, because our goal here was to get up to the corporate level and say what are we doing in total, because with the underlying combined ratio, we basically zoomed ourselves in including you all into how well was auto insurance doing that we’ve neglected to focus on the other opportunities to do. Obviously, the 14% to 17% includes a whole bunch of components. So the annuities, as we’ve talked about before, are a large drag on that. So if you were to intuit between the 300%-plus drag that has on ROE to the other businesses, you would say the other businesses are higher return. And of course, most of that is property liability but that will change over time. Obviously, the acquisitions, like purchase of Allstate protection plans, obviously, that business is doing extremely well from our standpoint is well above its acquisition targets, but it does put a drag on ROE. Interest rates would go the other way, particularly in the Property-Liability portfolio. So what we did was stand back and say, what do we think is right over time on kind of a rolling three year basis.
Mario Rizzo: I just would add a couple things. So first, I think we're continued to be pleased with the progress we're making on expenses. And as Tom talked about earlier, it's a core part of our transformative growth strategy. And one of the ways that we're going to further improve the customer value proposition and create the capacity for the growth investments that he alluded to. So our work in this area is not done. We're going to keep focusing on expenses and look to drive down the expense ratio. One thing I'll add with the fourth quarter specifically, the impairment charge related to the Esurance brand was worth about six tenths of a point on the expense ratio. So if you look year-over-year, you see some real meaningful improvement in the expense ratio in the quarter that gets a little bit masked by that non-recurring charge.
Mario Rizzo: Yes, it’s in the expense ratio, so worth about six tenths to the overall property liability number, obviously, more of an impact to Esurance specifically.
Tom Wilson: Well, let me maybe go up for a minute and ask Glenn to talk about the commission changes you're talking about for 2020, which I think the specific ones you're referring. So transformative growth is a multiyear effort we expect it as both expanding customer access, improving customer value and investing in technology and marketing, to help us grow market share. The improving value will be done two ways, one reducing expenses. And that's expenses across the board and we can talk more about that later if you want, but it's really across the board and redesign the property liability projects. Glenn did make some changes to the commission structure for 2020, which he can talk about. 
Tom Wilson: Greg, let me take it incentive. Mario can talk about expenses. So we said incentive comp targets every year. And so we have two measures, one is -- or 2 programs. One is the annual incentive plan, which is management's compensation program and that’s at every year based on how well we did the year before. So it's not like you get a couple of years. We also have obviously a longer term plan, which is our performance stock rewards, which are tied to return on equity. So those you shouldn't expect fall over from one year to another as it relates to expenses. If we exceed the targets established by the board then obviously, we have to put it into the P&L, but presumably that's because we're making more money than everybody thought.
Tom Wilson: Let me make an overall comment about investments, and John can go to the more color on performance base, recognizing we don't like to give next year's projections out there. We proactively managed our portfolio and John's created and used a really comprehensive capital allocation framework that helps the investment team decide what and when to invest and it keeps track of the decisions we made and not just investments we made but so we can track those, but also any opportunities missed or any losses we avoided. So we watch our money well and it's on all ports of the portfolio. So John can talks about what we do, how we deploy that and performance base and what it means.
Tom Wilson: This is Tom, let me make a couple of overall dramatic conversations and then Glenn can talk about what he's seeing in the market by competitor. But our philosophy has been to for, as you know, profitable growth and long-term profitable growth. So we raise prices when we think we need to when the trends show we should do it and so we don't get behind on it. We're not big in terms of reducing price to try to grow like we, I'd like to say around here, anybody can lose their way to increase market share and that's not our plan. The other thing I would say is you always have to be careful of the percentages, because it always depends where you start. So we have some competitors who are higher price than us and they're reducing their prices and other carriers who are lower than us and certain risks, and they're raising the prices. So Glenn can talk about the percentages. And there are obviously some overall macro trends at work in auto insurance pricing but I just -- we have to be careful not to be too specific as to what it means for next quarter sales.
Tom Wilson: First, as I said earlier, it's all about profit growth for us, the transformative growth plan should bring our expense ratio down and enable us to improve our competitive position, which should drive to higher growth in 2019 throughout the other different stories in the Allstate branded business than Esurance business. So Glenn, maybe you can talk about the Allstate branded business. And Esurance for 2019 was still under Steve, now of course under Glenn as part of our transformative growth. But Steve maybe you can pop in on Esurance.
Tom Wilson: I would say there's a number of components here, there's what’s your -- the obvious piece is, what's your combined ratio and underwriting income that's impacted by what your underlying is also what catastrophes are, which as you know bounce around. There's what happens to investment income and we've talked about that today. There's also the amount of equity you have at play and so, we've been building equity but we're still buying shares back, so that has an impact. As it related to the future, this is kind of an is business model approach. We didn't assume anything was going to change as mentioned to Elyse is that things will change in the future, but we still feel like 14% to 17% is the right range. But lots of stuff could change, the interest rates could go up and interest rates go up, for the Property-Liability business, most of that income falls right through the bottom line. And if you look at our investment income over a long period of time, we are down substantially. Now we've made that up by reducing the combined ratio and improving underwriting income, but that will change over time. Obviously the annuities business will be a positive. To extent we decided to invest in growth in an acquisition, that would be a negative. So we felt like in total the 14% to 17% was a good goal for us, but it changes as the world changes then we'll let people know. But it's a three year kind of rolling average for us.
Tom Wilson: David, first, it's a long-term plan. This is going to take us multiple years to do. But there's obviously components of it and some parts will have a bigger impact early and other parts will have a larger impact later in the game. So we expect early in the plan that expense reductions will play a significant role in us improving our affordability for customers, and getting to that second part of improving the value proposition. As you go forward, we would expect that redesigning our technology -- our property liability products will drive more differentiation. So we were first to market with decline the deductibles, first to market with new car replacement. There are other ideas and things we have in place that we think can drive more value, but it's going to take more time to put those into the marketplace. So those in terms of improving the customer value proposition, expenses first redesign products later. The redesign products is later is in part it requires a new technology platform, which is the third piece. We have to invest more in the new technology platforms, particularly our product management platform and our customer experience layer. So that will take us a while to do. We think we can still cut expenses and reduce the overall expense but why we are investing in those and that's our goal. But at the same time, we're going to invest more in marketing earlier in the process, because we believe that will drive growth. And Glenn talked about what he is doing to enhance the Allstate agent value proposition, whether that's increasing new business commissions, or freeing them up by taking low value work out of their offices and putting it into integrated service. The other piece is to expand the access, and that's happening as we speak. So the access to people who called for the Allstate brand who got on to our Web site in Allstate brand, had some restricted rules on it, which we've started to open those up now. So for example, if you called during working hours, you could get a different experience and if you called after working hours, you should have the same experience. Like you're getting online, it shouldn't matter what time of day you do that. So we're changing those rules. What Glenn is also doing is taking the Esurance capabilities, which are exceptionally good in direct. He's putting those together with the Allstate branded capabilities, which do some direct today. And that will then be utilized for the Allstate brand that will take us some time to do. One obviously, you’ve got to put all the operations together, and call centers and get the technology to work the same and get the order -- the flow on the Web site, all to be the same. We also need to reposition the Allstate brand. And so the Allstate brand, of course, is extremely well-known, great unaided awareness, high trust marks, people – it’s one of the great brands of the world and that said, it's not viewed as modern as Esurance is. So Esurance built for the modern world, a little hit a little cleaner. So we are working hard on reposition the Allstate brand so that it brings both of those together so that we both serve our customers with agents when they want them and we serve them direct when they want. So it's a long-term plan but you can see there's -- its front end loaded on some parts and back end loaded on others.
Tom Wilson: I mean I think we got it. We were all leaning in towards the steep curve to make sure I heard it was a low light. So I think Glenn can talk about the integrated service and commissions. Maybe let me go back to transformative growth and make comment really on behalf of the customer. So the agents are part of our team. We want them to be successful. We're leaning in hard to make them successful. They drive a bunch of our business and we're going to work hard at making them successful. That said, there's a range of opinions as to what people think about what you're doing. But let me come back to the customer. What we are trying to do with transformative growth is stick with our customer philosophies. And one of our philosophies is you should pay a fair price for the risks you create. We're very sophisticated in the way we do pricing. We get telematics, which is the new end of it with Drivewise. We also have a philosophy that customers should get what they pay for. And as it relates to the auto insurance same things apply. So if you get extra service then you should -- and extra advice from the help of an agent, there should be something you should be prepared to pay extra for. If you want to do all stuff yourself then that's something that's a different price value proposition. So we are working hard to make sure that that agent value proposition is as effective and efficient as it can be. Like people as we said, I think we said when we talked about this, that over half the people want an agent and it's higher as it reflects our customer base. So we want to help them be as successful as they can and that's why Glenn is working on the couple of programs he is.
Tom Wilson: So if you go back to the customer and what blends higher new business when you ask customers, where does an agent add the most value, it's almost always on either the purchase of the product are doing an insurance review, helping me sort out stuff, very little of is on changing address. And so that's what Glenn's working on.
Tom Wilson: Ryan, Glenn can give you through some of the percentages we give out but this is not and/or conversation. A lot of times people are like, well, they want to buy direct or through an agent. It's an and. Like, we'll sell to people anyway they want. You want to start online, buy from the agent, call an agent buy online, like we're just there to. Like, we want to sell as much as we can to as many people as we can through as many ways as we can.
Tom Wilson: Let me maybe start with the last piece and work my way up, and anybody else wants to jump in. So first, it's of course always hard to tell how much price elasticity is within an agency. In general, you would think that an agency that had multiple companies and could share those multiple quotes for you there would be more price elasticity than in a captive agent. That said people can call around the three or four people and get their points of view. So auto insurance in particular is price sensitive. Although, we've talked at length us trying to have profitable growth, I guess what we're trying to do. The redesign of the products is on all of our products, auto, home, and a variety of different products where there are things we think we can do to make them less complicated. And so for example, this year, we rewrote the renter's policy in one state and took its size down by 40%. That gets to less complexity, helping customers understand it, so we're doing the proper. But we also have a variety of other products in the circle, protection we're trying to get to. So we don't sell identity protection today through our Allstate agents. Make sense that we have customers that come to Allstate agents, probably would like to get their identity protected. How do we do that? How do we get the systems to work? How do we get the technology platform do it, how it’s factored into compensation and everything else? It’s something we're working and that’s part of transformative growth on a longer basis. So we have many products we sell through many channels but we don't sell all of our products through all of our channels. And that's part of transformative, because it’s how do we sell more of what we sell already in more of the places that we sell.
Tom Wilson: I mean, what our strategy is to have all of our agents growing and all of them be productive. As you point out, not all of them get there every year. Sometimes that's what we do in a local market or what the local market conditions. Some of that's what they do or they don't do. So we don't -- this commission change wasn't to address a problem. It was to seize an opportunity. And I think commission is -- we move commissions around frequently, like it's not -- it happens all the time, people do it now all the businesses are in and our goal is to make sure that their objectives are aligned with our objectives. Thank you all for -- let me just close by saying thank you. We had a good 2019. We're focused on transformers growth in 2020. And we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Glenn Shapiro: Elyse, we've got a few things going to stimulate growth in what is a very competitive environment right now. So we're pleased that we're able to keep growing. And to the second part of your question, deliver returns. So I'll answer that part first. Do we expect it to, as we grow to deteriorate returns? I would say no, because we've evidenced that, we're pretty disciplined about that and we've been -- as we've grown, we've kept our eye on the returns. But the specific actions, one, are you referring to the change in compensation. We move some of the compensation variable comp from agent renewals to new business to incentivize growth. We want to pay folks for growing their business. We're also putting more into advertising and managing our lead management platform.
Glenn Shapiro: And as Tom said, I think I’ll lead you to one set of numbers that I think tells the story. Our average premium in auto was up 3% year-over-year and our average loss and expense was up 2.5%. So we were disciplined in managing to a positive return and actually made a little progress during a time where, as you said, it was very, very competitive out there. We did see some competitors take sort of broad based rate reductions, which is why the overall CPI is negative, that as Tom said, not a trend we’ll follow or something we subscribe to, we look state-by-state. To your question about what we're seeing more recently is it stabilizing, I would say, I'll give you the qualified yes, there is a little bit more rate activity starting to flow into the market. You're seeing less price reductions or really no price reductions in the recent past and you see some increases out there. So I’ll call it more stable.
Glenn Shapiro: So not seeing much of a trend on the home side on that, our trend set are more meaningful for us on the home side really are the mix between frequency and severity of our property, first party losses. So we're not seeing really anything on home.
Glenn Shapiro: So I'll start us off. And just at a high level, I’d tell you we feel good about the fact we were able to grow in a really competitive market, as has been pointed out before on the call here, negative CPI, premiums up 5.5%, policies in force grew across all major lines. And it's hard work to do that in a competitive environment. So it's challenging. To your point that moved down a little bit in the fourth quarter, but we're still in the upper bounds in that sort of call it the upper third of our long-term trend on both retention and new business. We're coming off the high base here. And we're taking the actions short-term as we build out transformative growth, taking the actions short-term to grow, which I referenced before, of changing agency comp where we're shifting more towards new business, putting more into marketing.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, I'll take that. This is Glenn. And yes, we've seen some of the trends come through that you've heard about from others on bodily injury. It is embedded in our reserve position that we have where we think through these things, as we set our reserves, as we set our pricing strategy. As you've seen over the last couple of years where we've run hot on physical damage severity and yet really hasn't flowed through to the margins, because we're pretty quick at adapting from a pricing standpoint and on a market-by-market basis. So I would tell you we’re watching it, we've got good process. We have a great claims department that looks it, both the technology and the process that they followed to handle claims. And where it goes beyond what claims can manage whereas they're paying claims accurately, we get it into pricing quickly.
Glenn Shapiro: It is a third question, but this is different than the other ones, I will take. But I also -- let's try to -- there are other people in the house. The answer is, we've been trying to -- we've been working on annuities for a whole bunch of years trying to get it better. We made a lot of progress to extent there is something else we can do it, where it’s use the division statute to get a different solution reinsured. If we can do it in a way that is economic for our shareholders and has a good risk adjusted return, we'll do that. And if we do that, I don't think anybody would be unhappy if we were -- if you looked at, if we were above the upper end of the guidance.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, I'll just add to it. We talked to our agency force all the time talking to agents every week. We've got national advisory council, regional boards. We spend a lot of time with our agency force. And I’ll give you the range of reactions. So on the -- overall, the facing out of transformative growth, we're going to pull the marketing in from Esurance as the Allstate brand, as you might imagine wildly popular. Like everybody feels really good about the fact that there's going to be more marketing in the pipeline and we're focusing on the Allstate brand. On the commission change, you got folks that they were growing fast and they're built to grow. They liked it a lot, because that leads right into their strength. You got folks that really weren't growing or weren't built to grow, you have a range of folks who are either excited about making that transition and retooling their business, or ones that say I wasn't really ready to retool my business. But they need to in order to earn the commission that goes with the new business, the higher new business commission. As it goes to integrated service, as Tom said, lots of different opinions out there. It really is about freeing people up for growth. And what I can tell you is the folks that are in it are growing faster than the folks that aren't. So we think we're creating something that's going to be really valuable for the agency force.
Glenn Shapiro: So I'll take that. This is Glenn. Let me go up a little bit, because I think if you look at the whole system and you say, there's premiums that come in and how we may changes to those overtime to these expenses that are going out the door, and then you split your loss costs by frequency and severity. Over the past year, three out of those four have been going well for us. Our premium, as I mentioned, autos up 3%, average premium -- home is up 5% average premium, the respective loss and expense on those lines are 2.5 and 4. So we've made up a half a point and a full point in terms of actually improving over the time period. So it's hard for me to say, I can't predict that severity will be flattening or up more over a year, two years from now. But what I can tell you is we've been really disciplined about managing it quickly into each market on a market-by-market basis. Our pricing sophistication, our state management team, has gotten better and better and we're able to react in real time to those changes and manage to the types of returns that we've been able to deliver. So while I can't give you a perfect prediction on where the severities will go, I feel really good about our ability to react to it in real time.
Glenn Shapiro: It's a challenging question, I'll tell you, because there's a lot of stops in the process where for example, people go online, they start to get a quote and the agency that's nearest to them pops up with that quote and they decide to drop off, make the phone call and that's one path, there's multiple paths people take through. The vast majority of our business is written by a local agent. That said, all the data and research out there tells you that the vast majority of people start their process online and at least get some understanding and then want to talk to somebody about it. So we've got a mix of that and imperfect data for me to give you any more specifics on that.
