Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, the number should decline. It won't stay up at 1.4 decline versus prior year. There were a couple of things that happened in there. First, we reduced advertising expenses in the quarter because we just don't want to grow as much, so there is no sense in advertising if we don't want to grow. Secondly, there were some incentive compensation adjustments, which adjust for the full year, which has really nine months' worth of change in it versus the three months. But we can talk about the things we are doing. Matt can mention what we are doing to keep overall expenses in line, but it's obviously always a component of focus for us.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Okay, you're correct in saying we'll wait until the full year is printed before we do an outlook for next year. We are – as you point out, we had about a year ago actually, the frequency in severity started to take off and as always, we are highly focused on maintaining returns on capital. That said, we always try to do that with looking at the long-term economics and, of course, that is driven by retaining customers, which lead to higher profitability and higher growth. So when you have a rapid spike in cost like that, we need to obviously recover those costs quickly. I feel very good about the pace at which Matt and his team are executing; Don and his business are going at it. I would say this is the first time it's really happened across the country all at once in a long time. That said, we see this movie every year multiple times in individual states. So it's not like we haven't been through this movie multiple times before. We know how to manage it. It does have an impact on growth, which you can see more dramatically in the Encompass and Esurance brands than you see in the Allstate brand this quarter. You should expect to continue to see some impact on growth. That said, we are not doing it so aggressively that we're giving up long-term returns. As it relates to the combined ratio and the guidance, obviously after the second quarter, we were at the upper end of the range. We were at 89.1 versus a range of 87.89. We had a range of forecast at that time and we said we thought we could be at the high end of the range. We thought we still had a chance to be in the range and we continue to work aggressively to try to achieve that. That said, we did indicate we didn't think the low-end range was achievable. Since then, we've now printed another three months and we're now still at 89.1 and we also have a range of forecasts, and when we look at that, we said there are some outcomes where the fourth quarter could be higher so that we could end up the full year at 89.5, which is half a point higher than the upper end of the range before. And as most of you know, the fourth quarter is historically quite volatile, particularly as it relates to winter weather. But we feel comfortable that all of our forecasts are going to leave us below 89.5. So I feel good about where we are at. I think we are aggressively going after short-term actions. I don't think we're throwing out long-term value creation. That said, we're getting after it because we know that the biggest driver to shareholder returns is return on equity.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I would say there's a whole bunch of things that relate to it. Obviously, you zoomed in on weather. In addition to weather, there is the darkness. So, it gets darker earlier so more of the traffic is driven in the dark in the fall, and obviously in the first quarter. But then you have weather, you have precipitation, you have near ice conditions versus ice conditions in the first quarter. So there is a whole bunch of moving factors there. I kind of look at both of them and just say they're both highly volatile. Those are busy times of the year when people are driving a lot and you do get more action. So there's more range. I don't think there is any El Nino effect or anything like that that we're factoring in. It's just going to be what it's going to be.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah. I would add on to that. What you see are our numbers across the country. Matt and I were talking last night about how certain parts of the country have not had as big an increase as other parts. So it's possible that while some portions of the country may level out, other portions may increase to catch up to where the rest of the country is. So, we are – as Matt points out, our team is being very cautious about calling a victory.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Sarah, I remember doing the – yes, we can get to the 94% to 96% because we ran there for 14 years. I don't remember making a call on the quarter. I think the call on the quarter will be dependent on a couple of things. The trend you just pointed out, which is, we'll have to see where that goes. Secondly, as we increase rates we are having a great success in doing that today. Our competitors are doing it. There is not a lot of noise in the marketplace yet. But if frequency continues to go up for two years or three years, obviously there will be increased scrutiny. So we have complete confidence that we can run this business with the margins that it's been run at historically. We don't have a good, clean call as to when we will be at that level.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah. It also varies, obviously, by coverage. So we were talking about BI, bodily injury, looks a lot like the level that it started to achieve in the fourth quarter last year. Physical damage is a little bit higher. So as Matt points out, the good news is we have great visibility and transparency and we act to it. The bad news is, like all things in frequency, you can't predict it.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I'll give you – what we do is we look at our numbers. We make the changes based on what's happening to our book of business so that we can earn the appropriate returns. Matt, you might want to make a comment about what you're seeing in the marketplace.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I'll provide some oversight as to the strategy and Judy can talk about the timing of income. So, Dan, we have about a $5 billion block of really long-dated liability structured settlements for people who were severely injured, buyout annuities, immediate annuities that have maturities of 30 years, 40 years. If you look at the right way to invest behind those liabilities, it would be to A) make sure you have enough cash so that in the next five years to seven years you always got enough money to pay those people. But after that, then you want to invest for long-term return. And so, when we look at that second portion, the investment pool, we said given today's interest rates where they are, we think buying 30-year bonds to satisfy those liabilities is not the right use of our capital that we should invest in higher return assets. They have more volatility on an annual basis, but when you look at the volatility on a 10-year or 15-year basis, it's actually lower than the volatility and investing in, in theory, lower risk assets like fixed income. In doing that, though, there is a higher capital charge from the regulators. We've chosen to do the right thing long-term to generate capital for our shareholders and economics for our shareholders even though it requires putting up more capital and having a negative impact on return on equity now because we believe that's the right thing to do. Judy can talk about the shift. So what we did is we sold a bunch of long-dated bonds and had some capital gains and now Judy is going to get that capital reinvested into other investments. So you might want to talk about the reinvestment plan and then how long it will take to get the money back.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: So, Dan, we've made the choice that choose the best long-term economics, if that has a short-term negative impact on operating income, which this will, or return on equity. That's the best choice for our shareholders because we believe in long-term to generate cash. That's what drives shareholder value. And we decide not to be – make economic decisions based on keeping operating earnings per share up on a quarterly basis. As long as we're transparent, we've found our shareholders to be quite receptive to that approach.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, when we had the Barclays conference, there was – we have a range of projections and those projections were largely based off what we had seen through the second quarter. So even though we are a couple months into the quarter, you don't have things like severity and reserve changes and as clean a shot as you'd like on what the full year will look like. Obviously, you get three quarters of the way through the year you ought to have a pretty good sense of where the year is coming out. So the range has come in some, Bob, is what I would say. It's narrowed down. The frequency continued to be up in the month of September. So, that also impacted our view, but don't read it as a huge change from where we were before. I was very clear when we were at 89 once for six months we weren't going to get to 87 because we didn't think we were going to run at 85 for the next two quarters after we had run at 89. So I was very clear, we're not going to be at the bottom end of the range. We still think we've got a shot at the upper end of the range. If I had a clear indication we're going to be above 89, at that point I would have said so. We didn't have a clear indication. Now, we look at it and say we have a pretty clear indication. We're going to be below 89.5. Who knows what October, November and December will bring to us. We're constantly updating severities. There are some things that are – in terms of severities, that whether it's on the physical damage side where given the dramatic spike in frequency, it had both a stress on the number of people we have in the system and just the system itself – from itself, body shops are busier, auto parts. So we had to sort through what that was doing to cost. Matt and his team are working hard on that. And then on body injury, as you know, those are long-dated claims. So we want to make sure you get the reserves right and given the bump, the volatility in both frequency and severity and bodily injury, we've had to look hard at those. So, we feel good about the forecast. I don't think you should read it as a huge change. We provide the outlook to give you a sense of where the business is and, as you know extremely well, it is not the only impact to operating EPS. So we try to just do it to give you a sense for the business.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Cliff, I think often it's interesting as you watch people analyze our results and other people's results. Everybody is looking for an answer to why. Like, why yours? Why theirs? I would say and this is like it's one of these complicated 1000-piece puzzles. There's a variety of things that we all do differently, and the thing to look at really is the way in which Matt's talked about, the way we run this business in a highly targeted, highly local, highly analytical fashion. We use as many tools as possible to compete effectively and get our returns back. So, I don't think there is any one silver answer as to is it geographic spread, is it monthly rating thing, is it telematics? There's a whole bunch of things that go into this complicated business. I would just say we're highly focused on making sure we make money.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah. And I would say we built a strong team there. So some of the people are those that we acquired and Jonathan Adkisson, who runs it, who's been there for a long time, run it well. The financial person has been there a long time. We brought in some new claims capabilities because, as Don pointed out, you grow twice in size, you get twice as many claim people. Plus we have more Esurance eyes on Esurance cars as opposed to using third parties. So I feel like this is actually a really good time to consolidate our skills and capabilities to go to the next level of growth.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: But, Mike, I will tell you. I don't think – we cut advertising, but we're not doing it in such a fashion that it hurts our long-term brand or market position. We just felt like we shouldn't continue to lean in and advertise and drive quotes when in fact we had tightened underwriting standards.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, Matt mentioned what we're working to do. I don't think you – it'll probably go up some over the course of time. We're not trying to – it's not like we're – we really are focused on making sure we do everything possible to get our short-term goals without throwing out our long-term growth or long-term strategy. So whether that's technology, advertising, investing in expanding products like homeowners at Esurance or expanding our benefits business into Canada, we're pushing hard on all of those things. So, I think you should expect to see us manage between those. Are we always focused on cost? Yes. Did we decide in this quarter because we take our outlooks seriously, and we said, let's just not spend the money if we don't need to. So we didn't.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Paul, first, I always think your questions are thoughtful. So there's two lines to look at. If you go back to Pat's slide, there's a blue line and the red line. The blue line is the increase in the earned premiums and, of course, what that – it starts with the rate increases, which we show on the bottom of that slide, then it goes to what you actually write. There's usually a little bit of leakage between there because what happens is customers raise their deductibles, which actually improves – it still gives you the same impact as raising prices, it just doesn't show up in the blue line, it shows up in the red line in that the severities go down a little bit. But then you have it written and then it takes a while to come through earned. You can track those two, written and earned, and do some analysis of that and actually determine how it burns through. You could also do the same thing in between the rate taken. And so you could build a model that would help you on that part. The trickier part of your question is what to do with the red line. And the red line is our cost, which is obviously frequency and severity, that bounces around obviously by quarter. So you have to kind of – what we tend to do is smooth it with various portions of time. We look at it on the latest quarter, we look at latest month, we look at it over six months, 12 months, and you'd have to look at the frequency and severity. I think it's unclear yet where, as Matt pointed out, let's just call it, the top of frequency is. It's hard to tell, but what we do know is as long as it continues to go up, our blue line will continue to go up. So what we tend to do is look at the difference between those and what we are trying to do is have the earned premium go up faster than the – what we would – the combination of frequency and severity go up. And you can't (56:41) see when those lines cross. And when they cross, then that's when you get the automatic drop in the combined ratio. So I can't give you a specific quarter because none of us really know what will happen with the red line. What we do know is as long as the red line is going up, so is our blue line. And our blue line should go up by more than the red line.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, it's a good question. First, I would start with, the independent agency channel exists because there are some customers who don't really care which insurance company they have, don't necessarily have the highest level of trust in insurance companies, and trust a local advisor to help them select between those companies and give them the right coverage because they don't want to do it themselves. So, as long as those customers exist, the function and role of the independent agencies will continue to be important. That role over the last 30 years has gotten smaller. That used to be a bigger portion of the market, but it leveled out at about 30% of the market or so. As technology has helped people do more self-serve and that kind of stuff, it could be under a little more pressure, but I think you will continually see people that don't want to do work themselves and don't necessarily have a trusted brand in mind that they want to pick from. As it relates to scale on the independent agency company that service that channel, scale does matter. It matters more and more each year whether that's on data technology, ability to negotiate lower cost with people. So, I think you will continue to see a reduction in the share of small carriers really in all four of the channels, which is why we are trying to be in all four of those so we can leverage our scale across all of those. That said, it is a slow process because many of the companies you're talking about tend to be mutual companies. Over about half of the business is held by mutual companies and they tend to have an extremely high level of capitalization. And so they can wait a long time before they have to get out of the business. And we'll take one last question and then we'll wrap up.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: In a sense, what we are seeing, you see the one movie, which is the movie we report, which has country-wide numbers. We have 50 movies, 100 movies, 200 movies we are watching. And we adjust for each of those movies. So whether it is a particular state, a particular risk class or a particular product line, so we are always adjusting. And that's the way our process in business model works.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Thank you all for your questions and insights. I'll try to be respectful of your time. Just know we continue to balance both the short-term and long-term initiatives so we are creating shareholder value and driving long-term growth. So thank you all and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Yeah, hi. It's Matt, Ryan. Thanks for the question. As Tom said, there were some one-time items that we saw in the quarter, but there are also some more systemic longer term work that we have been doing. In addition to the advertising cuts Tom referred to, we've had a multi-year effort on continuous improvement and process efficiency, which is really starting to take hold now, and that's allowed us to get some increased efficiency out of the system. It allowed us to absorb some of the growth without increasing personnel costs, and we should expect that to continue long term. Some of the cost reductions had to do with some technology costs that we slowed down some very long-term initiatives that we had while we retained the focus on the shorter term ones that were essential to continuing to operate the business. So as Tom said, we won't be able to continue at the current level, but we do believe that long-term there is some additional cost reductions and efficiencies that we can continue to drive in the business.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Components of it have stabilized and components of it appear to still be volatile. And so, at this point, we are assuming the trend line continues to go up at its current levels. We'd like to see multiple quarters at the same level before we call it as stabilized and take our foot off both the rate lever. So we continue to operate as if the frequency will continue. Our plans are to continue to take rate wherever justified and indicated and wherever we're able to in those states after we go through our examination. So, I would say that we haven't leaned back and relaxed yet and said it's all over, but it appears to be operating in a narrower range than it was, I'd say, this time last year when we saw such an out of proportion spike in one quarter.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Jay, it's Matt. That's a tough question. As Tom just said, on a countrywide basis for the entire system, I would say that's accurate. I don't think there was anything that caught us off guard. There are state-by-state geographic fluctuations in there that do continue to intrigue us. I won't say surprise us, but we are trying to figure out why some of the fluctuations exist in certain geographies. But overall, as a system-wide basis, I think you're right. My opinion, third quarter was very similar to what we had seen in second quarter from a frequency standpoint. I had actually expected or hoped that we'd get a little more stabilization in some of the components. But it certainly didn't shock us or look to be a spike that was totally unexpected.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Yeah, as Tom said, we make the call based upon what we are seeing in that market and our rate need and indication. However, in every single case, we also do run recent rate filings from our competitors to get a sense for whether or not we are out of sync or whether or not we should be looking closer at the numbers. And what I have been seeing as I look at those is that we have a broad range of our competitors taking very similar rates to us. It obviously varies depending upon their starting point, but we've seen several competitors taking much more in certain geographies and some less in others, but on a countrywide basis, I would say that we do not appear to be out of sync with our competitors. Which is why, in addition to the fact that our agents are able to help our customers manage through these premium increases, I think one of the reasons that retention has held and that our quote and close ratios have held is because we're not alone in this rate taking.
Matthew E. Winter - President: It's Matt, Cliff. Yeah, I can say that we've evaluated the use of monthly rating factors in the past. We continue to look at it. In some situations when you have slow and steady increase in the cost of insurance, it works to your advantage. In situations like we're in now where you have spikes in either frequency of severity, it really doesn't do anything you can't do by just taking rate as indicated in those states. So we continue to look at it. We also know that not every state would permit it. We believe that most of the states that permit it are file and use states anyway. So if we're on top of our indication, if we're monitoring as we do on a monthly basis, we should be able to do anything that that technique allows you to do and do it more targeted, more segmented in a more responsive fashion. That puts everything in an auto play mode. Ours is more of a hands on the wheel mode and that is what we believe is most appropriate in times of volatility and significant changes that we have as we do today.
Matthew E. Winter - President: It's just not used the – it's not used to such an extent. It's priced appropriately. We monitor it carefully. And that's not a causal factor.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Reasonable proxy? I'll get in trouble no matter how I answer that. We look at fast track data. Ian, it's informative. I think it's directionally correct. And I think it is – it shows us – it confirms for us what we're seeing in the marketplace. But like almost every third party data source, and this is true for all the rate services that are out there, we look at those all the time and there are some data issues with them. There are some reporting issues from certain states. So, I don't think that they are ever determinative. They are only good indicators.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Yes. So, Ian, I don't think I ever said it was uniform. I said it was country-wide. But it varied by geography and, yes, I do agree with that. I think as the Dowling report, the IBNR weekly from the middle of October talked about the geographic differences explaining much of the discrepancy and frequency trends across underwriters, I think we do see that. We certainly see pockets, and Tom referred to it on this call already of pockets of geographies where the frequency trends are hitting harder than others. I referred to it on my last call too. Miles driven is not uniform across the country and when you look at the Department of Transportation reports, there are geographic differences of the miles driven, Northeast actually not up so much, other areas of the country up significantly more. So, yes, I do think geographic differences explain some of it. We see geographic differences. When I say it's country-wide, what I'm referring to, it is widespread. It's not as if this is a localized issue where we did something wrong or we fail to implement the rating plan properly in a state. That's why I refer to the country-wide impact. It is everywhere, but it is at different levels in each geography.
