Steve Shebik: Thank you, Pat. Slide 12 provides an overview of Allstate Financial’s results for the second quarter of 2016. We have refocused Allstate Financial over the past several years primarily on business written through the Allstate agencies and on voluntary workplace products for customers of Allstate Benefits. The annuity product line is closed to new business and is effectively in run-off. Premium and contract charges totaled $564 million in the second quarter of 2016, an increase of 5.2% in the quarter versus the prior year. The solid growth in premium and contract charges was driven by Allstate Benefits, which grew 9.6% in the second quarter, with an increase of 468,000 policies over the prior 12 months. Allstate Financial operating income decreased to $120 million in the quarter from $139 million in the prior year. Across the top of the slide, we show net and operating income for each business. Life business operating income of $64 million in the second quarter increased $9 million compared to last year, driven by favorable mortality experience and premium growth. Allstate Benefits operating income of $29 million for the second quarter was consistent with the second quarter of last year. The annuity business generated operating income of $27 million, down $29 million from the second quarter of 2015 due to 2015’s portfolio repositioning and worse mortality. The chart on the bottom right shows the liquidity need by product. For immediate annuities in the gray bar, benefits will be paid to annuitants over many years, lowering required liquidity. As a result, we’ve repositioned this portfolio from longer-duration fixed income securities and are shifting to performance-based investments and sharper higher risk-adjusted returns. Now let’s go on to slide 13. We’ve been proactively managing the investment portfolio in response to changes in our liability profile and the low interest rate environment while reducing the portfolio’s sensitivity to an eventual rise in interest rates. As we discussed in prior quarters, we have been shifting the risk posture of our portfolio over time, which is shown in the chart on the upper left. Several years ago, we began to reposition the portfolio by moving away from lending and toward ownership. This is reflected in the decreased allocation to investment-grade, fixed income, and increase in performance-based investments, such as private equity, real estate, timber, and agriculture. Our performance-based strategy is expected to generate higher but more variable returns over time. We’ve created capacity for the incremental risk by strengthening our capital position to issuing preferred securities, reducing debt, decreasing exposure to natural catastrophes, and shrinking our annuity business. Total return for the quarter, on the upper right, remained strong at 1.9%, as valuations continue to be positive, reflecting lower market yields. The unrealized gain in the portfolio increased to $2.7 billion. Gross investment income is provided at the bottom left of the slide. Variability in income largely results from our performance-based investments, shown in gray. Investment yields by the business segment are provided on the bottom right. We shortened the duration of the property/liability portfolio in 2012 and 2013, resulting in an interest-bearing portfolio yield closer to current market yields, which will be more responsive to rising interest rates as a result of its shorter maturity profile. The Allstate Financial yield trend reflects the impact of last year’s portfolio repositioning when we sold longer-duration fixed income securities in the immediate annuity portfolio. Except for the impact of these sales, the interest-bearing portfolio yield at Allstate Financial has been relatively stable despite the rate environment, as investment cash flows have been used largely to fund liability outflows. Yields of both segments continue to be pressured to the extent rates remain below the portfolio averages. Slide 14 provides an overview of our capital strength and financial flexibility. We finished the second quarter of 2016 with $20.6 billion of shareholders’ equity, a debt to capital ratio of 19.9%, and deployable holding company assets of $2.5 billion. Book value per common share for the second quarter of 2016 was $50.05, up 4.4% from 2015, reflecting higher unrealized net capital gains. We returned over $1 billion in cash to common shareholders through the first six months of the year. We paid $240 million in common share dividends and repurchased $829 million of common shares. On June 1, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement to purchase $350 million of our outstanding common stock. The completion of the ASR agreement will be on or before September 23 of this year. As of June 30, $1.2 billion remained of the $1.5 billion common share repurchase authorization. With that, let me ask Jonathan to open the lines for your questions.
Steve Shebik: So, Ryan, this is Steve. Let me talk a little bit about our investment portfolio, which I think is what you’re referring to. I made a comment in the prepared remarks about the difference between the portfolio yield and the current yield you might be able to reinvest in. And for property/liability, it’s fairly close. For life, there’s a difference. Obviously, we have longer duration assets. We’re getting good yields on those today, but they slowly run off over time. The good news is for us, unlike many other companies, we’ve been paying out our run-off annuity liabilities with a lot of that cash flow that’s coming from the portfolio. So we haven’t had to reinvest in the lower interest rate environment. Today, that’s slowing down a little bit. So we have some cash flow beyond that, which we’re investing primarily in performance-based investments, as we said, which really is designed to match up to our liability profile, which is longer duration than many of our competitors in terms of – because we’re running it off. So if you look at that – and performance-based investments we believe would earn substantially higher albeit variable returns over a period of time than you would in fixed income. So we feel our income for Allstate Financial, should hold on to investments, should hold reasonably well. There’s going to be a slowdown turn, as you can imagine, given some cash flow and some of the market environments and what we do in managing the portfolio on a routine basis. In terms of charges, probably I think you’re thinking of a premium deficiency charge. We aggregate all of our life and annuity businesses, and we disclose this in the footnotes in the financial statements. Right now, we have stat sufficiency in that. We continue to look at that, and once again, having it be a performance-based investment will help us significantly in terms of increasing and holding the returns we have in those long-dated annuities. I hope that helps – answers your question.
Steve Shebik: On a stat basis, we do look at that at year end, as you say. I don’t have any really current comments on that. But once again, it really is based upon where your investment income is coming out and moving more towards performance-based investing should help us on that.
Steve Shebik: The answer to the first one is it all depends what you think is going to happen to frequency. And we can’t predict the bottom part of that chart that Pat and Matt talked about. We can’t predict that. So as Matt indicated, as long as it’s going up, we will continue to adjust our pricing to reflect the cost that we have to cover for our customers. When it will go through will be – and you’ll see it in the P&L, is when it exceeds the growth in frequency and severity. It didn’t happen this quarter versus the second quarter of next year, but we don’t price just to hold even. So at some point, we would expect to get back to that loss ratio that we talked about earlier.
Tom Wilson: Greg, do you want to give us your distribution question too, so we can – maybe they link together, I’m not sure, but we can handle both of them that way.
Tom Wilson: Okay, Matt can deal with both of those. Let me just give him a little bit of air cover, which is we always encourage you not to take our quarterly results and multiply them by four.
Tom Wilson: Greg, let me add a longer-term view to that as well. So we have 10% of the overall auto market. We have a bigger share of the lower left, but not such a big share that we don’t think there’s plenty of room to grow.
Tom Wilson: As you noted, we did decide we would reduce those expenses that were related to growth when we were not in the market for new customers. So Matt just mentioned, for example, not adding a bunch of new agency owners. That costs money to do that because we have to help them get started and get supported. We did launch our new advertising program already, and so you’ve started to see that uptick that portion of expenses. So the expense reductions are not as great as they were in prior quarters and the year-over-year comparison. So we manage it both on a short-term and long-term basis. We try to control our expenses in total to make sure we’re achieving our target returns. On the other hand, we’re not willing to give up our long-term growth. So I would just say it’s balanced. It’s hard to predict where your expenses and your frequency and severity will be in a quarter obviously on a forward-looking basis. So we manage it on a rolling 12-months basis.
Tom Wilson: Elyse, we have not changed our full-year outlook, which is the way we like to look at it. As Matt points out, it bounces around by quarter. Our full-year outlook is still 88% to 90% for underlying combined ratio.
Tom Wilson: Ryan, this is Tom. When Matt said this, I want to go a level below that, which is in doing our net income and our reserving processes, we use actual claim counts and severity by type of loss. As you know, some longer-tail businesses where they don’t have the data that we do on a real-time basis, they book to estimated loss ratios. When Matt is talking about what we’re doing with claim counts, that’s all factored in. So we have greater precision in the way we estimate our current income levels.
Tom Wilson: Yes, it is. I would say, if you look at where we operated the auto insurance business with flat severity, as Matt pointed out, for a long period of time we’ve had flat severity – or sorry, flat frequency. Thank you, Pat. We would like flat severity. But we were able to operate that business at a combined ratio below where it is today. We see no change in our capabilities relative to our competitors, no change in the overall competitive environment that tells us we can’t be back in that space. It will take us some time given that those frequency numbers have been headed up and we price on a lag basis, but we see no reason why we can’t get there. The homeowners business has been successfully repositioned, and we’re zeroing in on around four years of the new environment, and we see no reason why we can’t continue to maintain that profitability where it is today.
Tom Wilson: The percentage on it bounces around a lot. For example, let’s say somebody called us and they had a claim and their deductible is $1,000, and the damage was $700. We close that claim without payment. There are lots of reasons. It could be they called us, and the other person was at fault. And so there are lots of things that happen where we don’t have to actually pay money. But we want to know that somebody has a claim so that we can respond proactively and do what we get paid for, which is help them at that time of trouble.
Tom Wilson: I can’t speak for what people thought we said, but what I can do is say we’re comfortable doing more advertising. But I would also point out, it’s really marketing because there’s a tremendous – we have made a huge shift in our allocations away from TV to digital over the last couple of years. So you might not see as many ads on TV, but that doesn’t mean we’re not out banging away trying to find new customers. But we’re comfortable from both an ongoing standpoint we need to invest to make sure our brand is out there and relevant; and secondly, that we’re advertising for the types of customers that we have the ability to take in.
Tom Wilson: It varies by quarter. So I wouldn’t – if you’re trying to, Amit, I wouldn’t get too hung up on it. I would think about expenses overall. We think about expenses as a way to provide both on opportunity for us to grow and great service for our customers. Right now, our expense levels are down. If we had a lower loss ratio and we felt like we could expand, we would then continue to invest until we thought the average acquisition cost was too high.
Tom Wilson: Okay, Kai, let me answer it first with a two-component stance. One is the overall environment and second is Allstate specifically. So if you look at the personal transportation system, we think it offers one of the biggest economic opportunities facing America, the restructuring of it. Just a few statistics, there are 240 million cars in the United States. They’re worth about $4 trillion. Direct cost to maintain and run those cars is about $2 trillion. You can add another $1 trillion of indirect costs, and it’s very inefficient. Capacity utilization is about 4% in total. It’s about 33% at peak hours. And then you see one person in a car most of the time rather than multiple people. So everywhere I look I see idle cars, and if they’re moving they only have one passenger. At the same time, there are about 30,000 people killed in that system, and there’s billions of hours spent either sitting in traffic or waiting looking for a parking spot. We can do better. If it was your system, you’d shut it down and rebuild it. That will be done over time. We believe it has the opportunity to increase personal household consumption by up to 5% on an annual basis, so there’s big money here. The train is on the track. It’s moving and it’s picking up speed. So what’s Allstate going to do about that? First, we can use the telematics data to improve the accuracy of our pricing. So today, most companies estimate the chances of people having an accident by their history and where they live. With Drivewise, we can look contextually at everything you do about driving and price it with real driving behavior. That gives us a more accurate price. We’re also testing pricing plans so that you can continue to pay us like we do today, over six months, as Matt talked about, or you can pay us per mile if you want to. There are lots of things that will happen in the personal transportation industry that we believe creates great opportunity for Allstate. At the same time, we’re broadening that value proposition to customers beyond just pricing so that they get more from Allstate than just advice on how to protect themselves and more than help in fixing their car when they get in an accident. So today, for example, we give them safe driving tips as to how to do better driving. We connect them with roadside so they can be – contextually we can get there faster. We’re also doing a number of things in terms of giving them rewards. So we’re both doing a better job on what we currently offer, and we’re expanding the offering we give them. Now there are many companies that want to get in this space, and we think we have a natural way in because it’s direct and it’s low friction in terms of giving customers direct benefit from the connection. So it’s our belief that we can use that connection then for multiple purposes such as road usage or providing real-time safety advice, consumer benefits that are determined by a customer’s interest and the time-and-place specific location they’re at. So as a result of that, we created Arity as a way of bundling those services together on one platform. So the strategy is strengthen our existing businesses and find new revenue sources by leveraging those connections with customers. We don’t disclose the amount of money. We don’t get to 1 million customers without spending some money on it, but we don’t break that number out.
Tom Wilson: And then as we mentioned, as well the loss cost and the same trends that Matt and Pat talked about, which is cars are more expensive. Knock off your mirror, it’s $1,000, not $150, because it’s got all the sensors and stuff on it.
Tom Wilson: So let me just close with we take a proactive approach to the current environment, making sure we invest for the long-term strategic growth opportunity. So we’re adapting to the higher cost of socio and auto insurance, as most of you have asked us about. But I want to be clear. It’s comprehensive in a multi-faceted approach. It’s not just about raising price. So we’re taking a more segmented approach to that. We are managing risk-adjusted returns to create shareholder value. That’s like what we did in homeowners, where we got smaller to get better, or as we’re doing today in payout annuities. We are focused on growth, whether that’s Allstate Benefits, Allstate agencies and their relationships with the 16 million households, Esurance, or our telematics offering. We are investing for long-term growth and will continue to do so. So we have a strategy, resources, and a team to continue to create value for our shareholders. So thank you again for spending time with us this quarter and we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Matt Winter: Good morning, Greg, it’s Matt. Thanks for the questions. I think as Pat said during his opening remarks, some of the quarterly rate change was driven by the fact that we took rate this past quarter in some extremely large states, and that impacted it disproportionately when you look at it on a countrywide impact. So you are correct, it is disproportionately high to what you had been seeing, and I certainly wouldn’t extrapolate out that number for the rest of the quarter – for the rest of the year. However, I would be remiss if I didn’t say we’re going to continue to monitor rate need and rate indication and take appropriate levels as we have. When it is primarily in smaller states, it has a smaller impact on the countrywide average. But when it’s in larger states, it will have a larger impact. And so it will fluctuate because it’s based upon need and indication in particular geographic areas as opposed – which has a countrywide impact, but you can’t think of it as a countrywide rate increase. The second question on distribution, it’s been a tough period, yet we’ve been able to hold fast and slightly grow some of our distribution points of presence. It’s hard to bring on new agency owners in this environment when you’re taking a lot of rate, when there’s a great deal of activity going on that is requiring them to respond and do things other than merely attempt to get new customers. Our termination rate and turnover rate has not changed. We have added fewer in the recent past. But we expect as this activity dissipates and lessens, we’ll be able to add additional agency owners, additional LSPs [Licensed Sales Producers], and I would add additional financial specialists because we think the fact that we entered this phase early, took action quickly and aggressively will allow us to emerge quickly and position us for growth and continued growth in points of presence as well. I hope that answers your question.
Matt Winter: Elyse, it’s Matt. I’ll try to answer both of those. I think just the graph, the side-by-side of gross and paid is informative because we’ve tracked both and reported on both. They serve different purposes, as Pat described, and they show up differently. Clearly in gross, it’s a leading indicator. So you’re reporting on and showing everything that’s coming in that might be a claim. And in fact, this is subject to every single change in potential opening practice in claims, how we think about it, how we capture information, and clearly there’s some segment of this that is closed without payment. But for these, and especially in the most recent difficult frequency environment, we’re trying to capture as much information as possible with as much granularity as possible and predict claims need, claims staffing need, so that we can provide our customers with the absolute best service in the time that they need it. So it tends to lead and it tends to over-capture obviously what is going to be on the paid side. And you have this gap. It’s especially true on BI because of the long tail, and that’s a timing issue. But you have a natural gap in just claims closure. You also see some small areas where it seems out of pattern, Elyse, but it’s really a question of catching up. It’s a question of closing out and paying a bunch of claims. It’s a question of figuring out what demand is. We see this not just here, but you see it on [ph] Sebrough as well. Sometimes, we’ll get hit with a big lump of [ph] Sebrough (35:28) claims from third-party carriers because they just backed up. And all of a sudden, they come in. And so I refer to it as peristalsis in our claims system. Sometimes there’s a catch-up. As you had a backlog, things slowed down, and then it’s pushed through. You manage to clear a lot of claims. And so it will never mirror it exactly. But it’s eerily similar, if pushed over a little by time and dampened a little in terms of its volatility and variability.
Matt Winter: I’d encourage you to look back historically on quarter-by-quarter underlying. I don’t want to draw a bunch of general conclusions for you, but I think you will see there is seasonality, not only in the recorded, but there is always some seasonality in the underlying based upon weather and other activities. And so I’d encourage you to look, and we do have the historical graphs, and that’s apparent from taking a look at that.
Matt Winter: Okay, thanks for the question, Ryan. It’s Matt. So I just want to point out and restate what I said in answering Elyse’s question. So we made a decision during the second half of 2015 to try to capture additional information on every claim. And as we did that, we did that for the purposes of really digging at a very granular level into what was happening in our claims pattern and make sure that we were ahead of the game in both an ability to staff it and an ability to predict, to the extent you can, emerging trends. And so as we began capturing additional information, we began capturing additional information on what we call hit fixed object or non-vehicle accidents. And the fixed object that you hit can vary depending upon the season. In January and February, that fixed object could be a snow bank. It’s less likely to be a snow bank in July and August. Sometimes it’s something that can result in a claim, like a mailbox or somebody’s tree or a garage door or something like that, and sometimes it’s something that would not result in a claim. So we wanted to capture additional information. We did. And as a result, we were probably capturing and continue to capture some incidents that, when you look at it, you’re less likely to think it’s going to result in a claim. But to be complete, we wanted to capture everything. It allowed us to make a more informed assessment of liability earlier in the process. As we disclosed in the supplement, as a result of that change, there has been a gross frequency per PD increase, and we quantified that. It’s about 1.5 points in the third quarter of 2015. It’s about two points in the fourth quarter, and it’s about three points in the second quarter of 2016. And so you’ll see adjusted numbers in the supplement as well as the “gross” numbers, unadjusted numbers. Most of those additional claims that we’re capturing are closed without a payment, so they have no impact to the income statement and they’re not impacting our paid, but we wanted to capture it to see trends. And when you’re as large as we are, every little change in what you capture in claims opening practices can influence the gross number.
Matt Winter: And I’d add, Kai, I think you asked about the timing. It does – since they’re six-month policies, it does take 12 full months to fully earn in, and it’s earned in in the 13th month. So you can’t accelerate that. That’s just a function of how the rates work in the system. And so you can look at what our effective rate is, and we talk about the effective rate increase and how much is likely to burn in as a result when it’s fully developed, and some of that will actually burn in, in 2017 of what we took in second quarter of 2016.
Matt Winter: I would add, Sarah, in addition to the miles driven, which is, as Tom said, miles driven is really a factor of gas prices, employment rate because that drives those behaviors. The other component that is a little more difficult to quantify but we know it’s out there is the level of distracted driving that’s taking place today. And that distracted driving, the use of cellphones while driving, the texting, Facebook surfing, we’ve all watched it. Some of us have been victims of it on the road. We all watch people sliding around in the lanes. And the combination of increased number of cars on the road due to the first thing, due to the miles driven, means you have a greater density of cars on the road with less margin of error. So there’s less space in between those cars. When you add distracted driving to that and you have people swerving and not paying attention and going to hard stops, it’s an increased likelihood that they’re going to hit somebody else. So it’s a perfect storm to have a greater number of cars on the road driving faster, and we have lots of evidence that speed has increased as well. Our Drivewise data is showing us greater number of trips, greater length of those trips, and greater speed during those trips. So it’s a bad combination when you add to it people looking at their cell phone instead of being focused on their driving.
