Matthew E. Winter: Michael, certainly, we're looking at that and focused on that. And our goal is to do what we've been working on for many years, which is to position ourselves so that we can get in a position that both new business and retention are improving. And we retained a strong muscle of auto profitability at the same time. And so a lot of effort has gone into that. A lot of that was influenced by actions that we had to take in the homeowners market. As you know, now that a decline in the homeowners PIF has slowed and the new business has picked up there, that has also assisted in the standard auto line. 80% of our homeowners new business comes with at least one auto. And so that, in combination with all of the work that the team has done and the agency owners have done to drive new business and improve retention, has put us in a position where we're looking forward to continuing to make momentum on the new business and the retention. And we believe that over time, that will yield favorable results for us.
Matthew E. Winter: No, it's always dangerous to extrapolate from one quarter. We think we see a lot of positive trends. We think we're doing a lot of things that have long-term, sustainable impact. And we believe, as long as we're diligent, they'll have long-term favorable results.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. Thanks for the question. You're correct that we've looked to homeowners for several years to improve the overall profitability of the enterprise. Well, the good news is the underlying profitability continues to improve as we benefit from some of the actions taken in the last several quarters. It has allowed us to begin growth, if you look at new business growth in homeowners and retention. Both are improved as we've had to take less rate because we're closer to rate adequate. And all the House & Home that goes in, goes in as rate adequate. So we're -- we continue to make improvement in what we have and at this point, as we put on profitable high-margin, high-return business, our goal is to figure out how to do more and more of that while remaining in the proper risk profiles. So a lot of the work we're doing now has to do with how we manage that risk, how we manage concentration risk and how we can manage those 2 elements and still grow and continue to expand the homeowners business and all the auto that -- and other products that come with it.
Matthew E. Winter: So Jay, I'm glad that our advertising spend is hitting you, and that you're hearing it. As I mentioned, I believe at the last call as well, one of the areas that we're spending a lot of time on in homeowners is PML optimization. And the other is what we call aggregate risk management, which is really just looking at our homeowners portfolio in figuring out, at a more granular and sophisticated level, how we could use diversification benefit, how we could use various combinations of product sets and features and reinsurance to manage to grow in some areas without increasing above an acceptable level our probable maximum loss or our concentration risk. And so what you're seeing now in New York is a very careful and, I think, very disciplined way of thoughtfully growing a little bit within the state in those areas that do not pose undue concentration risk or PML risk for us. So we're doing it fairly thoughtfully. We're doing it in a way that maximizes the overall number of products that it brings to us. And so as Tom mentioned, we're trying to look at this from a household perspective, not a single line perspective. So what you'll see is we may be growing more in those areas where we get multiple products with the Home as opposed to a single non-line [ph] Home. And with that, I'll turn it over to Don Bailey, who can talk to you a little bit about the other personal lines.
Matthew E. Winter: Hey, Meyer, it's Matt. You should not think of it as a trade-off between profitability and growth because that's not what we're doing. We are focused on growing and maintaining profitability. So it's not a question of -- that we're letting our combined ratio creep up in order to facilitate growth. I think most of the uptick that you see is attributable to 2 pieces of the loss ratio. The PD paid severity and the BI paid severity. So let me take you through those. The PD paid severity was elevated in the quarter. But if you recall in the first quarter, PD severity was below prior year by almost a point. And we attributed that to the subro demands that were at significantly lower than normal levels. Those subros typically carry a higher severity than average claims. And in the second quarter, what we've seen is a higher-than-normal subro demands, about 25% higher actually. And our working hypothesis is that due to Superstorm Sandy, the other carriers' workloads were such for the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of this year that they delayed the subro processing and the payments until the second quarter. So we are seeing that uptick. Now it's merely a delay from the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter this year, but on a normalized annual basis, it's right in line with our historical average. On the BI paid severity, I mentioned last quarter, that we were accelerating the closure of older, more complex claims. And that in combination with the change in state mix and liability limits contributed to the increase. If you take that -- those 2 pieces out, the remainder was in line with medical care CPI. And so that has actually come down off of that peak as we've said as we work through more of those older, more complex claims. And we're moving much closer to historical norms, which around the medical care CPI. The only place that you can see any "investment" in our growth show up in the combined ratio is we pointed out that we did make some targeted investments in technology and marketing this quarter, which have shown up in the expense ratio. Those were intentional. We believe this was the right time to make some targeted investments in technology and marketing in order to push momentum and provide our agents with the tools and the stability they need to handle this higher volume. And it's certainly controllable and will continue to monitor when it makes sense to continue to invest in those 2 areas and when it may make sense to slowdown that investment.
Matthew E. Winter: So Josh, it's Matt. Let me just follow-on on The Allstate brand part. First of all, as Don explained, it's a different segment and it's a different block of business. There historical business has been somewhat different than The Allstate brand and they started in a different place. So it's somewhat deceptive to look at price increases without knowing where the starting point was. We experienced that in homeowners over the last several years. It depends where your start. It depends upon how much of a price increase -- rate increase you have to take. And so as we have different blocks and different starting points, it's not surprising that in some places, Esurance may have to take more significant rate than Allstate brand. And it might happen that we're doing just the opposite in some states at some point in the future. I would think of them as somewhat independent.
Matthew E. Winter: This is Matt again. We're making good progress in our efforts. Once again, I can't tell you either what inning we're in or what yard line we are, but I can tell you, I feel good about the progress that's been made. And I think the fact that if the client has slowed dramatically and consistently over the last several quarters is an indication that we are -- we have less work to do and we're taking less severe action there. That being said, it's all going to depend upon the combination of new business and retention. So new business was up 35% in the second quarter. That's great. It accelerated the improvements seen in the previous quarters, but retention is going to be one of our core levers there. And retention did tick up last quarter, but I still think we work to do. And it's not just on the winning back of those customers who we may non-renewed previously, but it's also keeping those customers we have. And so we have a fairly concerted effort on the retention front. New business -- the new business engine is moving specially with House & Home, which the growth in -- new business growth for House & Home is about 6 points higher than it is for the countrywide average. So the House & Home initiative certainly is helping us on the new business side. But the lever that I think we have to pull even harder is the retention one. And certainly as we have less profitability actions to take as we have less rate to put in and less nonrenewals and less strict underwriting guidelines. As we return to a more normalized level, my expectation is we'll continue to see improvement on retention as well.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes. I wish it would completely disappear. This business would be easy. But we're actually looking at it and we call it benign. It's stable and it's stable and it's performing within the historical ranges. And so we're not experiencing pressure from the frequency side, but that's on a countrywide basis. And so we have to monitor it on a much more granular basis. We'll continue to look at it on a geography-by-geography basis. In some cases, it may tick up and we'll get on it quickly. But from a countrywide basis, we've seen it stabilize within the historical range.
Matthew E. Winter: It's Matt. Thanks for asking. It's going well. We've now rolled out in 20 states as of the end of June. We hope to put on another 8 to 10 through the second half of the year. Very favorable early results. I think I talked a little bit about it on the last call. To date, we have about little over 600 million miles through the system, 20 million hours driven by the customers. We're seeing double-digit growth per month in devices installed in the vehicles. And over 1/3 of the new customers take Drive Wise when offered in those states where it's available. So the acceptance rate is high, about 70% of the users are receiving a discount. That discount averages around 10% to 12%. So they're taking advantage of it. We're learning from it. The customers are benefiting from it. So it's -- that's a positive story all the way around.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yes, I'll let Don answer that, but you should not expect the operating interest to stay at its level as that -- obviously, there's some one-time items Don can talk about. But secondly, I remember that business keeps keeping smaller. So as it gets smaller in size, obviously, it's going to generate less operating income.
Thomas J. Wilson: Josh, this is Tom. Good memory. So of course, 2 years ago, we established the goal of 13% by '14 when we're operating at about a 9% return, which was a 400 basis point improvement. And at that point, it was really to show that we had conviction that we could make substantial improvement in returns. It was not an indicator that 13% was the exact right sweet spot on creating shareholder value. Now there were some assumptions underneath that 400-basis point improvement. One was we had to make sure we maintained auto profitability, which you see we've continued to. Second, about 70% of that increase was related to improving returns in homeowners. And we're well on our way there, in fact, we're getting somewhere, we'll get into that this morning, and Matt can give an update on that. But there were 2 other goals: one was maintain investment income and rates have moved down by about 250 basis points since that time. So we're not on track to do -- to maintain that portion of the increase. And then lastly, it was to raise returns of Allstate Financial from about 9% to 10%. And as you can see -- and because of the interest rates and some other things that are going on there, we're not at that point either. So we're working hard on those last 2 items as you know. At the same time, we're also investing more in Esurance than we thought we were because we like their growth there. And we've changed the capital structure, so there's a bunch of moving pieces in there. As we get closer to 2014, we'll be updating our range and you'll be able to figure out with where the capital structure is and where we are, what it will look like for next year. But we're not giving any indication. I'll tell you, though, our goal, of course, is just to get as attractive a return as we can while driving growth in the business, in the environment win. But I don't want it us to blindly chase a number that's an accounting number as opposed to an economic number, which ultimately drives shareholder value. So working hard on driving it up. But -- so for example, when we shortened the duration in the portfolio, which saves us a bunch of money this quarter. Of course, if you just mark-to-market this quarter, that would have took away some of that ROE. But we thought it was a good trade from a risk-return standpoint. So we're going to always manage to what we think is good long-term value, and then we'll update it as we go forward this 2014.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, I'll let Matt talk about what he's doing. I'll just remind you, we think we've captured a lot of where we were. We were in the 70s underlying combined ratio at that time. I don't remember the exact number, Josh, but now we're in the low 60s, which is where we said we thought we need to go. Matt is doing a whole bunch of things, though, and with his team to take it from what would became a competitive disadvantage in the marketplace for competitive advantage. And I'll let him talk about both that and sustainability and profitability.
Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, I'll let -- maybe, Matt, can talk about perhaps what he's -- he already talked a little bit about what he's doing at House & Home. But maybe he can talk a little bit about PML optimization or probable maximum loss optimization. And then Don Bailey can give you some insights into what we're doing on the other lines, which is, of course, focused around -- the strategy that Matt is trying to execute or is executing with our agencies is about selling lots of stuff to these customers. So you're right to think about it as a total package as opposed to a line. Way too often, people started looking at us and talking about a single product when, really, we're talking about the variety, the breadth and longevity of our relationship.
Thomas J. Wilson: I would just point out on Page 25 of the supplement, we've started to break out the -- how we look at our customers and trying to help you see that we can't separate where our customer relationship from where we deployed capital. So you'll see advantage where we sell other people's products to the agencies. You'll see the nonproprietary premiums at the bottom of that, which is -- almost $1.4 billion. So that gets to the point that Matt and Don were just making. And what we're doing with the annuities as well, which is we want to sell those to our customers, we know our customers need and want them. It helps our relationship, but it's not a place where we choose to deploy capital. So we've been able to separate those by getting more sophisticated.
Thomas J. Wilson: Matt did that. Yes, I would point out just a slight uptick remember there's -- as you know, there's a lot of variability in sort of frequency. It varies on quarter-by-quarter basis.
Thomas J. Wilson: Meyer, let me also make one overall strategic comments, of course, price is obviously very important as you point out as a driver of customer's decision-making. But that's not the only component of our strategy. Our strategy, of course, is to give a highly focused customer value proposition that means good price to value. So price is not the only lever as what Matt is saying that you can drive growth. Whether it's better technology so the agencies can do a better job knowing who their customers are, whether it's new products and launching those. We have a multifaceted way that we're seeking to grow not just -- we don't view it as just a price and profit trade off for growth.
Thomas J. Wilson: Oh, catastrophe provision. Well, let me take a shot at it and see if anyone else wants to join in here because it's a complicated question. If you go way up, we looked at hurricane or earthquake losses and said we don't want to have those losses. So -- but we don't want to get rid of the homeowners line so we're going to sort of synthetically divest some significant portion of those by using reinsurance. And that's how we get started in doing reinsurance. When we first did that, we were not able to pass that to in our higher rates because it takes a while to get it through the regulators. Since that time, we made a bunch of changes to our filings and most of it, but not all of it, gets passed through. So as costs come down, we would expect over time that to be factored into our pricing. That may or may not translate into different homeowners prices because there's all kinds of other pieces of loss cost going through there. And we may or may not be getting it back for -- that portion of the company where the reduction comes from. We don't really have an internal way in which you're describing it so we -- Matt works with Steve and Sam and they figure out what the right balance is working with our Enterprise Risk and Return Council with inside the guidelines. So there's not really -- there's nothing we're doing internally that would confuse the reported results.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, let me start at the end. No, we're not okay allowing the loss ratio to rise a little bit. What you're seeing is a 1-month -- 1-quarter snapshot in what should be viewed on a much longer basis. So if you go back historically, and that's long before I took over this role, the company has been very good about consistently reflecting its experience and what it was seeing in these rates and taking rates as needed. Not holding back on rate actions hoping that stuff goes away. Not holding back on rate actions in order to capture market share, but passing those through as they were experienced and as we were seeing them. And as a result, sometimes we have what I refer to as a first mover disadvantaged because we took rates sooner than some of our competitors and on a more consistent basis. And sometimes, it's actually to our benefit because we got out ahead of the curve. I think what you're seeing now is we're out ahead of the curve in many areas. And also, suggest you go back several years, 2 or 3 years. The vast majority of the rate that you were seeing was driven by a couple of very large states, notably Florida and New York. If you go back to 2010, somewhere in the neighborhood of 70% of the overall country rate that you saw was driven by those 2 states. Now that those 2 states have returned to profitability and are requiring less rate action, it's the smaller states where we've taken consistent rate as needed that are just vacillating. And we will continue to monitor it closely. We will take rates as needed. We are not deliberately trying to let loss ratios float up as you refer to. We're going to continue to do what we've always done. It's just that our timing is better because we did the hard work upfront and it cost us upfront. If you go back several years you saw that on the homeowners side and the auto side, and now we're actually benefiting from that timing.
Thomas J. Wilson: So our goal -- our first program we announced last December, our share repurchase, was effectively a hybrid debt for equity swap. We said we would issue $1 billion of hybrids, we would buy back $1 billion of stock. So we have actually been working on that specific transaction for 2013. The rest of the program, about $2 billion more we expect to issue hopefully during the course of the rest of this year, maybe $750 million or so of hybrids and $1 billion, $1.25 billion of preferred. That is part of our capital management strategy we have previously talked about and does not impact any future share repurchase program, which we generally look at once a year towards the beginning of the year as part of our strategic planning process.
Thomas J. Wilson: Let me move aside because I want to make sure we get people time for questions. So I think, Matt here is getting a long-term plan to start to grow the business and you'll start to see that play out as we go forward.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, this is Tom. Look, confused about it. It's a early warning on an improvement in one's forecast [indiscernible] but we -- what we did is of course 5 or 6 years years ago. We moved away from the guidance and we said we'll just tell you what we think the underlying combined ratio will be for the year. We put in at a range -- frequency bounces around from year-to-year. It's weather-driven, a whole bunch of things. You can easily get a point move in a combined ratio just from frequency. Severity obviously can bounce around as well. So we try to put a range on it. We're feeling good about where we are in that range, particularly since we're below the range and we're 6 months in. But you should not expect us to be updating the range because what happens is you update the range, it eventually moves into a quarterly forecast. Because you give the -- give it for a year, then you give it for the next 9 months, then the next 6 months, then the next thing you know you're doing it for the last quarter. And because it bounces around a lot by quarter, we think the best way to communicate to you all is how are we doing relative to what we expect is the annual range. So -- and we think that's the right way doing it at a calendar year basis. So we're just, Bob is just making a point that we feel pretty good about where we're at. We don't see a lot of adverse trends in frequency or severity when you look at the first 6 months of the year. So we feel good about where we're at in the range. If you just do the math, we'd have to have a pretty good bump to be above the range in the second half here. And we're letting you know, we don't think that's going to happen. But we're also not getting into the process of re-forecasting that range every quarter.
Thomas J. Wilson: Vinay, we'll be able to figure that out when we get to next year's outlook, which will be in the fourth quarter when we typically give the -- after fourth quarter results we give next year. So there's a bunch of moving pieces here in terms of what happens to investment income, what happens to the capital structure, where we are in frequency and severity in the last half of the year, how much progress would feel, how much growth there is. So we're not prepared to say what we're going to do next year.
Thomas J. Wilson: Paul, it's Tom. Let me give you an overview, and then Don can talk about specifically that piece. So as you remember, the strategy that we started a couple of years ago when Matt Lutz [ph] was leading that business was to: one, be focused on The Allstate agencies; and two, to be focused on the work site, so you're correct on that. We continue to refine that strategy. And of course Lincoln Benefit is an outcome of -- the natural outcome of that. Don also just recently announced shutting down the fixed annuity business through those agencies. So that's a continued refinement narrows it down a little bit. So it's really life insurance. And from a manufacturing standpoint, it's life insurance to The Allstate agencies. From a providing coverage for our customers, it's everything. We sell variable annuities, we sold that business in 2006 and we're still selling a lot of those. We sell mutual funds, we sell -- we'll sell fixed annuities, we sell long-term care. We sell a whole bunch of things through our agencies. So you have to kind of distinguish between what are we doing for those customers and what are we underwriting. And -- but then also there's about $32 billion block of annuities, which are in several different forms that we still have, still will retain when we get done with the Lincoln Benefit transaction. And Don can talk about what our strategy is there.
Thomas J. Wilson: Adam, Tom. Matt can talk about it. But I guess I would just characterize it. We wouldn't say it's nonexistent. Perhaps it hasn't been increasing rapidly, but it's still there. But in terms of pressure on loss ratio, Matt can talk about it.
Thomas J. Wilson: And Adam, this is Tom. On a longer-term basis, of course, you're absolutely right, it's been declining. So whether that's the age of the population, increased sophistication of the car, or the fewer miles driven because of gas prices and the recession, you do see a long-term trend on. We're paying attention to that particularly on that second item with safer cars with machine-to-machine communication, which is why we think our strategy of selling multiple things to the customers is the right way to go. Because if you carry that trend line out, to Matt's point, if you really had no accidents, you wouldn't need much insurance. And so we're seeking to try to protect all our customers from all of life's uncertainties, which is why doing the life insurance piece, having homeowners, doing boat insurance, personal umbrella policies. And in wrapping all of our stuff around that customer so they have kind of a circle of protection is why it's important for us. So you're right, it's been benign. And that's why you see basically very little increase in our average premium. So customers continue to pay a good price -- pay the right price for what the risks they have.
Thomas J. Wilson: And Adam, I would point out too. Remember there's a difference between our strategy and some other people in the business, not everybody, but ours is to stay connected, as Matt talked about. So we're working as opposed to using it for just pricing. Ours is about pricing, but it's also about finding other ways to stay connected with the customers. Thank you, all, for participating. We've made good progress this quarter on strategic initiatives, including our focus on the customer raising returns and homeowners, deploying capital in the right places and enhancing our financial strength. We've also made great progress on the 5 priorities. And we'll keep working hard on your behalf as we go through the rest of the year. Thanks very much.
Don Civgin: Yes, I think -- Mike, it's Don. I'd say, there's nothing, strictly speaking, that's nonrecurring. Nothing from the sale of LBL is reflected in there. But there's a lot volatility in the investment income line. And we had a really good quarter.
Don Civgin: Josh, it's Don. It's Don Civgin. Let me talk a little bit about Esurance first. First of all, Esurance obviously was -- is designed for an different customer value proposition. Different product, different features and it competes in a different market. The transaction -- 1.5 years into it -- you guys have been through this before, where you're 1.5 years into a transaction and lots of things are going wrong. In this particular case, I'm proud of the fact that Esurance has really only one thing that we're focused on right now. And a lot of things have gone well. The integration has gone well, advertising, brand linkage, all of that's worked well. The combined ratio is high, part of it is high because of the advertising expense that we've talked about before, but the loss ratio on the second quarter was higher than Gary or I were anticipating or would like. We are taking price increases. We've taken them -- if you look over the course of last few quarters, we've taken them pretty consistently as well. Those decisions are independent from what Matt is doing on The Allstate brand. What we're trying to do at Esurance is make sure that the combination of the loss results, as well as the rest of the expenses result in an economic combined ratio over the life of the product. So I'm less concerned about the advertising expense being elevated than I am over the life of that customer. Are we having a good economic combined ratio that gives me good return on capital and create shareholder value? So that's why we've taken the price increases in the last quarter. And I'll be honest, I think we're going to continue to take some price increases going forward in spite of the fact that might pressure some of the growth we've seen. It's the right thing to do to get the loss ratio to where we want it to be.
Don Civgin: Bob, it's Don. I think what we've disclosed is that a number of about $130 million or so of run rate income is going to leave the company when we complete the transaction.
Don Civgin: Okay. Paul, it's a -- let me try to answer it this way. When Matt first started with this strategy for the life business, it was a 6% return business. We got that number up to about 8% now, mostly through improvements in operating income. We've still got some elevated capital levels and we're working hard to reduce those as well. I think Tom said it right. You have to view what's left from a customer point of view and then kind of what the liabilities are. From a customer point of view, we're fully committed to meeting the customer value proposition that Allstate has to the Allstate customer through our agency distribution, agencies and exclusive financial specialists. We are going to manufacture life products. We've historically had good returns in that business. We will continue to use our paper to write that product. But on the annuity side, we're basically out of the business as it relates to putting it on our balance sheet. The LBL transaction takes with it about $13 billion of reserves, $9 billion of that is annuities. So that's strategically very important because it continues to reduce our exposure to the spread business. When you look at it from a balance sheet point of view, we have light blocks and we have annuity blocks. As Tom said, the annuity blocks are still larger than we'd like. And we continue to work both on the liability side and the asset side to find ways to make that accretive to our income as opposed to a dilutive, which is what it's doing now. And the life business we want to grow. We like the liabilities there. I think we've had historically good results. We're good at those products but, again, back to the customer point of view, they will not see a difference as to whether it's going on our paper or somebody else's paper.
