Tom Wilson: Good morning. We appreciate you investing your time in Allstate. Let's start with an overview of results and then Mario and Jesse will walk through operating results and the actions being taken to increase shareholder value. Let's begin on Slide 2. Allstate's strategy has two components; increase personal profit liability market share, and expand protection services, which are shown in the two with on the left. On the right-hand side, you can see a summary of results for the second quarter. Progress is being made on the comprehensive plan to improve auto insurance profitability, which includes raising rates, reducing expenses, limiting growth and enhancing claim processes. While auto insurance margins are not at target levels, the proportion of premium associated with states operating and that underlying -- underwriting profit has gone from just under 30% in 2022 to 50% for the first half of this year. Mario will discuss the actions being taken to continue this trend and importantly, improved results in New York, New Jersey and California. Severe weather in the quarter contributed to a net loss of $1.4 billion, 42 catastrophe events impacted 160,000 customers and resulted in $2.7 billion of catastrophe losses and a property liability underwriting loss of $2.1 billion. Strong fixed income results from higher bond yields generated $610 million of investment income and Protection Services and Health and Benefits generated $98 million of profits in the quarter. The transformative growth plan to become the lowest cost protection provider is making continued progress. This both helps current results with lower costs and positions Allstate for sustainable growth when auto margins return to acceptable levels. Affordable, simple and connected property liability products with sophisticated telematics pricing and differentiated direct-to-consumer capabilities are being introduced under the Allstate brand through a new technology platform. National General was growing, which will also increase market share. Specialty auto expertise, along with leveraging auto’s Allstate strength in preferred auto and homeowners insurance products are expected to drive sustainable growth. Allstate Protection Plans is expanding its embedded protection through new products and retail relationships and in international markets. Allstate has a strong capital position with $16.9 billion of statutory surplus and holding company assets, as Jesse will discuss later. And as you know, we have a long history of providing cash returns to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Over the last 12 months, we've repurchased 3.9% of outstanding shares for $1.3 billion. We suspended this is repurchase program in July, as we had a net loss for the six months of the year. Improving profitability, increasing property liability, organic growth and broadening protection offered to customers through an extensive distribution platform will increase shareholder value. Let's review financial results on Slide 3. Revenues of $14 billion in the second quarter increased 14.4% above the prior year quarter of $1.8 billion. The increase was driven by higher average premiums in auto and homeowners insurance from rates taken in 2022 and 2023, resulting in property-liability earned premium growth of 9.6%. Net investment income of $610 million reflects the impact of higher fixed income yields and extended duration, which will substantially increase income. This growth more than offset a decline from performance-based investments in the quarter. The net loss of $1.4 billion and an adjusted net loss of $1.2 billion reflects a profit liability underwriting loss of $2.1 billion due to the $2.7 billion in catastrophe losses and increased auto insurance loss costs. In auto insurance, higher insurance pros and lower expenses were largely offset by higher catastrophe losses and increased claim frequency and severity. The underlying auto insurance combined ratio did improve slightly for the first six months of 2023 compared to the year-end 2022. Auto insurance had an underwriting loss of $678 million. In homeowners insurance, catastrophe losses were substantially over the 15-year average, resulting in a combined ratio of 145, generating an underwriting loss of $1.3 billion. The underlying combined ratio on homeowners improved 1.9 points to 67.6% as higher average premiums more than offset increased severity. Adjusted net income of $98 million from protection services and health and benefits when combined with the $610 million of investment income offset a portion of the underwriting loss. The target for enterprise adjusted net income return on equity remains at 14% to 17%. I'll now turn it over to Mario to discuss profit liability results.
Tom Wilson: Elyse, so on the investment side, that decision was primarily made from a risk and return standpoint, first starting at the markets. And we thought -- when we made the decision, we thought there is greater opportunity to make money by lengthening duration than by staying in equities. It had the benefit of reducing the volatility of equities. And in our models, the capital charges for equities is a lot higher the bot. So it has that capital benefit. If we felt like the time was right to go back long in public equities, then we would look at it at the time and then we'd say, okay, how much capital do we have and how do we feel about it? But we don't have a date in mind for that. I think when you just look at the economic environment, it's somewhat balanced.
Tom Wilson: We have the capital to make our strategy is, of course, the way we're going to increase shareholder value. One, get profit up. Two, get growth up. And three, broaden the portfolio, which those lands to will lead to a higher multiple, and that's what we're trying to drive to.
Tom Wilson: So first, the 14% to 17% confirmation was just really our way saying we don't see anything that diminishes the ultimate earning power of the company. What the equity base is and what the earnings are, of course, but we -- so we're really just trying to say we don't see anything that diminishes the earning power of the building company. We never said it was a cap. And as I just mentioned, our strategy is really get returns up to where they've been historically, which will increase shareholder value. And then the big differential we have versus progressive and others is we need higher growth to drive the multiple of and we're going to get that two ways to increase market share, personal profit liability to transformative growth. And then secondly, by expanding our protection offerings, which will drive the multiple up. So it's like step 1, step 2. We think they can both hit at the same time, to be honest, but that's what we're driving to.
Tom Wilson: I think I'm probably the one that said 18 months that was not to imply that we think it's right to wait 18 months or it should take 18 months. We just said sometimes it takes a long time, the California department stayed on all rate increases for a couple of years. They're not in that mode anymore, and we're working actively with them because they know that's not a good place to be and it doesn't create a good market. So I think what you can do is just look at the monthly numbers we've put out on rate increases. You can factor that in. You can -- we've given some math on how it rolls into the P&L. And that will give you a good look 12 months forward at what that blue line is that Mario talked about and at what rate is going up. They will tell you what's going to come in. And then you can make your own judgment on what you think severity and frequency will be.
Tom Wilson: Let me go back to the genesis of the buyback program and then roll it forward. So it was a $5 billion program, about $3 billion of which was because we're returning capital that was generated by sale of the life and annuity businesses. So it was really a $2 billion net program. We tended to have that program -- that buyback program was usually sized by how much money we made the prior year and we weren't using in growth. So it was in arrears kind of share repurchase program. And that's how we got to $5 billion. So we're 90% of the way there on $5 billon, we couldn't complete it, for sure, and we just decided you're losing money, don't buy stock back. It's just sometimes good capital management is just a common sense as opposed to a specific formula because it's formulas change, correlations change and all that sort of stuff. So from our standpoint, it was really no more complicated. I mean, Jess and I talked for like five minutes were like, okay, another quarter of a loss. A lot of -- lot catastrophes are a lot higher, almost two standard deviations away. We factored that in when we decided on the $5 billion. We factored that in when we looked at last year, keeping the program going. And it was a sensitivity, but it was a sensitivity, not a reality when insurance into a reality, you say, okay, let's just stop buying it back. And if we feel like getting back to it, we will. And we have a strong track record of buying stock back, but what will drive the value of our stock, and I can close on this is not share repurchases. Like we've looked at share repurchases. As I said, we bought $37 billion back. The return on share repurchases, if you take the price that you bought it at and the price of the stock at any point in time. Of course, it varies like it's cheap now, in my opinion. And so it would be good to buyback. But when you look at it over an extended period of time, it kind of turns into the cost of capital, which makes some sense. Sometimes you get a 20% return because you buyback cheap and the stock went on to run. Sometimes you buy it and it stacks up and you get lower return. But when you look at it over a long period of time, so you don't really create shareholder value by doing share buybacks. If you don't do share buybacks, you destroy shareholder value. That's a bad thing. But -- so the way we're going to create shareholder value is get profitability up, execute transformer growth and broaden our -- the product offering to people and things like protection plans, which are low capital, high growth, high-return businesses, health and benefits in the same way. So that's our plan. We look -- thank you for tuning in this quarter, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
