Thomas Wilson: Well, good morning. Thank you for investing your time with Allstate today. Let's start on Slide 2.  So Allstate's strategy to increase shareholder value has 2 components: increase personal property-liability market share and expand Protection services, which are shown in the 2 ovals on the left. We're building a low-cost digital insurer with broad distribution we transformed the growth. We're also diversifying our business by expanding protection offers and by leveraging the Allstate brand, customer base capabilities and expanding distribution.  On the panel on the right, in the second quarter, we made progress executing this strategy, while we continue to implement a comprehensive strategy to improve profitability. That includes broadly raising auto and home insurance rates. In the second half of 2022, we plan to file for rate increases in excess of the increases implemented in the first half of this year, which were 6.1% of Allstate brand countrywide premiums. We're also reducing expenses on advertising and growth investments. Underwriting guidelines have been and will be changed to reduce new business volume, where we're not earning adequate returns. And we're also executing claims operating actions to manage loss cost in a high inflationary environment. These actions will likely have a negative impact on policy growth.  And now while the current environment requires a huge focus on margin improvement, we continue to advance our transformative growth strategy where profitability -- when profitability levels are acceptable we'll have a business model to capture market share.  The Protection Services businesses are generating profitable growth, although earnings declined slightly this quarter as we invest in that growth. Given the negative impact of inflation on the auto insurance business, as you know, beginning late last year, we reduced the bond portfolio duration to lower exposure to higher interest rates, which helped mitigate the reduction in bond valuations by approximately $1.3 billion in the first half of 2022. Our strong capital position enabled us to maintain high cash returns to shareholders in this environment.  Moving to Slide 3, let's review second quarter performance in more detail. Total revenues decreased 3.4% in the prior year quarter, despite property liability premiums earned increasing 8.6%, which reflected higher average premiums and policy growth. Higher loss costs in the current report year and upward loss reserve development of $411 million in the prior report years resulted in a property liability recorded combined ratio of 107.9 in the second quarter.  Net investment income of $562 million was 42% below the prior year quarter since performance-based income was exceptional in the prior year. Net losses on investments and derivatives were $733 million in the quarter as lower valuations and equity investments and losses on fixed income sales, which were only partially offset by the derivative gains associated with the bond portfolio duration shortening. The combination of these factors led to a net loss of $1.4 billion in the second quarter and an adjusted net loss of $209 million or $0.76 per diluted share.  The adjusted net income return on equity was 6.9% over the last 12 months, which is obviously unacceptable from our standpoint. It's substantially below the levels we achieved at this time last year, but we remain committed to achieving our long-term returns on equity of between 14% and 17%.  Now let me turn it over to Glenn to talk -- walk through our property liability results in more detail.
Thomas Wilson: Greg, this is Tom. I'll do a bit of overviewing. Glenn, you can jump right in. First, Greg, as you know, we don't give perspective -- earnings estimates in order to give perspective line-by-line. We would expect future loss costs to go up, like we don't -- and we're booking to have them go up in the future. And we also, as we mentioned, expect to take increase in rates.  With that, Glenn, do you want to provide some more perspective on both the trends you're seeing historically in loss cost and then what you're -- where we're thinking about -- how you're thinking about rate increases.
Thomas Wilson: Jonathan, we didn't hear him. I don't know if you did or I don't know, Andrew, if you're on mute or not, but we didn't hear him.
Thomas Wilson: Andrew, maybe you want to question to Mark, and he can ask it for you, if you want. But let's move on.
Thomas Wilson: I don't think you should assume very material. I mean, the first, it's subject to anybody's -- underwriting actions, Andrew, won't get us to where we need to go. We need to raise prices, cut our expenses. Those are the big drivers. This is helpful.  And I'd like to say to our team, look, anybody can give it away, so like there's no sense writing business and knowing you're going to lose money out whatever. So this is more about managing long-term profitability than what it would do for the combined ratio in the second half of the year.
Thomas Wilson: Well, I address part of that with the comparison of Progressive, but let me just address that first, the philosophical concept. We are raising prices as fast as we can, everywhere we can. So we're up 6.1% in 6 months of this year, which is -- would have been equal to maybe even our highest year in a long period of time. So we're -- and we expect to get at least that much in the second half. So there wasn't any thinking of let's dial down to 2.5%. It's let's get everything we can, everywhere we can.  It obviously does depend on -- if you don't get anything in California, as Glenn said, that's 12% of your stuff of your total book, so that you got to pick it up by getting the right price in other places or just getting smaller in those places. So it doesn't impact your profitability as much.  As it relates to our competitors, I think, again, everyone's got their own story. We have our own story inside National General is different than the Allstate brand is -- it's related to Progressive. Their frequency was up about 10 -- almost 10 points more than ours in 2021. So you would expect them to raise their prices faster and higher than we did because at the beginning of the year, we were still earning a very attractive combined ratio.  So I think everyone has their own story. What I would leave you with is that like we're completely committed to getting a combined ratio consistent with where we've been in the past. We've been able to run our business for a long time in the mid-90s, and even when the industry has been a lot higher than that and we see no change in the competitive situation, the regulatory environment or our capabilities that lead us to conclude that, that's not possible.
Thomas Wilson: Let me -- Glenn, if you'll talk about what we're doing in claims from an operating standpoint to deal with a higher inflationary environment, leveraging our relationships and getting purchase contracts, and then Mario can talk about the difference between property damage, which is amounts that we have to pay to other people for accidents that our customers help create to how we look at collision. And Tracy, the change in the prior year reserve stuff was really on that first category. And so Mario can talk about how that flows through the system.
Thomas Wilson: Tracy, I think you should just think about looking at the combined ratio by quarter, it does bounce around. There's seasonality, there's driving in the summer, there's all kinds of stuff. So I would -- I think look at it on a year basis. We did it 1 year -- 1 quarter last year when it was a pretty big number. It's not that big as we're looking at this quarter.
Thomas Wilson: Let me see if I can deal with that. So I'm going to go up in a minute. So it's really the question of we. And so who is we, Josh? So we as now Allstate and NatGen, as opposed to we was Allstate without experience in nonstandard.  So you may remember when we got started on NatGen, I went to Barry Karfunkel and said, hey, Barry, I got this problem, I'm not making any money in the independent agent business, and I'm not really in the nonstandard business. So I either have to get out of the business or try to fix it, I had trouble fixing it. So I've decided I'd like to get out of it, but I'm going to get out of it first by buying you, and then your team can fix our business, and that's exactly what's played out.  Peter Randell and that team are really good at nonstandard. They know their business well. They run separately. They have separate pricing, separate claims, they know that business well. And then they took our Encompass business, which was more a standard business, and they're folding that in.  And so we think we have a great opportunity to expand in the independent agent channel, not just for the nonstandard piece but in what's affectionately called, I guess, the Robinson is quite progressive because we're really in that segment. And we think there's a great opportunity for us to compete there.
Thomas Wilson: Yes. It's not that hard to understand, Josh. It's more difficult to build a set of business processes, policy documents, procedures and relationships with agents to note. So they -- for example, they were on something called the WAR Score where they look at every individual agent and see what kind of business they're getting for them.  So it isn't -- like if it's got wheels on it, and it's got losses and that stuff is not that complicated. What's really complicated is building the business model to do it. And we are highly confident that they know what they're doing.  All right. First, as we move forward, we clearly, based on your comments and the amount of time, we're focused on auto insurance. We're going to get those margins up. We still got to make sure we make good money in homeowners, expand on our Protection services and at the same time, rebuild its digital insurer called transformer growth of that when we get margins where we are, we can hit the accelerator hard on profitable growth and drive more shareholder value.  So thank you all, and we'll talk to you on investments in September.
Glenn Shapiro: Sure. Greg, on the loss cost piece of it, I know there's been some opinion out there that maybe the worst is behind us and the inflation will slow or just listening to other calls out there. We're not sure of that, and we certainly want to have the rate outpace the loss trends.  One thing I'll say is when you look at our frequency trend, I think this is a unique time in history where typically frequency is harder to predict than severity. And I think the opposite is true right now. Our frequency has been really, really steady. You look at it from the low points of the pandemic up to where it is now, it is just steadily crept back up but has leveled out in that creep, and we have good data and expectation that it remains below the pre-pandemic levels, but continues to rise slightly as it has.  And on the other side, severity, it's a big wild card out there, I think, in all industries right now as to how long and how severe inflation runs with the actions of the Fed and anything else out there, we're taking the conservative viewpoint that we need a lot more rate in order to offset that.  So I mentioned in the prepared remarks, a couple of places where we're having trouble on it, and we're working through it. But broadly, I will tell you, it's gone very well in that the regulators we work with, good relationships across the country, and we're getting some meaningful rates going through the pipeline right now, and they understand.  I mean the math is on our side, and we need to get those rates in to offset those future rate trends because as the slide depicts, if you froze time and loss costs didn't move, we would earn our way right to the mid-90s combined ratio over the coming quarters, but that isn't the case. We need additional rate to offset those loss trends.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. And I'll just build on that because it's exactly right. It really is -- it's segments within states, it's markets within states, and it's even channels. I mean look at the fact that right now, National General is performing quite well, both from a growth and a profit standpoint. And so we can position based on where we can be profitable, whether it's channel, market, segment of risk, and that's kind of how we're thinking about new business.  We -- to put it very simply, we don't want to write new business that we're not profitable on. And it's not as simple as looking at, you can see in our disclosures, the number of states where we're above 100 or above 96. And because it's -- that's the rearview mirror.  The prospective view is where we've already gotten rates. And in some of the states that we feel good about the price we're putting on for new business and we'll grow in those.  To answer your specific question, New Jersey would be another place that we're working hard on and need to get more rate. But the vast majority of states across the country, we've been working through, and we're in good shape in.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. I would just add, it really is about timing and about which states go through. So like if you look at the amount we filed per state, we really haven't backed off at all, David, it is the states that went through in that cycle. It just -- they aren't as large. And so the countrywide impact when you do a medium or smaller state population-wise is lesser than the big states.  We have some very large states going through the pipeline right now. And I think you'll see that timing level itself out, and it's why we're able to say to you that we are seeking more rate in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. We have some very large states with meaningful rate increases going through.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, I will. Well, David, you're getting a good detailed answer there from Tom and after me, you like hit the daily double here because it is a really good question and an important one.  I want to take you back and kind of look at it over the 18 months that we've owned NatGen and since the closing of that deal, and it's a good time frame to use because 18 months is the time it takes to earn out the full annualized premium changes also.  So you go back to first quarter 2021, and this would be true, by the way, not only of comparison of Allstate brand and NatGen but Allstate to other competitors, like Tom was talking about. Allstate was running a combined ratio about 10 points lower. And the reason for that was the frequency was lower, frequency on more nonstandard or near nonstandard business came back much quicker as people needed to use their cars to make a living, and there was just a difference between different books of business.  And so as a result, the good news was for the Allstate brand was that is a really low combined ratio. It's around 80. The bad news is in the current state would be to say that, well, when you're running at that level, you need to take rates now. I mean you can't sustain and even in some places, require you to refile your rates, you can't sustain that level that far below target combined ratios.  And National General, on the other hand, was still taking a maintenance level of rates up over that period of time. So now flash forward to today, their frequency down while all states is up. And then you've got a higher average earned premium going through.  And I mentioned before the $1.7 billion of premium that we have already in the system, not only filed but approved and already like renewing on policies that hasn't been earned yet, we've actually only earned 15% of the premium that's been raised through this cycle. So we get 85% of it out there still left to be earned, whereas National General is earning off of a base, plus they didn't have the hole to fill, so to speak, of the negative rates that, again, we appropriately took because when you're running an 80 combined ratio, but you got to fill that up to get back to par and then go up from there. So there's a difference in the average earned premium that's a few points to the differences, one.  Two, there's a few points difference on the frequency levels right now. Three, and this is a really important one when you're looking across companies is the risks are different and the policies are different. So as you think about the inflationary factors and how they're hitting different policies, National General, even inside their own book, it's really fascinating.  If you look at their full coverage policies versus their liability-only policies, they're running about 10 points different on trend in their combined ratio. Because if you think about a liability-only policy, you don't have collision, which is the highest inflationary trend of any coverage right now, one. Two, you tend to have very low liability limits, so on things like, let's say, property damage. If you have a state minimum of $10,000 of property-liability coverage and you hit somebody's car and you total it, whether it's before the inflation factors that were hitting us or after, you're probably just going to pay that $10,000. And the inflation, there's a computation to that inflation. Whereas when you typically have $100,000 limits, you're bearing the full weight of the change in the value of vehicles.  So looking at all these components, we see just a lot of different ways, and I didn't even get into state mix, which is another one, a lot of different ways that the trends move differently. The nice thing is having acquired NatGen, and it's performing really well, it's growing nicely, it's profitable, is that it's really acting right now as a bit of a diversification on that auto trend and gives us a place where we are able and willing to grow.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So I'll give you a few like you've got underwriting actions where we segment the business and we segment our pricing to where, as Tom said earlier, it isn't just about, geez, we're going to not write new business in this market, let's say, it's, well, we're profitable in these segments and not those other ones. So we're going to change the segmentation of our pricing, would be one.  Another would be, we changed the down payment on policies and expect that there's a change in the flow of business at times with that. Certainly, the targeting of marketing is a really big one that I think can be underplayed, but we're pretty sophisticated in how we go to market.  So when and where are we putting up banner ads when people are searching for auto insurance, which risk categories, which markets? And flat out, we've taken a lot of marketing dollars out right now. We're just reducing the marketing that we're doing: one, it will improve expense; two, it will lower the new business flow and allow us to more quickly get back to profitability; and then the last one I'll say is the sales incentives that are out there with our agents about how we're incentivizing people to grow and in which places.  So when you put all of that together and you look at how you're going to market, you're really limiting in some places, the ability to grow your business with your intent of being not growing in nonprofitable segments.
Glenn Shapiro: So yes. So I'll start with -- let me just emphatically say we are not behind on claims staff, and we are not behind on claims. Our pending looks good. And we're in good shape there. The expenses that we took out of the claims process, the team has done a really terrific job of automating processes, creating good self-service capabilities, using a lot of virtual estimating capability. With the slowdown we talked about in the system is really external, and everybody is dealing with this part of it. And this would be uniform across the industry.  So, for example, shop capacity is way down. The staffing level in body shops across the repair industry is down to the point where there's been a 33% decline in the number of hours worked per car per day. So you think about a car sitting in a shop and historically is 4 hours a day, it got work done, now it's 3 hours a day or a little less than 3 hours a day.  So it's moved materially on that. Not surprisingly, the converse of that is that the average car time in a shop has doubled, and the average time to get a car into a shop has more than doubled. So you put all of those together and consumers are, frankly, just choosing to hold on to the check and wait to fix their drivable car until a time they think they can get it back in some reasonable time.  And so we're seeing a way elongated repair cycle that then you get your supplements later and you just have a different dynamic in the way the financials are coming through. And it's -- like I said in the prepared remarks, we had planned for it being about 40% greater than any point prior, and it turned out to be even higher than that with the way it delayed coming through. So I just didn't want the question to miss the chance to tell you, it is not claim staffing. We've got plenty of staff, and our team does a terrific job on it.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, absolutely. So using our scale as a company, we've doubled down on some of our parts suppliers, and this is both in home and auto, by the way, where we become a large and in some cases, the largest in the industry buyer of certain materials, whether it's parts in auto or roofing and homeowners or flooring, and we get the benefit of those broader relationships and trends.  We've also doubled down on our direct repair shop, network in auto, so that we can get our customers access to more shops that can take their car and we have a better one-to-one relationship with that network and are able to control costs in that way.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. The only thing I would add there is it's that base level of premium we're getting that isn't great. It's the inflationary factors that really keeps us going in that space. It's just a different type of products. Home values go up, and replacement costs go up. Cars, other than recent history, tend to not go up. So it's a different type of product in that way.  So when you look at an average premium up over 13% year-over-year, it's a mix of rate in that. But to your point, Paul, like we've got to get rate there, it's not as heavy as it is in auto, but we deal with the same regulators.  And I always go back to, it's the math. Like we're not making up these rates, and they're not looking to make up a reason not to do the rates in most cases. It's the math. Does the math support a trend that says you need rate? And we've been successful in that space.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. No, we're -- I would say it is materially different. We like where we are in homeowners. That's obviously not universal. I mean, there's -- from a risk standpoint, from a catastrophe-prone standpoint, everything, there's obviously a lot of underwriting we do. It's one of the strengths we have. And homeowners is that we know how to underwrite this business to make money over time and protect a good balance set of customers in such a way that, that portfolio works.  But we are not in an equal or even that similar position in homeowners as auto right now in spite of the inflation. We're in a very good position to continue to write and grow homeowners.
