Thomas Joseph Wilson: Elyse, thanks for the question. It's obviously something we've looked at. I'll give you just a quick overview and then Glenn can take you through the specifics of the quarter. The homeowners business continues to generate really attractive returns for us. So, 88 combined ratio, $574 million of underwriting income over the last 12 months. Obviously, amounts move in between various categories, whether that's catastrophes or other related losses, and you have a lot of volatility embedded deep in homeowners. The net of all that, though, is we're very comfortable with the business and to the extent we have to raise price in various states, we will do that. Glenn can talk about the specific of the quarter.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Elyse, I would answer that. We don't really project what the rates will be. We react to what cost and trends are and so we're adjusting as necessary. And we're getting a really good return in the auto business today, we like that returns and so we're growing the business. So, we're comfortable with the overall profitability. And as whether frequency doesn't continue, go down or severity goes up a little more, we factor all of that in. As you know, the paid numbers that you see in the supplement are up this quarter, but that's really only one little component we use to establish profitability and we feel good about the results that we have.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Sure, Greg. Let me answer it in a couple of different ways. First, we feel very good about the returns we're getting in the business and that the results this year are in line with what we expected. So, as you know, we don't give earnings guidance, but as a result of that, you all have to make estimates. To help you do that, we give you an underlying combined ratio, but that's only one part of the picture. And then, what we do is give you a whole bunch of detailed information under that to enable you to even make a more specific pick. And I think in some ways that it's necessary, we believe we need to be fully transparent, but in another ways we can kind of sometimes drag it down into the micro. So, your question is really about the macro. And when you look at the auto insurance business, so the combined ratio of 93, that's a 7 point pre-tax margin. In addition, given the timing of the claim payouts, you get a little investment income on top of that. When your premium to surplus ratio can run above 3 to 1, you can do the math relatively quickly and on an after tax basis, that's a really high return on capital at 93 or any other number. And so we're about creating shareholder value. We feel good about that. The components change over time and that's both within a line and then, as you point out, across the line. That's why we give you an underlying combined ratio for the whole company. But the bottom line is, all that is very good. There are things that happened that you see in the numbers that I'm sure caused you some issues. So when you look at the paid severity, for example, on property damage, that's up, and we're watching up, what I would tell you is that's just one component that's paid. We don't actually book to pays. We book to what we think the number will be. That then helped to us, but we're actually booking at a slightly higher level than you would see in paid because property damage is only 12% of premiums anyway. So, by giving you that information, what I can tell you is we feel good about the profitability of auto insurance. We feel good about its outlook going forward and we've shown an ability over time to adjust and get attractive returns on capital. Not included in that, sometimes when you're looking forward, what are the positive that don't show up in that investor supplement, in higher interest rates should help raise that investment component for auto insurance going forward. So, we feel good about our ability to generate a good return from the auto business. The homeowner business is slightly different, and it really does build on Elyse's question, which is – so we have a 12 point margin in homeowners insurance. You don't get as much investment income because obviously you pay the claims out a lot faster, but – and it requires a little higher capital. That said, with the margin that's 5 points higher than auto insurance, it still also generates a really attractive return on capital and we feel good about that business. And while it bounces around a lot between the components, which we show you and you see and we talk about because we have – we benefit from a lot of – from little turnover in our analyst core and you know auto business really well, so as a result of that, sometimes we get dragged down into the micro pieces that I would say, let's come up a little bit. And that's a really high return on capital in the homeowners business. And I would point out is, over the last year, it's 13 points higher, the margin, which then a big competitor of ours who is growing quite rapidly and everybody is excited about, and we're like, well, like you should be excited if you're growing a business that's making a good return, not for sure, if you're not making a great return. So we feel good about our current returns, we feel good about our competitive position and we expect to stay there going forward.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: So if you look it on an Encompass perspective, we're growing our new business off a very low base. We took a lot of strong actions in order to right size the business given profitability and shrunk the business. So now, we have over half the states in the country and a little under half of our premium in those states are now in a growth mode. We're trying to balance profitability and growth. And we're still trying to manage profitability in half the country. In terms of PIF, obviously, we're still going down, but we're going down a lesser rate now, so we feel good on...
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I got too many Es. So Encompass, obviously, if you look at the premium is now stabilized. We're still going down in (33:22). We think that that is slowly getting better as that decline is being reduced. So from Esurance perspective obviously, we're having really good results. We have, as you noted, new business is going up quite high. It's very similar to Allstate. Our retention has done very well for us, which is driving a fair amount of that growth, but we're also, because of new advertising campaign and we think a strong price competitiveness in the marketplace, we are situated very well to continue grow that business.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah. So if you look at commercial lines, virtually all of the increase in written premium for the quarter and for the year is due to the relationship with Uber. And that, we had started with three states last March. We added New York at the end of the second quarter, or early beginning of the third quarter. So you see the, I believe, $58 million roughly of premium in the third quarter. It's how we look out over the next couple of quarters at least. We feel really good about that business. We've established a good relationship with the management and we believe we're getting good driver scores and all as we look at our performance in terms of claims with the underlying Uber drivers. So we feel good about where that business is and we would love to continue to grow that business over time.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I would come back to the conversation we were having with Greg and Elyse, which is our mission is to earn a excellent return on capital for our shareholders on all of our lines. We have done that on auto insurance for a long period of time. When something happens that's unexpected, we take actions pretty quickly and focusing first on protecting returns, second on growth. That's kind of been our mantra. So I don't really see any change in that going forward. So we don't – it's about getting good returns for shareholders. And as these pieces bounce around, Glenn actually mentioned to me, it's a little bit like having investment portfolio, some pieces go up, some pieces go down, but in total, we're getting you a good total return on auto insurance and we expect to continue to do that.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Mike, you should expect the penetration to go up over time. We're pushing hard at it. We have a series of efforts underway in the Allstate and Esurance brands to do that aggressively. We'd like to move that into the Encompass brand as well. We want to do that first and foremost, because it's really good for the customers. We can give them a more specific price for them. So, for example, right now, you estimate where somebody's driving based on where the car is garaged. With telematics we can determine exactly where you drive not just where it's parked. There are other things that we've expanded the telematics offering to include Milewise. So if you live in New Jersey and you haven't seen our ads, as you come across the ferry or in the subway, I'm like really depressed, because people like to – some people like to pay by the mile. They have to pay to have the car covered in case like something happens to it or something steals while it just sitting, but then some people like to pay by the mile. So it gives us the ability to give a highly specific, individualized price tailored to how they want to use their car. We're also using it to improve the driving experience. So that includes everything, like just telling them how to be a safer driver, to maybe some location-based offers to them, car health stuff that we're working on, you heard about the Life360 stuff that Mario mentioned. So we expect to use telematics at an increased rate. Now, it's not that easy to get from just offering it to getting it used. So we have a number of ways in which we do that. We were first in the market with the mobile app, which is the easiest, lower customer barrier to use. It doesn't enable you to connect the car though due to (41:32) So we'll work through that. We do not pay special incentives to agency owners to get them do it because we believe this is in our customers best interest. But getting them from saying yes to getting them to be connected requires a different set of processes. And we do that differently at Esurance than we do at Allstate, but you should expect that number to continue to go up. I believe that in the future, this will be the primary driver of insurance pricing in auto insurance because it's every bit as powerful as credit. And those who have been hanging around auto insurance like I have for a while, credit sort of ripped through the industry and pricing in the early part of the 2000. And this is a little harder to implement because it requires a customer to do something rather than just buying data from TransUnion or some like that, but it's equally as powerful. So it will happen
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Let me make a general comment about how we think about capital and Mario can talk about specifically about auto insurance. So, over the last decade, we've built a highly sophisticated set of econometric models to help us determine capital at the individual risk level, even below auto insurance, rolling all the way up to the entire company. So we start with individual risk on a individual basis. Then, there's all kind of diversifications, covariance, all kind of stuff that comes into the numbers. And we use that to price homeowners insurance in Louisiana. We use it. So we're constantly looking at it. Mario can talk about the work we're doing on capital because that is something we have had a long track record on, which is effectively sourcing capital whether that be cat bonds, perpetual preferred or anything else, so we look at it in a lot of different ways.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: First, the new business is not always new cars. So some renewals are newer cars and obviously, some new business, there are older cars. So we do do make and model pricing. Glenn can talk about the new to renewal loss ratio relative to...
Thomas Joseph Wilson: ... if we look at – evaluate the profitability of new business. And then, I would say, as it relates to the future, I would come back to the part of – like, if we see it, we price for it.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, Well, first, we go where the customer goes. So, where the customer wants to be, that's where we'll be. And, as you know, we have four different approaches to doing that. Those who want to go to a local agency do via Allstate and a branded product. Those who want to do direct, Esurance. And those who want to go through independent agency, don't really care about the brand, go to Encompass. And then, we don't talk much about Answer Financial, which is our online aggregator, which I believe is probably the biggest in the country or if it's not the biggest, it's second biggest. And we've been using Arity's data to make it a two-sided advertising platform. So, we have some work to do. So, we will go wherever the customer wants to go. As it relates to Amazon, SquareTrade is a major player on the Amazon platform, protection policy. So, it's a good piece of business for us. We like working with them. We know how to compete aggressively by changing prices every 15 seconds or something there, we need to. So we're open to doing it whichever way. And I would say, what we've tried to do, Amit, is build a model that's flexible, that leverages those core capabilities that they're in middle of those two ovals and use them to go wherever we want. So, if you look at the transportation network companies, our claims experience is of great value to those companies because we're really good at claims, particularly bodily injury claims. And so we're happy to sell insurance to Uber and thrilled about it, and like the partnership and like to grow it. So we'll go wherever the customer goes.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah, advertising. Well, it's different by brand, right. So, Esurance has dialed up their advertising spend this quarter. And as Steve (51:35) mentioned, that's led to really good results. We're up 7% in units over last year. We like that. We've also launched new advertising in the Allstate brand and the early read on that advertising is it's effective, and we like it. So, as that works, we'll roll out. Now, I would say, that the spend is one thing to think about, but it's also like where do you spend and how do you spend. And that's where you can increase your effectiveness and your efficiency and where we use a lot of math to decide, should it be on TV, where you and everybody else sees it or is it better in a highly specific and a targeted lead or ad that we buy. So, we look at it in total. For competitive reasons, we don't give out ad spend on a forward-looking basis. I would say we like what we see. We want to keep growing. So you probably won't see it come down, how about that.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, I think it will, obviously, if it leads to increased consumption of cannabis, that obviously will impact accidents. And we've seen that a little bit in the states where it has been rolled out. It's a little hard to distinguish. You can't really tell how much of it is because somebody smoked a joint and how much because it was icy outside. But it does appear to have a positive impact being a negative, like increased (53:26) frequency. Unclear on severity just yet. And so we'll price for it. When it's legal, whatever is legal is legal. I think the bigger issue there is from a fairness in society standpoint, if somebody is driving under the influence of alcohol or other drugs, the person who is hurt is supposed to be taken care of by that person who caused the problem. And with drunk driving, it's relatively easy with breathalyzers to tell at this moment in time, the person was inebriated and therefore, that led to the cause, and so that then leads to damages, some of which we have to pay for because we're insuring those people, some of which are things that happened to our customers and we have to spend them in court, which we do to make sure they get the right amount of money back. The more complicated piece on cannabis is there's not an immediate test when someone's driving. So, you can't blow into a breathalyzer and tell whether somebody is under the influence of cannabis. So, we'd like to see some science brought to bear on it. I'm sure science can solve the problem. But if we've decided as a society that it's legal to use these drugs, then we should make sure that the infrastructure around making sure people are held accountable for their individual actions is improved.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: No. It's really hard to do, Bob, as you know. You can look at, the underlying combined ratio excludes cat, it's up. It's up and for a whole variety of reasons, some of which is weather. But to determine weather, that was the rainstorm in Des Moines, or what that would have been last year and how that related to the prior three or four years, we've not done. It's really impossible to do. What we have said is the business earns an 88 combined ratio, a 12 point margin, really good returns. And we feel comfortable with it.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: And when we need to raise price, we raise price by state, like it's – not every state the time. Like there are some states where we need to raise homeowner prices, other places where we're earnings even better than average returns.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I mean, I would look at what happened in 2015 and 2016 as a way to get an estimate of that. You saw it tick up quickly then, you saw how quickly we could act. And I think we've learned some. I think actually, if we were to relive that story again, we'd spread the rate a little differently. And I think it would – probably we would have less decrease in the number of units, but we moved about as quickly as you can move, given the regulatory environment in that period of time.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Okay. Thank you all for participating. Another great quarter for us where our strategy is working, we're achieving our operating priorities and we're going to keep driving shareholder value. So, we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you. Bye.
Glenn T. Shapiro: Yeah. Thanks, Tom. Yeah, I'll just add on that. It's interesting if you look at the weather patterns for the year and we mentioned in the last quarter that we were at the upper end of our underlying target that we have for homeowner and then we went a little bit above that this quarter. There is some shift between catastrophe, non-catastrophe losses. If you look at the overall weather events, we got a similar number of weather events during the year, but more of them are not triggering a catastrophe rating and few of them are triggering catastrophe. We see there's some shift between those. Said another way and put kind of simply, we got more rain and less hail this year. And as an overall result, we produced like in the quarter an 88 combined ratio, which is pretty favorable, but we see some shift between those numbers. It is something we're keeping an eye on. We do have areas of the country, as you know, we take rate views state-by-state, we have areas that we do have need and we are moving on those needs for rate in those local markets, but broadly we feel, as Tom said, very comfortable with our overall profitability in homeowners.
Glenn T. Shapiro: Yeah, this is Glenn. I'll answer for Allstate. We like where we are from a growth perspective and it kind of ties into your last question, Tom's answer too, because what gets lost when we're talking about the returns and everything is we're getting more competitive as this moves in and we are winning in the marketplace. So when you look at the year-over-year growth, whether it's the 2% in auto or the 1.2% in home, both of those are being driven right now about 60% by retention. So we're keeping customers that we fought hard to attract in the first place. And about 40% of it is being driven by the increase in applications that you refer. So it's actually a heavier drift from the retention component. But the new business coming in, very favorable as well and it's a result of us being more competitive. I'm not sure if that split answers your question, but that's where we're seeing it come from.
Glenn T. Shapiro: Yes. Thank you. This is Glenn. So it is in line with our expectation and it's interesting. As Tom said before, when you think about what you see in our release on a quarterly basis, the paid severity, last quarter, you saw 3.7. We look at a lot of different trends underneath that. We're breaking down all the different coverages between property damage, collision, comprehensive, we're breaking down parts and labor and future trends, and we're booking to a number beyond that. So, when the shift between the second and third quarter from a 3.7 to 7.7, we really see it in a more smooth basis of looking at it. It's about 5 or a little over 5 for the full year. Now, that compares to a longer-term trend for both the industry and Allstate closer to 4. So it is elevated. Like, we do see some pressure across the industry in the property damage lines. And what's moving the physical damage is higher repair costs, which is in the disclosure and John mentioned earlier with more sophisticated cars, with more expensive parts and then also an elevation in total losses. And those two things are connected because what has happened is repairs have accelerated a little faster than the values of cars. So naturally, if the repairs go up more than the cost of the cars, then you trigger total loss on more vehicles. And again, it's something we've seen across the industry. And the key for you, I think, is it's baked into our numbers. So when you see our combined ratios, it's in there, our projection to what we're seeing from an ultimate loss trend standpoint.
Glenn T. Shapiro: Yeah. Thank you, Amit. Taking a couple of different ways here. One, just from the balance of new business or balance of growth that we're getting, I'll again say, 60% of our growth is being driven by retention. So that's a really balanced way to grow, 40% is based on new business. And when we look at the new business from a risk profile, we feel good about where we are from the type of risk we're bringing on, the full coverage, the bundled policies and the risk trades that we bring on. So, all of those have been favorable to our expectations. So, as we look at new to renewal, it's performing as we expected and we're very comfortable with the growth. In terms of your comments on newer cars, as we look at data – and it is one of the things we look relative to all of our trends. How many cars we have in each cohort? The average car in the car park out there right now is about 11.5 years old. So, that moves over time, every year, it moves forward about a year. And what we're actually seeing is we're right in line with what you'd expect. Every year, we get about a year newer. It just moves exactly about the way you expect it to move and we're not seeing major shifts along those lines.
