Steven E. Shebik: Thanks, Pat. Turning to Slide 11. As we discussed last quarter, our strategy is for Allstate Financial to become more integrated with the Allstate brand's customer value proposition. Expanding Allstate customer relationships to Allstate Financial's products and services will further our agents' positioning as trusted advisers. Allstate Financial results for the quarter and full year are highlighted on the top of this slide. Premiums and contract charges declined by 8.3% in 2014 due to the sale of Lincoln Benefit Life. Excluding 2013 LBL results, Allstate Financial grew premiums and contract charges by 2.8% over the prior year. Operating costs declined by 17.5% or $99 million for the full year 2014, the result of actions to improve strategic focus and modernize the operating model. Operating income for the year was $607 million, 31.7% higher than 2013 when excluding the impact of the LBL disposition, due primarily to strong limited partnership income, lower expenses and profitable growth at Allstate Benefits. The chart on the bottom of this page shows the change in reserves and contractholder funds from year-end 2007 to year-end 2014. As you can see, Allstate Financial's product liabilities have been reduced by over 50% since 2007 due to actions taken to reduce exposure to spread-based annuity products along with the sale of Lincoln Benefit Life. Select estimated historical results for Lincoln Benefit Life are provided on our investor supplement to provide you with further context. Shifting to investments on Slide 12. Our total portfolio return on the top was 1.1% for the fourth quarter, bringing total return for the full year 2014 to 5.8%. You can see that the valuation impact varies from quarter to quarter, primarily with changes in interest rates, while the income yield has been relatively constant. The lower half of the slide provides the investment income and yield for the Property-Liability in Allstate Financial portfolios. The Property-Liability interest-bearing yield in the lower-left graph reflects the impact of duration shortening in 2012 and 2013 and ongoing investment in the current low-interest-rate environment. The interest-bearing portfolios yield is close to current market yields and will respond more quickly to changes in interest rates as a result of this shorter maturity profile. Moving to the Allstate Financial portfolio in the lower right. The interest-bearing portfolio yield is higher and is more stable than the Property-Liability segment due to its longer duration and because portfolio cash flows had been used largely to fund reductions in our annuity obligations. In addition, total investment income reflects the impact of the LBL disposition in the second quarter of 2014 and the previously mentioned reduction in annuities. Both the Property-Liability and Allstate Financial portfolio total yields illustrate the variability in income that may result from limited partnership and other equity investments. As we've discussed in prior quarters, we expect these investments to increase returns in both portfolios, but results may vary from period to period. Slide 13 provides an overview of our capital position and shareholder returns as of year-end 2014. We continue to be in a strong capital position, a reflection of excellent earnings and a proactive approach to managing our balance sheet. Book value per common share reached $48.24, increasing 6.5% since year-end 2013. Operating income return on equity was 12.6% for the year, reflecting the impact of lower operating income and a higher equity base. Cash return to shareholders is shown in the upper-right graph. Shareholders received cash returns of $368 million in the fourth quarter as we repurchased 251 million of common shares to the settlement of our second accelerated share repurchase program in open market purchases and paid $117 million in common stock dividends. Total common shareholder cash returns for the year were $2.78 billion and included quarterly dividends to $750 million accelerated share repurchase programs and open market share repurchases. As of December 31, 2014, $336 million remained under the company's $2.5 billion share repurchase program authorized last February. We expect to finish this program in the first quarter of this year. Yesterday, the board continued its practice of returning excess capital to shareholders by increasing the dividend and approving a new share repurchase program. The common dividend was raised 7% to $0.30 per common share for the first quarter of 2015. In addition, a $3 billion share repurchase program was approved for execution through July 2016. With $3.4 billion of invested assets at the holding company and a debt-to-capital ratio below 19%, we have the financial capacity both to grow our businesses and execute these programs. Now let's open up the call for your questions.
Steven E. Shebik: Yes. So we execute our share buybacks a number of ways, one, open market purchases obviously. A second that we've used the last couple of years are accelerated share repurchase programs, and when you see the bumps between quarters, it's generally because of the accelerated share repurchase buybacks. Those are front-end loaded essentially. So the particular one in the last half of the year, we entered into, after our second quarter earnings, $750 million program, provided 4.5 months of buyback for the investment bank that executed that for us. So over that period of time, in the third quarter, you saw roughly $1 billion of buybacks. In the fourth quarter, you saw $250 million. And that's because we gave the $750 million to the investment bank back at the beginning of the program. They bought back. They effectively gave us a significant portion of the stock they will buy back under that program over the next 4.5 months. We recorded that in the third quarter. And in the fourth quarter, we just have a settle up, which happened in mid-December, which is about $100 million -- a little bit about $100 million and 1.6 million shares, something like that. That's why you saw such a low number in the fourth quarter. Same phenomenon happened in the earlier in the year, if you remember, in the first quarter to second quarter.
Steven E. Shebik: So I'll keep -- this is Steve. I'll keep this simple for you. The -- at the end of the year, we mark our pension liabilities to the current interest rate discount -- what we call the discount rate liabilities at 12/31. So the discount rate this year-end 12/31/2014 was almost the same as it was 2 years ago. So what happened is we got a benefit in 2013, and we gave it back at the end of 2014. Secondly, we alone with every other public company, I believe, are adopting new mortality assumptions that the Society of Actuaries issued in October. So that, for financial reporting purposes, increased our liability also. You will -- we will -- we have not and we will not put that in their actual employee calculations until the IRS adopts that same program probably in a couple of years. Those are the 2 principal changes you saw. The Society of Actuaries change -- I don't remember when was it was last changed, the mortality assumptions, but it was well more than a decade ago.
Steven E. Shebik: More than a decade ago. So that happens every decade or so. The discount rate changes every year. So if rates go down at the end of next year, you'll have another increase. If rates go up, you'll get a benefit like we did in 2013.
Steven E. Shebik: Nothing other than normal funding considerations we would consider the normal cost of the plan. And over time with this mortality assumption change, we'll probably have to fund more in the plan potentially given the investment returns we get in the assets.
Thomas J. Wilson: All right. Well, thank you, Josh. It's a good question. I'll provide some overview, and then I'll ask Kathy to talk a little bit about Encompass and Don to talk a little about Esurance. First, you're absolutely correct that those 2 businesses -- obviously, the math shows you that they don't generate the same amount of underwriting income as we get from the Allstate brand, and that is one of the reasons why we slowed the growth, is we want to diversify our profit sources amongst those. That said, we have different opportunities in the 2 areas, and we're investing differently in each of those. So -- but let me first talk about -- the Allstate brand is also a growth opportunity, as you can see from this quarter's results, and we can get back into that later if other people have questions. But I don't want people to feel like that's -- you saw we're adding agencies. The growth is picking up across product lines, so that's a good growth vehicle for us as well. The combination of all 3 of those brands gives us really a way to compete aggressively with people on a whole variety of fronts. And so managing those as a portfolio is important both from a go-to-market standpoint, a strategic standpoint and obviously, a financial standpoint. As it relates to Encompass, it is focused on the mass affluent. We need to raise returns in both of the auto and property businesses. The property business actually has a decent combined ratio relative to 100, but it doesn't have a good enough combined ratio relative to the returns we think it needs to have given the long-term volatility in that business. It bumps around a little more in terms of its profitability than you would see in the Allstate brand because it is geographically concentrated east of the Mississippi rather than across the country, so -- which sometimes confuses people as to why its results are down. But it had, obviously, high catastrophe losses this year, and they need to price for that. And Kathy can talk about specifically what they're doing to improve profitability. And as you would expect, a by state and by line kind of issue for us because we run this -- we try to manage this business as we do our other businesses at a local level. The Esurance story is slightly different. That is a good growth opportunity. We believe we can continue to pick up share in that business, and we're willing to invest profitability from around the company to do that. So if you look at our advertising expense, it's relatively high compared to competitors in the direct space. So you might see people spending about 10% in the direct space towards premiums on a sustainable basis. We're in the high teens, high end, so we're okay investing that additional money to drive growth as long as we believe that the returns on a long-term basis are attractive because then it's just a math problem in terms of how the accountants count up the profitability. We look at the cash returns on everything we do. So we think the returns -- we know the returns are above our cost of capital, but we think they can be better, particularly when we compare them to what we're doing by state in the Allstate brand. So Don and the Esurance team are working to both improve that underlying loss ratio and then manage the growth, but the combination of those 2 has brought its growth down, and we're starting to see the benefits to loss ratio, so -- but Don can give you some specifics. Kathy, why don't we start with Encompass? And then let's go to Esurance.
Thomas J. Wilson: Josh, I think you should assume we will always invest in those things that are long term. We have both the earning power and the capital to invest in things like telematics to try to figure out how to grow in the aggregated channel, what we call, Integrated Digital Enterprise, which is about redoing our system with digitization and sort of straight-through processing. Not such though that those get -- we assume we have to cover that for our shareholders -- cover that with our shareholders, still deliver the profitability and invest for the future, but we don't really have projections as to what that will do for either top line or the bottom line in the short term. But know that we continue to invest for the long term because we recognize that if we don't do something today, we might me unhappy 3 or 4 years from now.
Thomas J. Wilson: Mike, thank you for the question. Matt has been waiting anxiously for your question because he spent untold number of hours over the last, really, 3 months since we saw a tick-up in October. So we were on this early, and he can give you all the specifics.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yes. Mike, let me give you a -- start with the second one first, and then Steve can give you some specifics on ASRs and the impacts. So first, as it relates to the share buyback, the $2.5 billion that we're -- we'll be competing this first quarter, you'll remember when we set that out, there was $2.5 billion over 18 months, and we'll clearly be done with it a lot sooner than that. So we've been buying shares back aggressively and ahead of schedule because we have the capital both in the company and at the holding company level. Steve can talk about the impact. I know you had a question on the fourth quarter rate, so he can help you sort through that piece. And as it relates to holding company cap, we think about capital for the whole company, and we try to have -- to the extent the capital and the cash is at the holding company, we have more flexibility with that. So we have a process of having -- moving it up as often and frequently as we can. If it needs to go down to a subsidiary, like it has in the past, then we do that. If the subsidiaries are appropriately capitalized, then we like to keep somewhere around $1 billion up there, which covers a year's worth of dividends and interest payments so that if anything were to happen in the subsidiaries. But we could obviously, given our debt capacity, run much lower than that, and so if we had a use for that capital, one way or the other, we could run with very little cash at the holding company. You want to talk about...
Thomas J. Wilson: Mike, let me maybe provide some economic perspective. Why would you use an accelerated share repurchase, right? So what happens is Steve writes a check to the investment bank. They give us a whole bunch of shares. Those go off of the share count, which, obviously, has an impact on your recorded shares, which helps with operating earnings per share. But that's not why we do it. We do it because it's economic. We don't do anything for bookkeeping around here. We -- other than keep the books well, as opposed to -- they’re looking at me like he's about to shoot me. But we do it because we essentially sell off the volatility. By entering into an ASR, we can sell off of the volatility, and we end up with a lower net economic cost of purchasing the shares.
Thomas J. Wilson: Vinay, this is Tom. To long-term trends, I'd point out what Matt -- and reiterate what Matt just said. If you look at our long-term profitability in auto insurance versus the industry, we're obviously in the upper quartile of that. There's about 3 companies that consistently make money. If you look at the homeowners business, the same thing is true, it's a different group of companies, and we were not in that category 10 years ago. We are in that category now with about 3 companies that make most of the money. And then if you look at fast-track results, which is an industry thing, over a long period of time, we show improvements versus the industry, so that supports that number. And if you look at pricing versus our competitors, Matt is exactly right. Our numbers always look like low single digits in total, obviously, bounces around a lot by state. Matt's had to take a lot of rate in. Your question really, if you ask Matt about Michigan, he'll give you a different answer than if you ask him about Wisconsin. The -- so -- but ours tend to be frequent and small. Some of our other competitors, particularly in the auto space, bump around a little more than we do.
Thomas J. Wilson: Vinay, I would say we're in that marketplace with the largest aggregator that there is today. So Answer Financial is the largest, at least, as far as we know. It's not really industry specific on that upper-right quadrant. It's not like there's a specific industry study on that. But Answer Financial does over $0.5 billion in premium for other companies. A lot of it is done online through the web or through the call centers. So it is -- it serves that self-serve aggregator customer, which would be the people purportedly that Google would be attempting to -- they've been talking about doing that for some time. We're in the marketplace. It's not as big a market as you would see in the U.K. and other places for a whole bunch of dynamics, which is a longer conversation. But I would say we're there and active.
Thomas J. Wilson: Let me have Matt deal with that because he's very happy that you asked the question and very happy with himself as am I.
Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, I would also encourage everybody to think about growth on a broad basis. So we tend to get into conversations about growth in auto because, obviously, it's our biggest line of business, and the public comparisons are easiest to make between us and other people because that's there. But if you look at -- Matt, is -- the work that's in auto, it's obviously, great. So we're growing, as Matt said, in a whole bunch of states. Homeowners business is also growing as well, and I think in 27 states, Matt, you're up in like 6 of the top 11 or something like that. So he's -- they're -- you're starting to see that grow, too. So as you think about growth, think about it from a customer standpoint, which is selling auto, homeowners, other property lines, which were up 2.1% last year. So this is about building the relationship which also leads to sustainability.
Thomas J. Wilson: We get claim counts daily, so let's just say we looked at it. We don't give out results, but it didn't -- we did know what the numbers were before we committed to 87-89.
Thomas J. Wilson: I think I would focus on the point Matt made, which is think of the system. We have a system of adapting, adjusting. It's local. It's centralized. And whatever happens, whether it's frequency, severity, mix of business, we're about doing a good job for our customers and making sure our shareholders are well compensated for that.
Thomas J. Wilson: So we did a cat bond this year because we thought it was cheaper than traditional reinsurance. We have looked at replacing some of our own capital with third-party capital. We look at that all the time. It just -- it's whether you use preferred stock or common stock or third-party alternative capital. We have a number of requirements that we have on that, which have not yet been resolved in terms of how to do it. But I can tell you that we continue to look at it quite aggressively. Those requirements are -- we need some stability in our pricing on behalf of our customers. We don't want to be out in the market every year trying to find $2 billion, $3 billion, $4 billion worth of capital and what are we going to charge our customers for it and have to run that through prices. Secondly, it has to meet our economic standards that it's a good trade for us. And then thirdly, there's a whole bunch of, what I would just say, legal accounting hurdles one has to get through so that it's displayed in the reported financials the way the economics are set up. Sometimes things show up as derivatives and stuff like that, and it just makes everybody's life more confusing because the financial structure doesn't show you the economics of that, which we got. So we're hard at work at it. I don't -- I think this is one of those things that develops over time. I think it is -- there's optionality in terms of our ability to further improve our return on capital, and -- but the -- I think the biggest driver will be if we can take some volatility out of the P&L, that should reduce our cost of capital. So if you look at the cost of capital for the auto insurance business, it would be lower than the cost of capital for the homeowners business. To extent Steve can find a way to access alternative capital, reduce volatility, maybe even reduce some of the capital we have in the business, that should not only free up capital, Sarah. It should also improve our PE. So we're hard at work on it. I don't think you expect to see anything in the short term because it is a complicated problem. But if there's -- we are spending a lot of time on it.
Thomas J. Wilson: You remember last year, we changed our pension benefits and put them all, everybody into the same plan, which had a substantial benefit to the balance sheet and ongoing operating.
Thomas J. Wilson: So let me close with 4 thoughts: So our strategy focusing on the unique value propositions is working. The Allstate Agency business has excellent prospects for profitable growth. Our business model being in all 4 segments is working as is the ability to have a broad product portfolio. We're seeing some of our competitors take similar -- try to do what we have built. Secondly, we are delivering sustainable growth and profitability. That's our operating expertise. The process is our culture of adapting. Third, we give outstanding cash returns to shareholders. And lastly, we are financially in an extremely strong position, which gives us the resources. We obviously have the will and the ability to continue to compete effectively. So thank you much. I will talk to you next quarter.
Matthew E. Winter: Thanks, Mike. Otherwise, I would feel like I had studied for the wrong question on a test. So let me give you some background. And first of all, both Tom and Pat touched on it in their opening remarks. First, at a high-level look at the seasonality that we always see with a combined ratio in the fourth quarter and when you look at Page 7 of the presentation, you'll see a fairly consistent spike in the fourth quarter. You see it clearly in 2010 and 2011. Recall that 2012 fourth quarter was Sandy, so some of the trends that normally appear were masked that quarter in cat. So there is some seasonality in the fourth quarter in the combined ratio. That's one. Second, as I believe Pat mentioned and I believe it was also highlighted in the release, when we talk about the uptick in frequency in the fourth quarter, we noted that there was an uptick in 2 out of the 3 months. It was an uptick in October and November that seemed to moderate, and we had the December that was more in line with prior trends. So we had a 2- out of 3-month tick-up. Third point is what's driving it and what's not driving it. Let me start with what's not driving it. Number one, we saw nothing to indicate that it's a quality-of-business issue or that it's being driven by growth, which is a natural question that you would have since I hope some time during the call we talk about the growth we're achieving in the auto business. And so with all that growth, you question is this somehow related. Well, we looked at new to renewal ratios. We looked at state mix ratio. We looked at rating plan relativities, and we saw nothing in there that would indicate that it was a quality-of-business or growth-related issue. So what is it likely related to? Well, we went back and looked historically over the last 7 to 8 years, and a couple of things emerged. First, 2 factors traditionally drive PD frequency, miles driven and precipitation, especially precipitation during peak driving times. Between those 2, miles driven has about roughly 3x the impact of precipitation. Within miles driven, the vast majority is driven by unemployment rate and a much smaller impact actually from gas prices. So I know that people tend to think that it's driven by gas prices, but really, it's driven by economic activity and the improvement in unemployment rates. In fact, 11 of the last 12 years with lower unemployment rates saw higher miles driven, and so we see a very, very close correlation there. On the BI side, it was elevated. Frequency was elevated, but I would remind you that we had abnormally favorable results in the fourth quarter of '13 because there were more low-impact collisions last year due to winter weather. So we had this dynamic last year, PD was up 1.4 and BI frequency was down 1.7. When you look at it over a 2-year basis and you take out some of that noise from prior year, PD and BI are much more consistent. PD is up 1.9 and BI, up 2.2. So we take all of that and we say, "So what do we do with all of that?" Well, what we do is what we do best as a company, which is continue to manage margins effectively using our combination of a centralized system and a decentralized rate management system. So we are taking our local market operating committee work, looking at what's emerging on a state-by-state and geography-by-geography level, and we take rate as needed. I know some of you believe that we've moderated our rate actions. I would just say that we stabilized our rate actions as we've gotten to the point where rates are more appropriate and we are in a better position to take smaller, more stable, more consistent rate as needed to follow trends, and that's exactly what we're doing. We're under no constraints. We can take rate if indicated and if we need to. And we will take rate if we need to and if the trends indicated. But we've been fortunate that we've been able to take moderately consistent rates, which has enabled us, I think, to compete more effectively with our peers. So I think the system is highly efficient at maintaining margins. I think we are reacting quickly. I think we are, I use a phrase, appropriately paranoid. I think we get paid to worry a lot and to focus intensely a lot, but in no way are we panicked or in no way are we concerned that it's a quality issue, and we'll continue to manage it the way we do and have done for many, many years.
Matthew E. Winter: We're confident that we have analyzed this to death, some might say. We understand the drivers. We understand the dynamics in the marketplace, and we know how to use the levers available to us to react to it to maintain margins.
Matthew E. Winter: Thanks, Vinay. First of all, it's really impossible to compare Allstate's results to competitor results. There's different books, different geographic locations, different starting points in history. And remember, a lot of what we're talking about is versus the prior year, so we all started in different places. So I can't talk about what other competitors might be experiencing and might not be and by what measures they are. I can say that precipitation and unemployment rates are not Allstate peculiar issues. They're environmental issues. So they may impact competitors differently based upon our geographic footprint, based upon where the precipitation occurred and based upon the books of business. But they're not going to be related specifically to the company. They're related to the general environment. So I would expect that we would see some indications and we have. I think most people have been attributing it to gas prices, to the miles driven, which I think is, as I said earlier, just a moderately important piece of this, while I think the unemployment rate is more significant. On the rate question, we'll take as much rate as we need to maintain margins as is indicated in each geography as appropriate. I don't tell you in advance because I don't know what will emerge. But you look at our history, you look at our quarterly history over the last many, many years, and we'll take rate as needed, and we maintain margins. We're quick to react. We're fortunate in that our structure allows us to take rate quickly, and it earns in quickly. And as a result, we don't have long-term dislocations between indications and reactions.
Matthew E. Winter: Yes. So thank you for noticing. Look, it's widespread and it's -- so we had -- we have 44 states that are growing year-over-year in IF growth and standard auto. And what's interesting about it to us is it's driven almost equally now by new business and retention trends, so it's about 50-50. As you noted, it's our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth, and it's actually our 7th consecutive quarter-over-quarter increase. So the trend line and the momentum is building. I obviously can't tell you exactly how long that will continue. That will depend upon a wide variety of factors. I can tell you that the momentum engine is building. We are -- we added a great number of agencies. And despite the fact that we have probably 30% fewer agencies than we did 4 or 5 years ago, we're at historical high levels of new business production. That's because their productivity is at an all-time high. Quote volumes are at an all-time high, and close rates are dramatically better than they were. So we see that momentum continuing to build as we have points of presence continuing to build, and we have an aggressive growth and recruiting plan, aggressive plans to add additional license sales professionals. And we believe that the combination of that existing growth momentum with all the work we have underway, with trusted advisor, with deepening the relationships, with bringing in the other -- the remainder of the product sets, with bringing in life and retirement products, consumer household products and truly managing all the risks for our customers and their households, we believe that all of those factors will act synergistically to perpetuate that growth trend line. So we're -- I'm bullishly optimistic on it, but I cannot give you a time frame for how long it will continue at that quarter-over-quarter increase.
Jay Gelb: For the Allstate brand, we've seen favorable acceleration of policy in force growth every quarter for the past several, so I just wanted to confirm whether that trend will continue.
Jay Gelb: Okay, so it doesn't seem -- I mean, it seems like it was more of a 2-month split in 4Q rather than an ongoing basis.
Jay Gelb: That makes sense. And the last one is on the capital management plan. So over the past 2 years, it looks like the share count has been reduced as a result of buybacks by 6% to 7%. It seems like that might even accelerate in 2015. I'm just trying to get a sense of if you think about reducing the share count as a capital management goal consistent with the dollar amount of capital returned.
