Steven E. Shebik: Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today for Allstate's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. After prepared remarks by Tom Wilson and me, we'll have a question-and-answer session. Last night, we issued our press release and investor supplement, filed our 10-Q for the third quarter 2013 and posted a slide presentation to be used in conjunction with our prepared remarks. These are all available on our website. This presentation may contain forward-looking statements regarding Allstate's operations. Allstate's results may differ materially from these statements, so please refer to our 10-K for 2012, our 10-Q for the third quarter and our most recent press release for information on potential risks. Also, this discussion will contain some non-GAAP measures for which there are reconciliations in our press release and on our website. We're recording this call, and a replay will be available following the conclusion of the call. We'll be available to answer any follow-up questions you may have after the call. Now I'll turn it over to Tom.
Steven E. Shebik: Okay. So first, we have to close the deal, which is we believe early first quarter of next year. We have dividend limitations, which we'll have to get state regulatory approval to actually move the cash up to The Allstate Insurance company, and again, from the Allstate Insurance company up to All Corp. There are other alternative ways we might be able to move the capital through a repurchase of some of the equity ownership of Allstate Life from -- Allstate Life by Allstate Insurance company, which could get us up another level. But we still have to pay dividend up to All Corp. So it all requires regulatory approval, is the bottom line. We're in a strong capital position, so we're hopeful that our -- we apply for that, that we'll get favorable results.
Steven E. Shebik: So on the preferred side, we've issued somewhere over $600 million so far. We're planning to issue about $1.5 billion. So kind of as the market allows over the next several months. The proceeds of that will generally be used for general corporate purposes. But we do have $950 million of debt maturing next spring and summer, and we may need the cash to pay that down.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, first, thanks for the comments about our own Bob. He's listening, so I'm sure he'll be happy to hear that you want to beat him up. The -- let me make a comment, and then I'll turn it over to Matt. First, when you look over a longer period of time, 3 to 4 years, we knew we were going into this slow growth segment with trying to fix homeowners. We knew they would impact auto, and we also knew that we needed to help our most successful agencies become more successful. And those that could not get there needed to find another way to earn a living and not take care of our customers. So we made a whole bunch of changes. Some -- and then, of course, we always have turnovers. So we went down from like over 11,000 to like 9,000, as you point out, of agency owners. And that helped build up the size of the average agency from about 1,800 policies to over 2,500, which gives them more skills and capabilities, which is -- gets to the other point that I'd like to make, is, it's really about the number of feet on the street we have. So it's the number of agents that -- agencies we have, as well as the number of people, licensed sales professionals, they have in their offices. And that number has continued to go up, in part, because we've built a system which is very supportive of them. Everything from new technology, rolled out to the compensation programs, to the way in which we help them grow their businesses. So Matt can talk about the specific plans he has to grow. But I think you're correct in that, we are positioned now to begin to grow distribution in The Allstate Agency channel.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, this is Tom. I would say, if you're talking about aggregators like Answer Financial, it continues to grow. It, of course, has a relationship with Esurance, where it takes a lot of the quotes that Esurance does not close, and then gets those customers placed with somebody else so that we can still serve them. And as you saw, their premiums were up this quarter as well. As it relates to each individual market, we are seeing the competition change in each segment. So many people in the lower left with The Allstate agencies are starting to pursue similar strategies to us in terms of product differentiation and bundling. In the Esurance side, you're not seeing people pursue the bundling. And we're just getting started there, and starting to -- we just rolled out, in one state, Homeowners. But Esurance has not only the potential of a good low-cost model and an ever-increasing strength in its brand to be able to then broaden the product suite from there. And Encompass has a specific focus. So rather than just try to sell standalone auto policies, it's really trying to sell both an auto and a home policy together, which is our packaged policy. So we think that getting the right customer value propositions for each segment is the way to compete.
Thomas J. Wilson: Adam, I'll get Matt to talk about new business. But let me just point out that the biggest driver of growth in this quarter, actually, or this year in auto, is retention. So new business is obviously important to us, but the retention of -- is moved up about 0.7 points. So I'll ask Matt to talk first about new business, but then he'll probably want to talk some about the broad-base improvements we have in retention as well, because that's -- I guess that's another factor driving your question or your comment.
Thomas J. Wilson: Well, certainly without predicting, as I've said on a previous call, about 80% of our new house and home sales are coming with at least 1 auto. So it's a system, as we've said before. We talked about home availability impacting both the new business side and the retention side, since we're able to keep a stronger relationship with the customer. But it's also customer experience, rate management. It's the level of advice and service provided by The Allstate agency. And of course, it's just the sheer numbers of feet on the street capable of representing the Allstate brand and serving our customers.
Thomas J. Wilson: Jay, it's Tom. I think if you look back over the last, say, 8 quarters and do a trend analysis, you'll see that the negative impact on homeowners peaked about 1 year ago at about 6.5% down by quarter in terms of the number of policies we've done. And as we said this quarter, it's come down to 3.5%. And if you look at the trend analysis on price changes in homeowners, you'll see that, that's also come down. So that trend line should continue which, as Matt pointed out, is helpful to not disrupting our current customers. And then, in addition, as they rollout House & Home, that should drive the auto line up. So the auto line that you're pointing to has a similar trend line. And you can do the same kind of math. If you just look at it, it's continued to go. I think we should be able to -- and our goal is to pick up share in all of our brands, and we're clearly picking up share in Esurance and Encompass. The Allstate channel's not yet to the point where it's picking up share in its segment, but I believe that the broad-based system and approach that Matt's taking will do that.
Thomas J. Wilson: Matt can talk about profitability management specifically and what he's doing there. A couple of general comments I would make is that, first, frequency bounces around a lot as do paid severities in BI, in particular. So depending on which cases you're settling. And we feel good about the reserves we have up, which are a little different than paid. So we feel good that we've accurately recorded the profitability, and frequency is just within its normal range. But Matt can talk about what he does to adapt to that going forward. I would say we have, though, a organizational system, which over the last 10 years, if you look at our profitability in auto, we know how to adjust and adapt, if you look back at our performance. Matt, you can talk -- will talk about what he does with the specific trends you're talking about. And he may have some comments about specific places he's working on.
Thomas J. Wilson: Mike, a couple of things. First, I would say we're always trying to reduce expenses around here. So the challenge we've had in reduced -- and we've done that over the last 4 or 5 years. The challenge we had in terms of the expense ratio was that the top line was going down, so you had to reduce your expenses faster than your top line was going down, particularly when it related to the number of policies you have. So we weren't offsetting inflation in some of our other costs. So that was our first challenge. Second, what are we doing now? We're continuing that. We have a different approach to it, so we're really looking at more continuous improvement actions to continue to take costs out. Our cost though, it depends how you slice and dice it. We look at it by segment. And so when you look at the lower left, that's a different cost structure than the lower right. And when you -- so if you look at it, you have to really look at the cost relative to State Farm, Nationwide, Farmers, because those are the people providing the same kind of value proposition. So you can't say that the agency expense is too high, because the agency does a lot of work. And our customers love our agencies, and they're happy to pay for our agencies. Those customers in the lower right want to do it themselves. And so you have to make sure your expenses are -- right there are relative to GEICO and Progressive Direct. So we look at the expenses relative to the customer value proposition that we deliver to people. When you look -- so -- and we think we can do a better job in all of our segments, so there's lots of -- we already should be able to take cost out with the improvements in technology, data management and global sourcing. So that's part of why we're saying it's part of our effort, which is, we're supposed to deliver good value for our customers. When you look at it by component, and if you look at advertising expenses, we think we're very efficient and effective, whether that's our float rates that you heard are up or it's the close rates at Esurance. So we feel good about the advertising component. So when you look at technology, which is another large component of our expenses, we -- actually, I think we're in the top quartile in terms of best, in terms of cost per line of code delivered, because of the way we do it. That said, we think there are ways we can simplify our processes. We still have too many processes that are legacy-based and too much, what I just like to call, built-up wax. So you should expect our expense ratio to come down over time. I would like you to think about it relative to the customer value proposition that we're delivering, not just who's growing and who is not growing.
Thomas J. Wilson: Paul, this is Tom. Let me make sure I understand the question. Our view of scale, we think Esurance is of scale today, but we're more than willing to invest a fair amount of money in advertising, which we break out in the disclosures, which is more than it would support if you didn't want to grow it. But we -- actually, I think there's a great opportunity to grow the business because we have a unique value proposition, which we're continuing to build out. So maybe help me think through a little more on the scale piece.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yes, that's helpful. Thank you. I have a better sense of where you're trying to go with it. First, we think -- we look at it, and the way Don runs the business, and you can talk about it in a second here with Gary Tolman, is that we have to have profitable lifetime value by customer cohorts, so what we write in a particular year. Given that you have large upfront advertising expenses, obviously, the first year, you lose money. And then you make money after it, because your advertising expenses are not required, really, for retention. So you have a large loss. As it relates to the total P&L, what I've said to Don is, as long as you're writing lifetime value business, which gives us a good return on capital, I'm prepared to keep funding the growth because it's a good economic deal for our shareholders, even if the advertising costs are such that they more than offset the earnings you get from retention business. So I'm willing to write an overall loss at Esurance as long as we're growing economic value for the shareholders. We obviously could stop that any time we wanted, and it would -- the combined ratio would drop down into a profitable standpoint. Don, you might want to just talk about how you're managing and thinking about lifetime value.
Thomas J. Wilson: So Paul, let me -- it's Tom. Let me, maybe, make one other comment. If you look at the increase in premiums in average rate that we show in the supplement, you can see that in The Allstate brand, auto -- if you just add up the last 4 quarters, you can't really add them up, but it's easier math, but it's a little less than 2%. If you look at Esurance, it's a little less than 6%. And if you look at Encompass, it's a little less than 6%, too. So both of those latter 2 businesses, we believe, we still have work to do to improve profitability in the auto business. Not so much work that we want to shut growth off completely, but you may see growth in those 2 lines come down next year as we work harder to deal with the issue that Don talked about in terms of loss ratio. At the same time, you should see the trend, that Jay talked about, in The Allstate brand go the other way. And of course, remember that the Allstate brand, in terms of total items in force, is about 15x the size of those 2 individually and of course, 7x to 8x the combination of them. So we don't need as much growth. So if we give up x points of growth in Esurance and Encompass because we're trying to manage the loss ratio, we don't need nearly that percentage increase in the Allstate channel to get overall growth. And we're trying to grow not only in each channel, but we're trying to grow the overall company.
Thomas J. Wilson: Sam has been actively involved in shaping that. I think I would comment that it's not the answer you just gave us, which is perfect. I'm going to write that down, Paul, that we gave you a perfect answer. But we don't think it's a perfect answer. Sam might have a view as to -- we've been very public about our statements on it.
Thomas J. Wilson: Josh, I would go this way. First, we don't think it's all about price. If you're in the -- if you go back to our quadrant, if you're in the upper end of the -- upper side to those, it's clearly more price-sensitive, because those customers are sort of like, "Just give me a name I recognize." So they tend to be a little more price-sensitive. We've tried to design our value propositions to recognize price is important, but that value is equally important. We don't get as much leakage between independent agencies, pricing and the captive channel. When you look at where our business comes from or where it goes, there's not -- obviously, people who want local advice go to the same kind of person, but we don't see a huge amount of pressure. If somebody in the independent agency channel takes that price down, we don't see a big change there. The -- as it relates to overall pricing, I would say we're sort of in line this year with our -- if you look at the top 3 competitors, top 7 states, we look in line with those people; not a big difference. Progressive might be at the low end. GEICO and State Farm would be slightly higher. But in the range of -- hard for a customer to tell. If you're talking about 0.5 points, $1,000 a year, $900 a year, you're talking about $5, so it doesn't really matter from a price elasticity standpoint. As it relates to what other people do in the future, I think Matt described how we run our business. We do the same thing in Esurance and Encompass, which is highly specific, we watch our cost, look at our value proposition, make sure it's fair to our customers. So I wouldn't -- and as it relates to Travelers taking big decrease, I think theirs was also related to a different product, and Don Bailey is shaking, may have some comment. But I think you're starting to see more people move to product differentiations. So if you look over a longer period of time, competition first was on sophisticated pricing, then it moved to advertising, particularly in the branded channels. And now it's moving to product differentiation.
Thomas J. Wilson: I think I would go back to Matt's comment that to the extent we have cost pressures, and we think they're real, we increase our prices. If we think it's just noise, we don't. If you look at our overall pricing, it's been less than 2% over the last 12 months. So we're feeling okay about where we're at.
Thomas J. Wilson: Okay. This is Tom. So Mike, what we do is every year, we wait until we get the statutory. We try to look at our capital plan in sort of January, February, and then let shareholders know what we're going to do for the next 12 months. So we still have about $600 million left on our current share repurchase program, so we're out buying that back. And then in February, when we get done with sort of how the year turned out, where was the, where was statutory capital, and then we look forward, and say how do we feel about earnings, profitability of the business. And therefore, we then come up with a share repurchase dividend plan out of that, which is based on how much cash we think we need. Obviously, we don't think we need $2.8 billion at the holding company. So let me actually close kind of around that, which is to say if you just look at the quarter, a bunch of things that come together at the same time, and they all happen to show up in the P&L, which really reflects our broad-based approach to try and drive shareholder value. So we are -- we've been maintaining profitability in the auto business. We've dramatically improved profitability in the homeowners business. Obviously, this quarter with cash incredibly low, it really showed up. But we think it shifts it to a more sustainable position, which gives us that strength, Mike, as you're talking about, in terms of earnings power, in terms of giving us confidence to do it. At the same time, we've made some strategic moves to -- which give us increased capital called Lincoln -- the sale of Lincoln Benefit Life. At the same time, we're working to improve the strength of the balance sheet by issuing things like Preferred, really, at little cost to the shareholders in terms of current earnings. And at the same time, we're buying back a bunch of stock and paying what is a great cash on cash return to shareholders, which cash on cash is both dividends and then the shares we buy back. So it's a very strong side we're in [ph]. And we're going to be in a better position, I believe, at the end of this year on that. And we still have plenty of capacity to fund the growth that you're start -- are now starting to see. So we feel good about the way everything came together. You wouldn't expect it all to hit the P&L all in one quarter, but it did. And we feel like we've been successful in driving shareholder value, which relates into increasing the value of your shares. Thank you very much for investing your time to continue and learn more about our performance. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
Matthew E. Winter: Bob, it's Matt. Thanks for the question. As Tom said, we look at total sales professionals, including exclusive agents, our licensed sales professionals, our exclusive financial specialists, The Allstate independent agents. So we're looking at the number of points of presence on the street capable of selling The Allstate products. But we're not just looking at it in terms of numbers. As Tom said, we're looking at it in terms of numbers, productivity of those existing points of presence and the geographic distribution to ensure that we have appropriate market penetration. One of the consequences of shutting down The Allstate direct operation and shifting all of The Allstate assets, The Allstate brand assets to an agency model, is that various geographies in the past were covered by the direct operation and did not have sufficient Allstate agencies on the street. That's part of the Heartland, that's part of -- pieces of New England. And so we have fairly aggressive initiatives underway, to put points of presence where they need to be, so we can appropriately serve customers throughout the United States. So you should expect to see not only numbers improve and productivity improved, but the geographic distribution change over time as we analyze it from a market potential and a market penetration perspective as well.
Matthew E. Winter: Adam, it's Matt. Thanks for your question. As Tom said, auto growth this quarter and auto growth generally, is driven in large part by increased new business and better retention. On the new business side, what we've seen is roughly 3 quarters of the lift came from improvements in our closed rate, and the remaining quarter is driven by quoting more customers. So if you look at the closed-rate component, I'd say the vast majority of that has to do with continued enhancement of our pricing methodology, our agency reengagement, and the increased home availability. All of those combined to improve our close rates. On the quote volume piece, it's certainly what we just talked about with Bob, it's increased points of presence and its reengagement of the agency force that's driving more quotes through the sales funnel. When you get to the renewal side, we saw widespread improvement in renewal rates. But the majority of the improvement on that side, on the retention side, in September -- through September, is a result of New York and Florida improvements. Now certainly, it's not only those 2, but those were the 2 biggest levers on the retention side. A number of other factors like increased homeowner availability, customer experience initiatives, we have a much better rate management in place, so there's less rate disruption. And all of that has contributed to the retention improvement as well.
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. So as Tom said, we've looked at it fairly carefully. We're confident it's not a quality of business or a systemic issue. It's normal volatility. It's within our 3-year historical ranges and it's within our expectations. We manage to the overall combined ratio targets, knowing that the individual components will move over time. So one of my favorite sayings and one of the ways we manage this business is, "You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf." And that's kind of how we think about it. The waves are the normal volatility in the business, it's movement of BI, it's PIF fraud, it's economic changes, it's competitor actions, it's weather changes. And we are set up not trying to fight those waves or not trying to prevent them from occurring, but to ride them. And so we use pricing, we use sophisticated pricing methodologies, we use rate actions, we use underwriting actions, we use process changes, and most importantly, we use our 14 market operating committees, and 15, including Canada, to give us early warning and detection of the movement of those waves so that we're able to react appropriately to them, quickly get out in front of them and be able to ride them. And my opinion having watched this team over the last several years is, we have a bunch of tremendous surfers out there who are very good at reading the waves and getting on top of them. And I think the team, overall, does a remarkably good job of managing that. So these ins and outs in volatility frequency and severity, while we always explore them and research them to make sure they're not systemic, they do not concern us.
