Don Civgin: Thanks, Bob. Consistent with our past practice, we continue to proactively manage risk and return within the portfolio with the focus on protecting value and delivering solid returns. We continue to execute well as demonstrated by our results in the fourth quarter and for the full year. On Slide 10, you can see our portfolio returned 6.6% for 2011.  Also on that slide, you can see the size and composition of the overall portfolio of $95.6 billion at year-end 2011. The decline from the third quarter 2011 was in line with our expectations, as Allstate Financial continued its strategic reduction in spread-based liabilities, including the voluntary winding down of Allstate Bank.  During the quarter, we continue to reduced our exposure to the European Union while maintaining our allocation to corporate credit. As shown on the right side of this page, we continue to shift towards the middle portion of the interest rate curve by emphasizing our reinvestment activities in the 3- to 7-year maturities. Maturities in the 3 year or less range are primarily within Allstate Financial and will be used to fund liabilities withdrawals.  Net investment income for the quarter was $975 million, as shown on Slide 11, with a slight sequential decline, driven primarily by lower portfolio balances at Allstate Financial. Portfolio yields were stable despite the prolonged low interest rate environment with the total portfolio yield of 4.5% for the fourth quarter of 2011, consistent with the third quarter of 2011 and slightly higher than the 4.3% we have in the fourth quarter of 2010. The stable yields reflect our yield-enhanced actions, favorable limited partnership distributions and equity dividend, but are offset by lower interest rates.  On Slide 12, you can see that we generated $86 million of pretax net realized capital gains in the fourth quarter, down from $116 million for the fourth quarter of 2010. Realized gains in the quarter were primarily due to sales of fixed-income securities and favorable limited partnership valuations, partly offset by impairment write-downs and derivative valuation losses. For the year, pretax net realized capital gains were $503 million compared to 2010's net realized capital loss of $827 million.  The bottom of Slide 12 displays our pretax net unrealized capital gain position. We finished the year with approximately $2.9 billion of net unrealized gains, a $523 million improvement for the quarter and a $1.5 billion improvement for the year. This year, fixed income valuations benefited from lower interest rates, which were only partially offset by widening credit spreads and realized gains due to sales of fixed income securities.  Moving on to Slide 13. We finished 2011 with shareholders' equity of $18.7 billion, an increase from September 2011 of $0.6 billion. Statutory surplus at both AIC and Allstate Life Insurance remained strong, and deployable assets at the holding company level totaled $2.2 billion at year-end, reflecting the completion of the Esurance acquisition in October.  We initiated a $1 billion repurchase program in the fourth quarter and repurchased 4 million shares at a cost of $106 million under the new authorization by year-end. Total shares repurchased for 2011 totaled $946 million. We successfully prefunded $350 million of maturing senior notes with a $500 million 30-year senior unsecured note in early January with a 5.2% coupon. Lastly, book value per share ended the year at $36.92, an increase of $1.60 from year-end 2010, and an increase of $1.36 from the third quarter as well.  Now, let's open it up to your questions.
Don Civgin: Yes. So when we closed the transaction in October, we completed the purchase accounting in accordance with GAAP, which requires us to fair value the assets we acquired. So we assigned about $353 million to intangibles. These are mostly customer relationships, trade names, technology. And we're going to amortize those over various periods depending on the asset, but it -- there is going to be heavy amortization in the early periods. We're excluding those from operating income combined ratio because they're noncash, so they're not reflective of the ongoing economics of the business. So we'll see those charges continue to go through. But as Tom said, we're making a lot of progress on Esurance and getting things going. But really, the marketing and the brand has only had a little bit of time to work, and you really wouldn't have seen any of those results yet in the fourth quarter.
Don Civgin: It's -- as Tom said, I mean, Dan, we are running it as a separate company. Their management team, which we were and continue to be very excited about, are running the business, and they're all still there. And Esurance is in San Francisco and Answer Financial is in Los Angeles, so they will maintain their offices. We have a lot of areas where can provide value to them, and actually somewhere there, we're learning from them as well. So the integration teams, which report, actually, at this point, to Gary Tolman, is more on a pull basis, as Tom has said in the past. So whether it's claims, purchasing, some product expansions, some state expansions and how they are able to use -- utilize our brand to improve consideration for the Esurance brand are basically being driven by them. We're providing whatever we can to make those things work well for them. And I -- what I tell you at this point is that's where a lot of the values is going to come from. It's going to be things like claims losses, buying scale, the additional products we're able to sell and, obviously, putting the Allstate endorsement on the Esurance brand so that their consideration and conversion will go up. Some of those we're making huge progress on I feel very, very good about. So the claims losses and scale product, we're working well and quickly on. The Esurance Allstate endorsement, really, people just heard about it for the first time at the end of December with the new ad. So that's going to take some time to drive up the retention and the conversion ratios. We expect kind of aggressive improvements in that, but it's really too early at this point to know how successful that has been or will be. But we're -- it's -- it is being continued to run separately and effectively, and we're just trying to add value where we can.
Don Civgin: Actually, on the Allstate life insurance statutory surplus, it is down a little bit in the fourth quarter, in spite of the fact that they had a good fourth quarter from an earnings point of view. Most of that is because of reserve strengthening. If you recall, during the year, we took a fair amount of games-taking in the portfolio and the reinvestment rates required some level of strengthening of reserves. And then the other piece are just lower interest rates. With rates being lower in 2011, it's -- in our testing, required us to have more reserves up.
Thomas J. Wilson: Bob, this is Tom. I'd like -- I'd rather look at it on a year basis where -- which is better by 2 points. In a quarter, you obviously get impacts of weather, but the other thing you get in a quarter is severity. And with a large difference in coverages, the amount of money you -- the average cost of the claim. So average cost of fire claim might be $30,000, average cost of a theft claim might be $25,000. So as you -- that mix changes, the severity bounces around a lot from quarter-to-quarter. So I think it's better to just look at it for the whole year. We're -- I'm pleased with where we're headed in homeowners. I don't think we've got it done yet, but it's just another sign that we're continuing -- our programs are continuing to work.
Thomas J. Wilson: We're going to do Esurance as we move throughout this year when we actually have time to own it. We owned it for a couple of months. And as you know, we really did -- really launched a new program. I think it was like December 26 or something like that. So the increase is really due to intangibles. And, Don, you might want to talk about what you're doing about the insurance accounting on the intangible side of it.
Thomas J. Wilson: Okay. Dan, the overall arching theme that -- you're correct, what we've said is we can serve those personal touch loyalists completely without having to deploy our capital. So our strategy of serving them doesn't necessarily have to be linked to where we deploy our capital. We deploy our capital where we think we have skills and capabilities and where we think we can get a good return. So in total, we broker about -- a little over about $3.6 billion worth of stuff a year. The largest portion of that is in Allstate Financial. Matt, can talk about what we do there, where our skills and capabilities are and where we've grown it a lot this year, and you'll see his strategy embedded in that. In the Property-Liability subjects, I think it's like $1.1 billion or something like that. Most of that is homeowners or other property. We continue to be able to provide that -- those products to our customers and broker it through other people. We're actually restructuring some of those programs under Don Bailey, so we think we can improve both the choices for our customers and our economics. Matt, you want to talk about...
Thomas J. Wilson: Don will take you through some of the specifics, Dan. As you know, we've kept it separate as an organization. And you remember, the benefits of the acquisition for us is leveraging our brand name that will help them; secondly, improving their claim cost so reducing the variability of claim cost will enable us to improve profitability and put more money back in the business; and then broadening its product offering. Don can talk about how we're getting those skills and capabilities into Esurance.
Thomas J. Wilson: First, on overall expenses. We're always about trying to reduce our expenses, so -- by line, so when you look at whether it's our technology expenses or our processing or headcount, we're always -- whether it's claims, we're always working on making sure we have the right level of expenses. Overall expenses were up some last year. The largest real driver of it would be a little more marketing spend, which we -- particularly in the fourth quarter, if you noticed the expense ratio was up. We've put a fair amount of money in terms of double-digit millions into launching Good Hands Roadside, which as I've said, is we got almost 400,000 new members. Those are -- they don't pay us anything. Remember that's -- you sign up for Roadside and it's pay-as-you-go when you need a tow or somebody to come to your car. So we're very excited about that, because we think it brings a lot of people into the company and gives us an opportunity to cross-sell them auto insurance and home insurance. But we spent some money on that last year seeking to grow. I think you'll continue to see some efforts on -- or some pressure on expenses as we both continue to advertise aggressively, and as we invest more money in technology. This business is rapidly becoming -- the technology's moving in -- out of sort of just the data management piece into the consumer connectivity piece. And we all have some work to do on that piece. Oh, Florida, sorry. Florida and New York are a little better than they were in the third quarter, as I said in the third quarter, they were profitable depending on which bases you wanted to look at. You go look at the exit, your statutory GAAP, they each had -- sort of had a measure under which they were profitable. They got a little better in the fourth quarter and they're going to continue to get better as we move throughout 2012. So they're out of the unprofitable zone, not yet to where we want them to be in terms of adequate returns, so you'll continue to see pressure on overall growth in the Standard Auto Allstate branded side because of New York and Florida.
Thomas J. Wilson: I want to be careful that I don't tell everybody else in the world what we're up to. So -- but I appreciate the question, Brian. So just give me -- when you look at where we are in the rest of the country, we've been flat in terms of items enforced, and we've had a very good combined ratio. So if you look at our combined ratio in total, at 95.7 and then you assume we'd lose money, or break even or something over the course of a whole year in New York and Florida in 2011, you'd say that it's obviously below, 95, in those other places so that's a very high attractive return. And so growing in those other markets is obviously a good thing for shareholder value. We're focused on doing that. There is -- one of the ways in which we believe we can do that is by broadening our risk appetite. Still staying in-line with this our sophisticated pricing, and not giving up large amounts of margin, but we could let that combined ratio go up a little bit so we'd grow. And as the Florida and New York combined ratio comes down, and then you add in Esurance on top of that, that's why when we'd look at the sort of underlying combined ratio, we say it'll be relatively flat. It's sort of a tale of 4 pieces, right? Homeownership come down, New York and Florida should come down. You'll see a slight drift in these other places, but those are bigger in terms of the overall volume of our combined ratio than either of the prior 2 pieces. And then Esurance, we'll put a little bit of pressure as we seek to invest and grow there and do more marketing. We will do more marketing on a more targeted basis in 2012. I know, Mark, if you want to talk about the marketing programs at all.
Thomas J. Wilson: Brian, most of it would be coming from rate, at this point. The underwriting initiatives take a lot longer to rail through. So if you underwrite -- if the house isn't the right house, you know how the right price for it because your roof is bad or the porch is falling off or something, it doesn't necessarily turn into a loss, obviously, the next quarter. So that will take longer to burn in. It's incredibly important, though, to position in the long-term competitive position of business to get the right price for people. So we're continuing at it, we're putting a lot of effort on it, but most of it's price. And you'll see that as we go through next year as well. So of the 7 points that we've put into average price this year, you get a -- if you just think, okay, if we kind of do it equally throughout the year, you get about half this year and half next year, so we already have baked into next year about 3.5 points. So what Matt and his team will do to get -- to continue to improve pricing and he's got it segmented into a bunch of different good segments, which we can go into if someone in the call is interested. But it is mostly price, some of which is already there.
Thomas J. Wilson: This is Tom. I would -- in terms of auto, I don't believe that's true. So if -- New York and Florida, obviously, have some impact on our overall, but if you just look at our average premium, like it's -- it's up like 1% or something like that. And if you look at average gross premium, you look at the country, you'd say it's probably in the 3% range. It's what you see from people like triple-I [ph] and stuff. So I don't believe we are -- I think we're competitive, some places we'll do 5 or 7, or this place in New York or Florida will hit it as hard as we need to hit it, but we feel like we're very competitive in the auto space. Homeowners, I believe, we were way ahead of the market, although I believe the market is catching up. I can't really give you a sense for what everybody did in 2012. I can tell you, if you looked back -- if you look at the last 3 years in homeowners, our average gross premium's up by $160 per policy, which is about 18% or 19% over those 3 years. When I look at the industry stats, I don't see a number that big. I do see a lot of people taking fairly big increases in the last year, so my -- I suspect we were out early and other people are catching up. So we're not seeing any competitive pressure in raising homeowner prices. In total, this point -- I'm sure Matt, you have places, some places where it's a little tougher than others, but in general, everybody has the same kind of losses we do.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yes. Excellent point, closing rates have stayed strong, retention rates have stayed strong. So we don't feel like we're out of the market on either of those.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yes, well, the catastrophe is obviously -- it's always hard to figure out exactly. Some decent part that came from the Arizona hailstorm that we had last year when you're trying to figure out how many roofers are coming out there, and you get a lot of light claims as people come back to their houses, and stuff like that. So as those types of events have become very situational and you have to just watch numbers, we have a philosophy that we want to have enough money and not be short. We don't over-reserve, but -- so in that particular case, we shot a little long. And the rest are just a variety of small additional changes per catastrophe. On the broader side of bodily injury and physical damage, both reserves and trends, we feel very good about reserves. Bodily injury paid costs looked, obviously, very good, if you look at our numbers. The incurred costs are what we think the ultimates will be. We're reserving a little bit higher level than that, as you would expect, because you have a lot of back-end stuff in the report year. Which years you're paying off have an impact on the pay, and so you get a little bit of a mix in there. So we're -- the paid are lower as the percentage increased than what we're ultimately reserving for. And then physical damage is pretty quick-- it kind of goes through. We thought that physical damage popped in the fourth quarter and paid, but mostly due to total losses. We're on top of it. For the year, it looked okay, but we're paying attention. And that, obviously the reserves, you get those claims paid off well, because it doesn't have a huge impact on reserves.
Thomas J. Wilson: We still don't have any intention to take capital out -- you're really looking at sort of quarterly swings. We don't -- on the RBC numbers, you wait until the statutory stuff gets done. That doesn’t get done really until like February or March. So we tend to let the capital in those subs ride until we get a better view of where they end up the year end.
Thomas J. Wilson: Yes, some of it was onetime, Matt, some of it will be continuing. Our grow-to-win was our effort to reengage the organization, our agencies on growth. Because earlier in the year, we had not been completely engaging growth. It included more advertising for auto insurance, which as long as it's economical, we'll continue to do that. It included about $25 million for Good Hands Roadside, a launch of that, which I don't think will be continuing. We want to find a way to continue to grow that business, but I don't think we have to do it through national advertising, the way we did to get it started. And then there were some other things we did in terms of local promotions. As long as those make money, we'll do it, but I would come back if you're concerned about the expense ratio. We pay attention to expense ratio, we make sure that every dollar we spend is economic, and if it's economic, then we make sure we can recover it in prices. And when you look at our average pay pure premium, which is, of course, just the total cost over time, that looks balanced relative to the price increases we're taking.
Thomas J. Wilson: And the last piece sounds like a third question, so I'm not exactly sure, but Don can talk about reserves and the debt. I'm not sure -- if we don't get to your questions, if there was a third question in there, maybe we can come back to it so we can get to the other people, but...
Thomas J. Wilson: And as it relates to preferred, just the efficient -- let's say belt suspenders and alternative plans. So when we said we were going to do the $1 billion, we knew we had additional share repurchase, we knew we had $1 billion, at least, of excess capital at the holding company. We knew we would make money in 2012, and -- but we didn't want there to be any doubt that we could buy that $1 billion back, so we put in the authorization to do the preferred. And we'll do it if we think it makes sense, and depends what earnings are, but we fully intend to buy back the $1 billion worth of stock.
Thomas J. Wilson: Let me take the first one. Judy, maybe you can talk about reinvestment, and Matt, you talk about it -- because I think the numbers, Jay, are off a little. If you look at, I think, it's Page 37, 38, we've broken out the life insurance -- Allstate Financial returns, it's a different bucket, so the 8% is not a number that resonates with me. That's what the deferred annuities are running at, but the life insurance business is low, is like 11% or something. And so you got to look at the components of it. In terms of marketing, advertising, we expect to maintain our share voice in the Allstate brand, and we expect to increase our share voice in the Esurance brand. And I think that's about where I'd like to leave it since other people listen to the call. And I don't want them to know sort of what kind of marketing we're doing. Matt, do you guys want...
Thomas J. Wilson: Randy, this is Tom. If you look at our total frequency decline, you'd have to look at it in 2 chunks. New York and Florida, and then outside of New York and Florida. The largest component of our overall decline is in those 2 first states, which is both we've talked about one of the things we're doing to improve profitability. It is down slightly in the other states, but it's slightly -- and we don't see that as a problem in terms of having reduced rates, and nor does it look like it's -- it bounces around, though. I mean, the reason we give you all a range on combined ratio is frequency can move by 1 point in a year, and it's kind of sometimes it's weather, sometimes it's mileage, sometimes it just -- things happen. So it -- there is some variability around it, but we feel okay about it.
Thomas J. Wilson: I would -- when you look at homeowner frequency, there are -- I would say no. I think we're -- we feel like -- I mean, it varies by state. As you know, some states, we don't have -- some states we have severe weather problems, we've got to get more price to that. In some places, we have hurricane exposure, we got to make progress here. Other states, we have absolutely no problems at all and we should be growing and we're not. And then some states, we have what I would call normal frequency and severity issues where we have some progress right. Matt and his team have segmented it into those 4 segments, but we're managing in that way and so I feel comfortable that the way in which we're approaching the business, any trends in those 4 categories get reflected in the prices in those states. Maybe we could take one last question.
Thomas J. Wilson: Some of my compatriots like to predict innings. I've always felt that's a bad thing because I can't predict the future. I would tell you, if you look back over the last 3 years, we've made a tremendous amount of progress, and we accelerated that progress, I believe, last year. And particularly it's not necessarily on price, but on the other things we will do. The next inning for us, which will be an important one, is launching a new product called house and home, which will deal with roof losses. So when you look at all the work we've done, it's working with our existing contracts and raising prices, trying to get the risk management right. And we're good at that and we've made a lot of -- we've had a lot of learnings over the last 3 years, and I feel like that game will continue to play out the next, I don't know if it's an inning, but the next thing we have to successfully accomplish is rolling out house and home, and Matt and Mark are working on that. What that does is it deals with roofs differently. So one of the big losses in severe weather are roofs. Some people just don't get their house -- their roofs fixed, and then a hailstorm comes and we replace a $20,000 roof when we're getting $1,000 from the customer, and it's obviously not a good trade. And so if the roof is 1 year old, it might have no damage to it, and $900 is the right price if the roof is 20 years old, then maybe we should be charging $2,000 or $3,000. So this new product gives us the opportunity to deal with roofs differently. That's really the next game and that will need to successfully accomplish that to get to our 13% return on equity by 2014. Matt, there are more...
Matthew E. Winter: Sure. Dan, so as Tom said, we've had pretty much a relatively long history at Allstate Financial of making decisions about which products we choose to manufacture and which products we choose to source from other carriers, knowing that we still had to provide a full suite of products for our distributors to be able to sell. So that started really with the outsourcing, on a major scale, of the variable annuity business when that block of business was sold to Prudential. And so right now, we do just under $1 billion of premium and deposits in the VA business. We do somewhere north of $400 million of mutual funds and about 140,000 -- I'm sorry $140 million on the book VA -- book value annuity. So we made a decision about 2 years ago, just after I got here, to stop manufacturing the book value annuity. We still manufacture the market value adjusted annuity. But we made the decision to source somebody else's product there, thinking that, for us, the risk return trade-off just didn't make sense. So we have a fairly robust brokering operation through our broker dealer. Now in addition to the major categories I mentioned, we also sourced a long-term care, some nonproprietary interest sensitive life, a small amount of variable universal life. But the major categories are the book value annuity, the VA and mutual funds.
Matthew E. Winter: Well, I think that, as Tom mentioned, on the homeowner's side, we're taking a fairly granular look on a state-by-state basis of where it makes sense for us to manufacture that product and where it may make sense for us to use our Ivantage operation to source elsewhere. And I don't want to try to predict where we'll go with that, but it is our intention to offer the homeowner product -- a homeowner product to our customers in as many areas as possible. And we'll choose, based upon the individual economics, whether or not that's a manufactured product or a sourced product.
Matthew E. Winter: Mike this is Matt. So let me clarify. The part that we're talking about, changing the investment strategy a bit on are the payout annuities that are extremely long-duration, very predictable cash flows that operate more like a pension liability. And so we have decided to treat our investment portfolio on a more granular level. And match the assets to that liability type in a more precise manner, and so we're going to look at some alternative investments that don't have the same liquidity characteristics as maybe some of our other blocks of business have, but they don't need those same liquidity characteristics. So you'll see us start to use some of those alternative investments to create the higher yield, long term, the total return, but maybe not on a pure, year-by-year net investment income basis. On the shore liability, deferred annuity block that is a little less predictable cash flow and we require additional liquidity, we're using the same leverage we've been using for the last several years. We've been managing the crediting rate as carefully as we can, consistent with our contractual terms and our compliance requirements. We're also being as precise as we can with the asset liability management on that block as well and trying to match durations. It is certainly challenging in the low interest rate environment, but as you've seen this past year, Judy's team has done an excellent job in getting those yields maintained. And so I'm cautiously optimistic that we'll have continued progress there.
Matthew E. Winter: I'm trying to understand your question. Can you just point me to where you're -- what you're looking at, you in the investor sup.
Matthew E. Winter: Well, it's always hard to predict those declines. Some of it's predictable declines, some is unpredictable and depends upon market movements. We don't see anything that occurred in 2011 that's that different than 2012 other than the Allstate Bank. And the decline in funds in Allstate Bank, obviously, happened in 2011 will not recur in 2012. But other than that, there should be fairly consistent flows.
Matthew E. Winter: I'll start and then Judy can follow up. I think Tom was referring to the breakdown we have now on Page 39 of the Investors sup, which, Jay, shows the breakdown of operating income return on attributed equity. So really, the low interest rate environment affects the life insurance very little. It only affects some of the components of our Universal Life business with long-term guarantees and those products that are similar to that, it really doesn't impact the term business, which is really the vast majority of what we're growing right now. And if you look even on that breakdown under annuities, most of the work that we just described about the alternative investments on the payout annuity line is designed to prevent that low interest rate environment from taking that ROE down even further. So really, it's only leaving us with that deferred annuity block where we're making 8.7, and that's running off on a fairly predictable basis, and we're managing the in-force crediting rates very aggressively there. So, yes, it's a headwind on the work we're doing, but we don't think it's a long-term obstacle to it. It just creates some more work for us, and we have to get more creative in the way we manage the investment portfolio. But as I said, we feel pretty confident that with the change in the mix of business, and growing the mortality and morbidity, nonspread related businesses, as well as the alternative kind of pension investment strategy for long-term liabilities on the payout side. It leaves us with a manageable block to deal with to give some targeted, good return investment assets, too. And I'll let Judy follow up and talk a little bit more about that component.
Matthew E. Winter: No, the only thing I would add, the other piece of that, as Tom mentioned at the beginning, is the decision on a granular level about selective brokering of other homeowner products in there. Because as we've now characterized the states into these categories of PML, PML in severe weather, and our ability to grow and successfully manufacture products for those states, we'll make decisions about whether they'll offer house and home or whether they'll offer a brokered product in there, so our agents have a homeowners product to offer their clients. And we have the risk profile that we want, as a company, in the homeowners area.
Keith F. Walsh: First for Tom, if you can just give us a little bit of more color behind the favorable reserve reestimate of $150 million, please. And then I've got a follow-up.
Keith F. Walsh: Okay. And then just for Matt on Allstate Financial. And I think you guys have talked about in the past about freeing up about $1 billion of capital, and we could see the business running down at least the fixed annuity, $6 billion of contract holder funds reduced in 2011. But the attributed equity is up year-over-year, and can you just help me understand these moving parts, I would have expected the equity dedicated to that business would actually be declining.
Keith F. Walsh: Well, I just -- within Allstate Financial on Page 34 of the supplement. You guys gave us this new disclosure about the attributed equity to the life business. And I'm just curious why that number's actually increasing year-over-year, when I would think it would be going in the other direction.
