Mario Rizzo: Yes, thanks Tom, and thanks for the question, Paul. First thing, I would reiterate what Tom said. We continue to view our claims capabilities as a competitive differentiator and a source of real value for Allstate. We think that’s been – certainly been true in the past and it’ll continue to be true going forward. The reality is given the environment we’re operating in, both from a casualty perspective as well as physical damage, we’ve talked a lot throughout the year around the drivers of inflation and the things that are driving up loss costs at such a rapid pace. And I think what that does is it really forces us and the industry to continue to evolve those practices. And it’s certainly something we’ve done overtime to continue to maintain in our leadership position and our edge when it comes to claims. So let me just spend a minute and I’ll break out casualty versus physical damage. In terms of the action plans, we talk a lot about changing operational processes. I’ll say a couple things starting with casualty first. One of the things we’ve done over the past 12 plus months is we’ve meaningfully reduced the volume of pending bodily injury claims by about 20%. And what that does is it reduces risk of both of inflation impacting those claims that certainly that we’ve settled and remediated going forward. But also reduces we think reserve uncertainty on those claims going forward. And to just give you a sense of context, the current level of bodily injury pending claims in aggregate is at its lowest level that it’s been since before 2016. So we’ve looked to de-risk the bodily injury pending portfolio by leaning in and settling claims. We’re also focusing on a strategy that I would characterize as an earlier strategy when it comes to bodily injury. Things like earlier recognition of injury claims, earlier claimant contact and earlier settlement of claims that we should settle quickly again to avoid the inflationary risk in the current environment. And what we’re doing is we’re leveraging our advanced data and analytics capabilities to execute on all components of that strategy to continue to evolve and get better in casualty claim handling. On the physical damage side, I think it’s really around, broadly continuing to focus on estimation accuracy cycle time and leveraging – further leveraging our scale to the fullest extent. It’s continuing to increase the utilization of our good hands repair network to reduce costs, both in terms of parts and labor costs and improve cycle time while continuing to improve or provide a high quality customer experience. Enhancing total loss processes to reduce cycle time and reduce costs around things like storage and rental costs and identification of preexisting damage on vehicles, again, to move total losses through the system more rapidly. And then continuing to look to leverage our scale additionally when it comes to sourcing parts and getting as efficient as we can from a process perspective. So we’re really attacking claims across a number of fronts. Again, feel really good about where we’re positioned with claims. And this is all about continuing to get better and maintain that industry leading capability on the claim side.
Mario Rizzo: This is Mario. Yes, sure. I’ll jump in. Process wise, we adopt consistent processes across claims. There’s certainly unique processes. For example, in National General, given the non-standard auto mix, there’s just a different approach to those claims because they potentially have a higher risk of fraud. So there’s some unique processes there. But in terms of claim handling consistency for similar types of claims, we tend to leverage best practices across brands.
Mario Rizzo: Sure. And thanks for the question, Greg. Look, I think when you look at that trend of states above 100 and the increase throughout the year, I think what I’d point you to is when you just – you look at our underlying auto combined ratio as we reported it, increasing throughout the year and being driven by increases in our severity expectations quarter-over-quarter as the year played out, as well as increasing frequency between Q1 through Q4, only partially being offset by the rate that we took. So I think that chart mirrors what we show you in aggregate in terms of the reported underlying combined ratio. But when you look at our business from a state perspective, I think it’s important to really categorize states into a couple of different buckets. I think there’s a group of states that while we certainly are pleased with the outcome of an underwriting loss, given the actions we’ve taken, particularly from a rate perspective as well as underwriting actions, we feel like we’re positioned in a good place. Now you can’t predict the future in terms of the path of inflation or severity going forward. But given the actions we’ve taken, we feel good about where we’re positioned and what the outlook looks like for 2023. I put states like Texas, Georgia, a couple of large states for us where we’ve implemented significant rates and have been successful in doing so. And so we feel good about the outlook. Again, we’ll have to adapt to what changes in the future, but I think there is a lot of states that falls into that category. Unfortunately, there is a number of, for us, pretty meaningful states, three of which we highlighted in the presentation: California, New York, New Jersey, where they’re much more challenging regulatory environments. And we need to continue to execute on both rate increases and underwriting restrictions to curb growth to really bend the line in aggregate. And just using California as one example. So as you all know, we got a 6.9% rate approved late in the year, but we immediately filed another 6.9% increase pending with the department. We took down paid requirements up pretty dramatically. We have not changed those down paid requirements even with the first rate. We’re working with the department on getting approval for the second 6.9%. But then we’re going to come back with another rate increase because we need more rate in California. So that’s a big state for us where we’re going to have to continue to really lean in and take – continue to take dramatic and aggressive actions to improve margins. And I put New York in that same category. We got a 5% flex rate in New York. Middle of the year, we got approval for a 9.4% rate in New York towards the end of the year, while we’re prepared to do additional – an additional round of rate filings in New York early in 2023, because loss trends are not where they need to be. And in the interim, we’ve taken underwriting actions around prior incidents, down pay and other actions to curb new business growth, and we’re going to continue to lean into those actions because we can’t afford to write the new business at the current rate levels and we’ll continue to take the appropriate actions there. So I think you got to look at the states in a different way. I think we’ve made a lot of progress in a number of states, but we still have some work to do. And as we said, we expect to take some pretty significant rate increases in 2023, particularly leaning into some of those states where we haven’t, really for regulatory reasons been able to make the kind of progress that we would have liked.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. Sure. So, Greg, I think we’ve been working really closely with the Department of Insurance in California. We were able to pretty rapidly get approval of our first 6.9%, and we’re in active dialogue around the second 6.9%. And as I mentioned, when we get that one behind us, there’ll be a third one coming. We always have the option of going down the path of filing a larger rate increase. California generally takes a longer time period to get approvals for rates as it is. And the one you mentioned specifically, I think, have been pending with the department for over a year. So we’re – as we look at the map, we want to get approval, we want to get approval as rapidly as we can, so we can implement the rates and move on. So the approach we’ve taken so far in California, we’re comfortable with. We’re going to continue to lean in. We always have the option to change course if things change. But so far, we’ve had success with the path we’ve taken, and we’re going to continue to push on that.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. The one I’d point to, and I think generally, the statement Tom made about like leveraging all the data and the capabilities we have, but also looking to tune those models and evolve over time. The example I would use would be around bodily injury, both potential loss identification and attorney representation. Given, obviously, the environment around us has evolved pretty significantly over the past couple of years in terms of higher levels of attorney representation and bodily injury claims and just medical inflation, medical consumption and treatment, those kinds of things. So what we’ve been doing is tuning the models to be able to use the components and the data that we gather early on in the claims process, to identify claims where there is, first of all, the potential for an injury. More importantly, the potential for a major injury given it’s a higher impact accident or things like that. So we can get out ahead of the claim, make contact earlier and manage the claim much more effectively. The same would be true around claims that have the potential, ultimately to be represented by an attorney. Again, creating contact with a third-party claimant and establishing dialogue and communication and leveraging the tools and the models at our disposal to better manage the claim process through the bodily injury claims. So those are just a couple of examples of how we tuned models that we’ve had to adapt to the current environment. And we’re going to have to continue to, as I mentioned earlier, evolve our processes and those models to adapt to the environment over time. So this is not a static process, and we’re always looking to get better based on the most current information as well as the external environment that we’re operating in.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. Certainly, social inflation is a phenomenon that we and the industry have been dealing with for an extended period of time. I think in our business, we certainly see it in the personal auto side, in casualty coverages. We’ve also seen it on commercial auto and in the shared economy, just given the higher limits that we tend to write on that business. It’s hard for me to predict whether it will get better or get worse going forward. I think it’s a reality of what we’re experiencing right now. And as I talked about some of the analytics and the processes we’re putting in place, to identify and manage injury claims more effectively. That’s a big reason why we’re doing it is in response to the social inflationary impacts we’ve seen. I’d also go back to something I said earlier around quickly not only identifying but settling claims earlier in the process where we can to mitigate the potential exposure to social inflation going forward. And the reduction in pending claims across a variety of segments that we’ve already executed on and are going to continue to focus on going forward. So I think our approach has been to modify our processes and take appropriate actions to offset the impacts of social inflation. And again, I don’t want to predict whether it will get better or get worse, but we know it’s a reality and we’ve adapted in response to it.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. Look, as I mentioned earlier, even with the rate that we were approved for – we didn’t change the actions we took around down pay requirements. So our risk appetite is not – has not changed in California, and it won’t until we get to a point where we believe we’re adequately priced, and that will take at least a couple more rates. Will we get anti-selected against? I think if we keep the restrictions in place or down pay requirements in place, we mitigate that risk. And it’s all relative. The rate increase that was approved was on a much larger indication than the one we filed. So it’s hard to tell what the relative price position is. But again, we’re not going to change our stance. Our focus in California is to reduce growth as much as we can until we get to rate-adequate levels, and that’s the way we’re going to manage the business.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. And maybe I’ll focus on – first on the Allstate brand, Josh, in terms of the shift, the mix shift between direct and exclusive agents. So you’ll remember a couple of things. One of the things we did this year was we reduced the amount of advertising spend, particularly lower funnel advertising spend, which directly impacts both volume through the direct channel. And I think you’ve seen a decline in the direct Allstate branded production as a result of that. I think the other thing you’ve seen is the phenomenon we’re experiencing in the exclusive agent channel with Allstate. And I’ll take you back to one of the core tenets of transformative growth was to reduce costs. But one of the components of it was to reduce distribution costs by changing how we compensated our exclusive agents, and also introducing lower cost, higher productive new models. And I think what you see in 2022 is that the model that we put in, that shifts agency compensation more to new customer acquisition has driven a level of engagement and behavior change on behalf of our exclusive agents that’s resulted in an increase in new business production, despite the rate actions that we’ve taken. I think as we go forward, we’re going to continue to evolve the agency model. We’ll continue to shift commission away from renewal to new business. And while at the same time, continue to enhance our direct capabilities so that when we do lean back into growth, we’re willing to accept the grow through any channel that we can write it. But I don’t think it’s unreasonable to assume that the first place you’d see kind of sequential growth would be in the direct channel, just given that when we turn advertising back on, that will be where a lot of the claim volume is driven through. But at the same time, we are pleased with the – again, the engagement and the behavior shift of our exclusive agents and the performance of the new agency models in terms of their levels of productivity, which I think bode well for us from a long-term growth perspective.
Mario Rizzo: Yes, I can jump in. Any Allstate brand, I think over time, it should be the same, right? Because we’re targeting and marketing to the same customer segment and looking to drive the same lifetime value, whether we write it in the agency channel or we write it in the direct channel. And you’ll remember, we’ve gone to differentiated pricing to match the cost of the channel with the price that the consumer is paying. So that kind of normalizes for the acquisition cost or the distribution cost. So we’d be getting the same lifetime value. I think in the National General brand, what we’ve got today is predominantly still a non-standard mix, which has a very different lifetime value than the standard and preferred products that we write in the Allstate brands. But we price for that. We have the fee structure in place for that where – and we manage that business very effectively to drive value for a much shorter policy life expectancy for those non-standard risks. As we roll out more middle market products in National General, we’ve really started on that process, but we’ve got a ways to go there. The value – the lifetime value expectancy for that policy group should look and feel a lot like the Allstate brand because we’re leveraging the same data, the same capabilities to expand our capabilities in that market. So I think from a customer segment perspective, it should be very similar across channels, given the same risk profile. Different in non-standard auto, but we’ve got a really effective model in National General to manage that business.
