Tom Wilson: Good morning. And we appreciate you taking the time and spending your efforts to explore why Allstate is an attractive investment. So I will begin with an overview of our strategy and results, and Mario and Jess, can go through the operating performance. Then we will have time for your questions at the end. Let’s begin on slide two, which depicts Allstate’s strategy to increase shareholder value. So we have two components to this strategy, increase personal Property-Liability market share and expand protection provided to customers, which are shown in the two ovals on the left. On the right-hand side, you can see the highlights for the fourth quarter. We generated net income of $1.5 billion. The strong results reflect our actions to improve auto insurance profitability and mild weather conditions, which was a welcome reprieve from the elevated level of weather related losses in the first three quarters of the year. The proactive approach to increasing bond duration also contributed to strong results with higher income from the market based portfolio. To further increase shareholder value this year, we remain focused on improving auto insurance profitability. There is more work to be done, but we are well on our way. Additional shareholder value will then be increased by increasing policies in-force across all of our businesses. The transformative growth initiatives to drive Property-Liability market share growth can be implemented in more states this year now as auto margins have been improved. We are also focusing on expanding protection offerings to Protection Services businesses, which is shown in the lower oval as Protection Plans, Identity Protection, Roadside and Arity, all have good growth prospects. As you know, we started the process to sell the Health and Benefits business and that process is proceeding on schedule. Let’s review the financial results on slide three. Revenues of $14.8 billion in the fourth quarter increased by 8.7%. That reflects a 10.7% increase in Property-Liability earned premium and that was due to rate increases in 2022 and -- mostly in 2022, and in 2023 in both the auto and homeowners’ insurances. Net investment income in the quarter was $604 million, an 8.4% increase, reflecting higher fixed-income yields and duration extension, which is partially offset by lower performance based income. The strong profitability in the quarter generated adjusted net income of $1.5 billion or $5.82 per diluted share. Annual revenues of $57 billion were up $5.7 billion or 11.1% over the prior year. Strong fourth quarter earnings resulted in positive adjusted net income for the year. Slide four summarizes the status of the four-part auto insurance profit improvement plan. Strong execution resulted in 6.7% point improvement in the combined ratio in 2023. Starting with rates. Since 2022, the Allstate brand implemented rate increases 33.3%, which included 16.4% in 2023 and 6.9% in the fourth quarter, driven by the recent approvals in California, New York and New Jersey. National General implemented rate increases of 10% in 2022 and an additional 12.8% in 2023. Looking forward, we will pursue rate increases in 10 states to improve margins and in other states to keep pace with increases in loss costs. Expense reductions were initiated in 2019 as part of the transformative growth plan to become a low cost provider of protections, being early in this effort helped offset the rapid inflation in loss costs. The underwriting expense ratio decreased 1.1 points in 2023 compared to the prior year when you exclude the large decline in advertising that was directly linked to lower profitability. Looking forward, further cost reductions will improve efficiencies and our competitive price position. Given the significant improvement in perspective, auto margins will increase advertising investment this year. In addition, we implemented underwriting actions to restrict new business, where we were not achieving target returns. We are moving some underwriting restrictions as rate adequacy is achieved. Finally, enhancing claim practices in a high inflation and increasingly litigious environment are required to deliver good customer value. This includes accelerating the settlement of injury claims and increasing in-person inspections. This program has positioned us to increase new business levels and begin to grow policies in-force in sales where acceptable margins have been restored. Now I will turn it over to Mario to discuss Property-Liability.
Tom Wilson: Thank you, Jimmy. I will let, Mario, really three different stories, Mario will take you through those in, then we will do a follow-up question, and I would just remind everybody, we like -- ask one question with a follow-up, hopefully, related to the first question. But so we can make sure we get through everybody’s call. So, Mario, you...
Tom Wilson: But if we need to spend money to grow on advertising and we like the profitability, we are going to spend more money on advertising.
Tom Wilson: So -- hi. This is Tom. I am going to start. Our capital is always been sufficient. So it should like reiterate what the position we have had. As it relates to buybacks when we are looking at capital regenerate. We start with, first, making sure we have enough capital to run the business and to grow the business and we have -- had put aside more capital for growth, given the dramatic increase in premiums and the risk and we think by transformative growth. We will continue to have opportunities to deploying capital and high ROEs in fact growth. So that’s the first thing we do is like how do you drive shareholder value. And so, I think, looking forward with those opportunities, we will have less capital than it’s for share buybacks that we had historically. That said, we have a strong track record of buying shares back. I think, I don’t know, since I have been CEO, maybe it’s $30 billion worth of shares we bought back. Like, if we don’t have a good use for the capital. Then we will give it back to shareholders, because there’s no sense holding onto extra capital. But between growth in the Property-Liability business, growth in some of our Protection Services, they tend to be a little lighter in terms of capital needs. And then our investment portfolio we derisked our investment portfolio last year, because of what we didn’t see as great market opportunities and if we saw there was opportunities to put more risk into that portfolio that would be another use of capital. So I think -- the think about capital we are always trying to manage and maximize shareholder value and we will do that -- do whatever form that is best.
Tom Wilson: Let me link this to Greg’s question as well, because I think sometimes when we set goals out there and we talk about specific line items in the P&L, we don’t always show the subtleties of how they are linked together. So we clearly have a goal to reduce expenses related to transformative growth so we can be a low cost provider. That said, we -- that’s not our primary goal. Our primary goal is to treat our customers really well, to build a great long-term business platform and to settle our claims and run our business properly. So if it means we have to spend more money on claims personnel, so that we lower, so loss costs come down and we think that’s in the best interest of our shareholders and our customers, then we are going to do that even if the expense number goes up. So we put those numbers out there to help you say we are let you know we are managing them, but we are not captured by just that one-line item.
Tom Wilson: I will let Mario take on the bundling question, because we are really happy about that. Let me just -- in terms of the homeowners’ business, we really like the business. It’s -- you see -- look at our six-year combined ratio before this year, it was 92 and so really high return on equity, it’s a great combined ratio. If you look at our underlying combined ratio this year, which excludes catastrophes, it’s come down from last year. Obviously, we had a bad two quarters -- bad two quarters doesn’t make a bad business. So we still really like the business, we have raised prices in the low-teens this year from a variety of different ways. So we like that business. If cats is the first two quarters are indicative of where we go in the future, our cats were up $2.5 billion this year versus the prior year. So if that’s the case. I am confident we have the business model, which will adapt to it. We might not catch it before it, you won’t catch it before it happens, but we haven’t really great go-to-market business, so we are really happy with the homeowners’ business. Mario, do you want to talk about returns in the homeowners’ business and then the bundling question.
Tom Wilson: Hey, Josh. I know you are a student of our competitors. So you see both GEICO and Progressive talking more about bundling in their advertising. They obviously see also good customers there. Our difference is we expect to make money in homeowners.
Tom Wilson: I think we probably don’t give that number out, but let’s just say, we have a high focus on bundling, our agents are doing more bundling these days because we changed the way in which we reward and compensate them. So we are continuing to hunt down.
Tom Wilson: Well, I think, the first -- the principal impact of unwinding underwriting restrictions will be to kind of increase the aperture of the types of risks that we will be willing to write. Again, now that in the states that we are going to do that, we feel better and good about our rate adequacy and that’s true across segments. So we have a pretty sophisticated approach to pricing where the prices accurately reflect the specific risks of each individual segment. So as we write more business, it’s going to be written at what we believe to be a rate adequate level. Now, from a new business perspective, as we increase the volume of new business, that does tend to write or run a higher loss ratio due to renewal relativity going forward. So it will have some impact on our overall combined ratio going forward. But we take that into account in terms of how we manage the business. But we don’t open the underwriting restrictions until we are comfortable with the rate level we are at. We price each risk according to its unique characteristics. Having said that, there is a new business penalty associated with higher new business volume. But again, we factor that in in terms of how we manage the overall combined ratio in the business.
Tom Wilson: Okay. Thank you all for spending time with us this quarter. Obviously, with the sun shining a little bit and a few less cats, it gave you the opportunity to see the benefits of all the hard work the team’s been doing to improve profitability in auto insurance and making sure we keep our homeowner business strong. We didn’t really get to our other businesses, but they also continue to do quite well and our investment portfolio and team had a great year when you look at our total returns. So we feel good about where we are going forward. Thank you and we will see you next quarter.
Mario Rizzo: Yeah. So, Jimmy, first thing I’d say is, we have talked a lot last quarter about the actions we needed to take in the three states, California, New York and New Jersey. I will start with a view that says, look our objective is to meet the protection needs of as many customers in as many states as possible. When that can happen, we think customers are served well, markets operate effectively and we can operate our business to achieve the appropriate levels of returns. We had rate pending in all three of those states and I will just spend a minute kind of giving you the story in each one of those, because I think it’s slightly different. In California, you will remember we filed a 35% rate. We got approval for 30 %. But we got approval earlier than our expected effective date. So, effectively, we filed our full rate need and got approval for our full rate need. As of yesterday, we are writing business in California, again across all channels and we feel comfortable writing business in California given the rate level that we are operating. Now, of course, having said that, we have got to stay on top of loss trends going forward and we will do that, but we are comfortable with the rate level, we have gotten California that have opened up that market. In New Jersey, it’s kind of the opposite story we filed for 29 points of rate, we got approval for just under 17%. And as a result of that, we are going to continue to take the more restrictive underwriting actions that we have been taking in New Jersey, which means we will continue to get smaller in New Jersey, while we plan on filing additional rate as a matter of fact, we have two rates pending with the New Jersey Department and depending on how those things shake out that that will inform future actions we take in New Jersey. But as of right now, we will continue to get smaller in New Jersey, just given the lack of rate adequacy. And New York is kind of somewhere in between, we got approval for a 14.6% rate in December. We have implemented that, that helps. But we still need more rate. We are actively engaged with the department and intend to file our full rate need going forward and do that in reasonably short order. And again, depending on how that plays out, that will inform the next set of actions we have taken in New York.
Mario Rizzo: Yeah. I think, specifically, on retention, Jimmy, as Tom mentioned, in the three states we talked about, those markets are still in a bit of a state of flux. One state I’d point to, to kind of tell the story about retention and how taking outsized rates and then kind of lapping that impacts retention is Texas. We took significant rates in Texas in 2022 and earlier in 2023 and we showed you last quarter there was a pretty substantial hit to retention in Texas. As we have lapped those rates, we have seen a nice bounce back which contributed to the sequential improvement in the fourth quarter retention level in auto relative to Q3. So, once the rate need stabilizes, that certainly has a positive impact on retention going forward. And hopefully, as we in more and more states are really just keeping on top of loss trend, we would expect the headwind that we faced in retention to diminish going forward.
Mario Rizzo: Yeah. So, Greg, I think, when you combine the pieces that Tom talked about, I think, you can get comfortable that we can continue to improve our expense ratio and our cost structure to get more competitively priced and invest in marketing at the same time. So when I think about the broad areas where we are looking to get more efficient and where we have gotten more efficient over the last several years, first, distribution costs. So when you look at the progress we have made on creating a lower cost but more productive Allstate agency distribution system. We are really happy with the progress we have made there. And I have talked a little bit earlier about the increases in overall production. But underneath that, the even more significant increases in average productivity as we have fewer agents producing more volume today than was the case a couple of years ago. And within our expense ratio, the distribution cost component of our expense ratio has continued to come down while we have been able to do that. So I am really optimistic that as we move forward and look to grow in more states that our Allstate agency force is going to be a core part of that and we will continue to be able to do that, but do that at a lower distribution cost overall. On the operating cost side through the combination of becoming more digital, outsourcing, offshoring, just improving processes, we have seen pretty significant reduction in operating costs going forward and we are going to continue to hammer on that one. We have also seen similar improvements on the claim side. Although I will say we are going to continue to invest in claims as part of profit improvement plan to get more effective on a number of processes. And I think the combination of the efficiencies we will get in those three areas will help fund the marketing investments that we want to make and will make as we look to accelerate growth.
Mario Rizzo: No. National General is a core part of transformative growth. The reason we acquired National General was to, first and foremost improve our competitive positioning in the independent agent channel and we have done that. With the business, we got a very well run non-standard auto business that we have continued to grow and grow profitably over the last several years. We are in the, I will say, early stages of rolling out what we call Custom 360. As I mentioned, that’s the standard and preferred auto and homeowners offering. So we think there’s significant opportunity in the independent agent space. When you look at the size of the National General business when we bought it compared to what it is now, our total IA presence, say, at the beginning of 2021 was a little over $5 billion, which included National General plus the Allstate independent agent business, as well as the encompass business. It’s over $9 billion currently. So we have had a lot of success in that channel and we think there’s just a ton of opportunity both in non-standard auto, but in standard preferred homeowners in the IA channel, and we expect to continue to capture that opportunity and that’s a core part of how we are going to grow and a core part of the transformative growth strategy.
Mario Rizzo: Yeah. I think that’s a comprehensive answer, Tom. And I think the short answer, Yaron, is it’s going to be both through retention and new business acquisition. And certainly, as we said earlier, as more states get into the right zone from a margin perspective, we would expect the amount of rate we need to take in those states to diminish. That’s really, again, as Tom said earlier, is going to be a function of what the future loss trend looks like, but having to take less rate is a good thing from a retention perspective and we will continue to focus on that. And then in terms of new business, as we begin to invest in more states and do things like unwinding some of the restrictive underwriting actions we had to take to limit growth, invest in marketing and take full advantage of the broad distribution capabilities we have built across the Allstate exclusive agency system, direct and independent agent. We think we can fully leverage all the things we have been building with a better competitive position to help drive growth. But timing will be dependent on state-by-state, market-by-market, and influenced in large part by the competitive marketplace we are going to be operating in.
Mario Rizzo: No. We don’t have to take any of those actions, we have plenty of capital and we have plenty of capital today. When you look at our earnings power, we will have plenty of capital to fund whatever growth we think we can achieve.
Mario Rizzo: Yeah. Hi, Elyse. It’s Mario. So most of the growth that we have been experience in the National General has been in the non-standard auto space. And as you know, that’s a part of the market that’s had a lot of disruption competitively where a lot of carriers have really pulled out or certainly slowed their growth. With National General, we have taken the same approach from a profit improvement perspective as we have in Allstate, we have taken almost 23 points of rate over the last two years in National General. The non-standard auto book intends to turnover quickly, so you can reprice the book on a continual basis. And so we have stayed in that market, we generated meaningful growth in non-standard auto and we are comfortable with the margins that we are experiencing in that in that book of business and look to continue to grow that. On top of that, as I said earlier, we are rolling out the Customer 360, which is going up market. In the IA channel to write standard preferred auto and homeowners. Again, early stages there. The good news is, that product is in 16 states, we are getting good traction and it accounts for in the fourth quarter, it was about 70% of our standard auto and preferred new business production in the IA channel. We will expand that into additional states throughout the course of 2024 and into 2025. So we think that will be an additive opportunity in the IA space. But we are comfortable with what we have been writing non-standard auto and National General, we think there’s an additive opportunity as we look to really leverage Allstate’s capabilities in the middle-market to expand National General in that space in the IA channel.
Mario Rizzo: Yeah. I guess where I start is, as we talked over the last really couple of years about our profit improvement plan, it’s multidimensional, and one dimension that we have continued to focus on is just improving claim operational execution. The fact is, as much as continuing to reduce our cost structure improves our competitive position, really operational excellence and claims is another way to make sure that, we pay what we owe, but that also will translate into better competitive position over time. So we are focused on really, I would say, all elements of the claim process. It’s people, it’s process, it’s technology, analytics. And we are going to invest in the claims process moving forward across all those dimensions to just continue to invest in terms of people, making sure we have the right adjuster capacity. We went through a pretty significant turnover. It was really in 2022. That has largely subsided. So we have much more stability in terms of claim staffing, but we are focused on training claim staff and providing them the tools, both in bodily injury and in physical damage to operate in a way that, again, we pay what we owe, but we ensure that we eliminate any leakage in the system and again, that’s been a core part of the profit improvement plan going forward. We are investing in people to provide more oversight, get more eyes on cars in the physical damage side, do a much more effective job in terms of total loss evaluation on the injury side. Tom mentioned we are paying claims faster. We have reduced our pending inventory on the casualty side to the lowest level it’s been since well before the pandemic. We think that continues to reduce reserve risk going forward. So I would say, really, the answer is, we are going to continue to invest in claims broadly, because we just do believe it’s a core part of enabling us to be more competitive and ultimately translate into growth.
Mario Rizzo: Yes. So, Josh. On -- in terms of overall rate adequacy. Obviously, through the combination of the rates we have taken over the last couple of years, plus the inflation and replacement values in homes, that’s really fueling a pretty consistent and significant low-teens increase in average premiums. So this quarter that was about 12.5%, so we are seeing price flow through the system. And that doesn’t include, because as you know, with a 12-month policy, it takes 24 months to earn it all that rate. So a lot of the rate we took in 2023 we have yet to earn and we are going to we are going to keep at it in terms of staying on top of loss cost. The underlying combined ratio for the year was 67 improved by about 3 points, mid 60s is where we would like that number to be. So we are getting closer to that, we have more rate that’s going to earn in, and as Tom mentioned, we feel really good about our capabilities in homeowners and we are going to continue to lean-in and look to grow that business. From a bundling perspective, just 80% of our homeowners’ customers have a supporting line are bundled. That’s a pretty meaningful number and it happens at discount, it’s upwards of 15%. And again, what we think with that pricing the lifetime value of that bundled segment is substantial and we will write bundled customers all day long. Our agents are writing bundled business at an all-time high level north of 70% of new business we are incenting agents to write that, we are seeing more bundled business come through our call centers and our direct business. And as I talked earlier Custom 360 going up market is both in auto and home offering. So we think we are well-positioned across all three channels to continue to attract bundled business that we can be even more competitively priced and because of the discounting element, but also it’s a segment that we think generates substantial lifetime value and we are good at it, so we are going to keep that.
Mario Rizzo: We don’t do a forecast for either frequency or severity on a go-forward basis. I would say it’s whatever it is, we will make sure we get priced for it.
