Thomas Joseph Wilson: Good morning, Greg. It's Tom. As you know, and Pat mentioned it, it takes a while. So when we get a price approved, we obviously have to go through the regulators, and then once we do that, we have to program it in and start to roll it out to our customers, and those policies roll out over six months. And then of course it takes another six months before you collect it all. Matt can talk about the pace of change, but his team has been highly focused on this and aggressive making sure we are ahead of where the industry is going in terms of getting our pricing fixed so that when they catch up with us, we'll have an opportunity to grow again at profitable levels.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Greg, sometimes people are trying to forecast the combined ratio by quarter. You can do that. Obviously, what Matt just said is what he's been executing on which is we've made – we're getting good returns in the auto business today, but we've gotten much more attractive returns given our competitive position, and we're headed to do that. You could do the math, you could look at that bottom left-hand chart, you could look at the $1.1 billion or the $300 million, you can forecast about what time you think it will come in. You can – it's not complete dollar for dollar, but we have pretty high effectiveness on getting that through. And then you could look at just what happened to frequency and severity. So what Matt is saying is we're just at this, we know we need to make more money in auto insurance. We've made great progress, but we're not done yet.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Yeah, well, we have. Obviously, we're always trying to make sure we watch expenses, whether that be our marketing expenses, our technology expenses or our general overhead expenses. And our team has a lot of work going on on that third category. In marketing, you're right, it did come down. We took the opportunity. There's really no reason to continue to bang away and drop lots of money on advertising if your underwriting standards are tight and you don't really want to grow. Despite the fact that more people are shopping, one of the reasons we try to get out ahead of it is with our brand and our marketing we want to be open for business when other people are raising their rates so we pick up those shoppers. And so I think you should expect to see our expense ratio go up, but we're going to manage it to make sure that we still get the combined ratio target we're trying to get to. We did take this opportunity to refresh some of our programs and we feel good about what we're going to launch. But it's not like we went dark either. We advertise all the time. We look for folks. We have stuff going on. So it's not like we shut the place down, we just toggled it back a little bit.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Let me add one. So as Matt pointed out, he looks at – and our team really focuses on homeowners by state, or by in total, which you saw the numbers in total, by state and by territory, right. So it's broken down. What I would say is that severe losses like hail, straight-line winds, or tornados do come through the pricing models faster than severe losses that are caused by hurricanes or earthquakes because of the longer term nature of the actuarial science on that.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Hey, Josh, so Matt will answer your question, but just to be clear, we didn't say that favorable weather impacted first quarter results.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: I would point out actually our items in force were down this quarter from where we ended the year. So when you look at it sequentially, you really have to – we're down. We expect it to be down some. We're growing in other parts of the company. But this does have an impact on growth. We knew it was going to happen. We managed through it. We spend a bunch of time talking to our customers about policy changes and price increases. And so when you're doing that, you're not out trying to find new customers. So we're just working our way through it.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: When we started this, really – and you'll remember, Jay, I don't remember how many – maybe five, six years ago, we said we felt that the business needed to, with catastrophes over time, run in the low 80s% and then you can put in whatever kind of cat load you want. We're running there today. We're comfortable with it. The underlying bounces around a lot quarter-to-quarter. We didn't note in the fourth quarter that we thought that was a pretty low level at 56% and change because cat loads are typically not that high so that you need to be below 60%. So we're just trying to make sure we're competitive in the marketplace, give our customers a good return, handle the volatility. But because we handle that volatility, our shareholders get a good return, which based on the required capital levels we had initially meant in the lower part of the 80s%. That said, because we've improved the profitability, we now need to keep less capital, and so we manage it, as Matt said, we manage the stuff dynamically on – we're always looking at what's the right return on capital by state, by territory, and we adjust for it. So I think you should expect us to continue to deliver good risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders given that we're willing to take on the volatility of quarters like this quarter.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, I mean, obviously there's a risk of loss because homeowners will lose stuff when the house floods. The federal government sells flood insurance, we do not. Are there things that could go along with that? Cars get flooded out, stuff like that, sure. But we factor all of that into our pricing. So the Texas floods largely would not be one of the big elements we'd be responsible for.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: What we were indicating is we're going to put some new creative out with some – that is incorporated into a marketing program which is, you know, becoming more and more heavily digital as opposed to mass media. And so we're constantly adjusting that one as well. We don't have an established percentage of premiums that we say this is what we want to spend. We do it the way it was done and Matt had mentioned. Like, if we think we can write the business economically and it creates shareholder value then we look at the cost per acquisition, and we go out and do it, and we look at that with great precision, whether that comes through online stuff or whether it's through TV ads or radio ads. So what we're just trying to say is as it relates to expenses, the marketing expenses are down. They were down intentionally because we didn't really want to grow. And so now as we're coming through the profit improvement plan on auto, we will want to go back to growing. It will take us some time to get there. So this is not going to happen in every state, in every market, in every medium or every brand at the same pace. So I think you should expect to see our expense ratio increase a little bit as we go forward. But I don't think you should see it be a dramatic spike.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: That's a good question, Bob. So as you point out, we've been working on improving the returns in that business for some time. We feel like we've been making good progress. But the other thing I would say is we look at ROE, but we really manage for shareholder value. So the items when you look at that lower right-hand side and see what happened to annuities in terms of operating income, that hurt the current ROE. But we're okay with that. It hurt it for two reasons. One is obviously we harvested, I think, it was over $0.25 billion of gains and basically front-end loaded, what would have come through as operating income into book value when we sold the bonds, and now we're going to put it in longer term investments that obviously takes a while to get invested. So you earn – as Steve pointed out, we'd like try to get about 10% on that stuff. It takes a while to get that investment in and to actually get to 10% because it doesn't happen on day one. Secondly, it also makes us put up more capital because under the regulatory schemes, when you're investing your performance based investments, you put out more capital than you would put out some fixed income. We believe that's a good trade and in our shareholders' best interest. So we're willing to take an ROE hit if we believe that it generates long-term shareholder value, which in the end turns out to be total return-based for that immediate annuity portfolio. So we continue to work hard on. We've been taking capital out of Allstate Financial for, I don't know, Steve...
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Three years or something. So to the extent we can do that, to the extent we can use financing techniques in a variety of ways to do it, we continue to work on how do we raise the return on capital particularly as it relates to those annuity businesses. That said, we haven't come up with any what I would call synthetic approaches to do it. It's just been we've got to work the money hard.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: No. We've just always said it's a 12-month forecast. We don't hold ourselves accountable for it. You'll remember last year we were bumping along towards the top end of the range. When we get to the third quarter, we thought we might actually end up outside the range so we let everybody know that, and we had a great fourth quarter and came in below the range. So it bounced around. We see no need to update our outlook there.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Well, as you point out, we now have I think it's 1,050,000 or so people currently connected to us on a daily basis. We pull different kinds of information from them. That enable us to do a couple things. You're absolutely right it enables us to price more accurately because when we are determining what we should charge somebody, we have to put them into groups and actuarially sort that out. In this case, we can basically put them into different groups because we know how you brake, what time you drive, there's a variety of things that enable us to give customers more accurate price and oftentimes that's a lower price more attractive price for them. With that, we can also provide them that connectivity in the one hour a day they spend in their car is where we can add additional value for them. For example, today we have the safer you drive, the more rewards you get. If you can get safe drive rewards, it gives you discounts on things. Our customers like that. It improves our value proposition form. And so that will develop over time. We have a slightly different model than some of the other people in the business who are doing it mostly for the more accurate pricing. So they can do a one-time shot of people and get a sense that ours is a different model. I'm not declaring ours is the right one. I'm just telling we're taking a slightly longer term customer value look at that. We still have a lot of work to do to develop that to build those relationships and figure out how to interact with our customers. So this will be a lot of work for us that has the potential to generate additional value for our shareholders, but we're investing heavily in doing that.
Thomas Joseph Wilson: Okay. First, this is maybe a summary here. This is a kind of quarter that our business is built for. We had to protect people from uncertain things like hail storms that happen to them. At the same time, our shareholders can handle the quarterly earnings volatility, and as a result of that, get attractive returns. Secondly, we know how to run a property casualty business, and that shows up in the way we executed this year. Our investment portfolio is thought about on a risk adjusted return basis, so we're trying to be thoughtful on both a short-term and long-term basis and again factoring in how we want to drive long-term value creation. And then the weather has gotten more volatile, which obviously is a growth opportunity for us because if some people have more disasters, they need more coverage, and we need to get back to growth in our auto and other businesses. But we're having good growth particularly in our benefits business this quarter. So thank you for taking the time, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Greg, it's Matt. Thanks for the question. Everything that Tom just said is true, and that would be true if we were in a completely static environment, but we're not. So we're in a still moving environment. So we did see auto frequency moderate in the first quarter compared to the last half of 2015. And as a result, as you said, because of the rate taken, average earned begun outpacing loss cost trends in the quarter. That's a really good thing. But we are questioning whether some of the moderation of frequency may have been due to weather in the first quarter; we don't know. But we're not sure exactly whether or not we've seen the rise – the end of the rise in auto frequency, a stabilization or just normal fluctuation. So from that perspective, we continue to execute on our profit improvement plan, and we refine that profit improvement plan as time goes on and we get more information, greater clarity on the trend line, and that's true not only on frequency but it's true on severity as well. And as you've seen, I'm sure you've looked at fourth quarter Fast Track, it showed a clear acceleration across the industry in PD and collision severity. That's due to total loss is up, higher cost to repair more complex cars, greater number of parts replaced, a whole host of different factors. Allstate has historically outperformed the industry in managing those costs. It looks like in first quarter we may have given up some of that advantage due to responding to the high catastrophe load and increased frequency, but our goal is to get back to our competitive position there and lead the industry. But the end result of all of that is that we'll continue to execute all four components of the profit improvement plan. We'll continue to monitor the emergence of both frequency and severity trends, and we'll ensure that we are keeping pace with loss cost trends because we know that once you fall behind those trends, it's really hard, due to the timing Tom referred to, to really ever catch up quickly.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Josh, it's Matt. I'll start with the first question about rate in auto going forward. You know that we don't disclose our rate plan for the year. We do disclose the fact that we have every intention of staying ahead of our loss cost trends, and as we monitor those, we continue to take rate as necessary. We have robust rate plans. We revise and amend and change them on an almost ongoing basis as we watch the emergence of loss costs. The only thing I can tell you is that there is some public information about rates that has already been filed and approved so far this quarter. You're free to go and search out publicly available information, but I can't give you anything beyond that.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Well, I'll answer it this way: as we look, we always have a cat load that we take into account as we're looking at rate need overall. We have to figure out what is normal volatility and normal catastrophe activity and when we're at a new norm and whether weather patterns are changing and non-modeled cats are increasing due to global warming, we will and are continuing to look at that. And if we determine that this is a new norm, we will price appropriately for it. But that's a tough question, and I don't think that we will change something based upon a set of cats that took place over a ten-day period. So it will take more than that. But it's a good point that we have to look at whether or not we're in a new weather environment and a new cat environment, and if so, how we react. I guarantee we will react to ensure that we earn economic risk-adjusted returns in Texas and every other state where we have cat exposure.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Boy, everybody has a theory on this one. I personally will tell you that we don't believe that there's any historical trend in seasonality that holds true all the time. There's generalities, but last quarter was one of the warmest first quarters in the last 20 years. Things change, and who knows what's going to happen in fourth quarter in terms of weather, in terms of catastrophes. And so I don't put that much credence into kind of seasonality predictions. I think they're informative, they help us plan for things, but there have been more exceptions to the rules lately than the rules.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Yeah, Josh, it's Matt. I think your question is really about – I think you referred to it as actuarial, but I think you were referring to whether or not if we have some uncertainty about some of the causal factors in gross frequency, whether that impacts our ability to price and take rate. Rate indications are at a paid, not at a gross and they're based upon your net trends and your indication, and we go to the regulators and the insurance departments with a robust actuarial package that shows net trends current indications. And so most of that, quote, uncertainty about telling you what we think weather did to gross frequency trends last quarter is irrelevant to the pricing packages that we've put together which are based upon much more precise information. As far as the BI severity and why it's down, yes, you are correct, we have talked to you about our enhanced medical injury handling program. Part of that is an attempt to get through BI cases quickly, especially those that have enhanced injuries. And so a lot of the decrease in BI severity that you saw this last quarter was a mix issue because we're paying a lot more current claims. The more current claims tend to be lower severity claims. That's one of the reasons you see BI frequency up a little this quarter because we handled a bunch more claims, and we went through them. And so you always have that volatility in results in long-tail coverages, and there's a lot of complexity in BI. So it's hard to look at BI paid severity on a quarter-by-quarter basis and make any sense out of it. You have to look at it on the longer term basis, and you have to look at it in conjunction with the frequency to see how much of that volatility is influenced by mix. And in this last quarter, we think a fair amount was influenced by mix. That being said, we think we're making good progress in managing BI severity appropriately.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Well, that must be a Josh question because both Joshes have tried to get me to predict my rate taking activity, which I can't do.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Amit, it's Matt. It's an interesting question. But let me be clear that we have an Allstate philosophy for both how we reserve, which is very conservatively. Somebody else's prior-year development is really not that instructive for us. It's interesting, we look at it. It always provides context and information, but we have fairly precise ways that we approach this and that we ensure that we're reserved appropriately. And as I said when I answered Greg's, I think our level of detailed study as we determine where to take rate, how much rate to take, what the net trends are, what the indications are, number one, the level of thoroughness has shown up in our effectiveness in getting rate approved in each of the states. But two, it allows us to react to our information as opposed to others. Everybody is in a different place. Everybody is in a different place in terms of what the rate is, where their rate is, how much rate they need to take to respond to current trends. We saw at the beginning of last year very few people talking about any frequency or severity issues. And then later on, everybody talking about it. So everybody's timing appears to be different, and we're focused on our own book of business, our own trends and our own math.
Matthew E. Winter - President: Hi, Bob. It's Matt. Yes, thanks for noticing. Yeah, we did have some reserve strengthening. The vast majority of it was in commercial auto and then a little bit in prop. And it's the same drivers that existed on all the other underwritten standard auto brands, it was frequency, severity trends and unfortunately I don't think we were at the proper rate level when those hit, and so catching up takes a little longer. And we have to be more dramatic, and you have seen that and you will continue to see that. So we're going to move aggressively to get that business to the point where it's really serving what I think could be a really unique strategic purpose. In addition to bringing in appropriate risk adjusted returns. This is a great marketplace for Allstate. The small business – we were Main Street, USA. We have a lot of our existing standard auto and homeowner customers' own small businesses. We have natural connections and a natural brand affinity, and my goal and our goal, the team's goal, is to get the profitability at an appropriate level, get the returns where they should be and then deploy this as a strategic asset as part of our broader trusted advisor strategy to serve the full range of customers with their full range of needs.
