Tom Wilson: Elyse, this is Tom. So Glenn will answer for the Allstate brand, if you want to go into the other brands, let us know. And as you know, we don't give you -- we don't give breakouts -- in the underlying combined ratio guidance.
Tom Wilson: Well, Elyse, we obviously don't comment any transactions that people think we could show or maybe or thinking about. So I have no comment on that. What I can tell you is we've always been very aggressive about managing our capital as I'll do the second part first. So whether that's to use -- do share repurchases by companies were better owners than somebody else continue to grow our business. So that part won't change at all, as it relates to that. We have as you know; we've been working hard on improving the long-term economic returns on the annuity business, which have hurt the current book returns.  So, specifically, for the payout annuities, which are long dated liabilities, some 20, 30, 40 years? The right way to invest behind those liabilities, much like you would have pension fund, put it mostly in equities, because once you get past 10 years, your return on equities is twice what it is in bonds and your risk is lower. So the downside to that is that the regulators require a significant capital requirement for equity because they think about the equities as being volatile on a day-to-day basis, not on a 10-year basis. So we've been working with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners to come up with horizon-based capital standards, particularly as it relates to equities and the payout annuity, which would free-up a tremendous amount of capital, of course that we could then use the way we -- I started to talk about.  So we're looking at every possible way we can improve every element of our capital deployment each and every day, whether that's the annuity business using reinsurance, using preferred stock, buybacks stock. So it's just a part of life for us. So you should know, we're focused on how do we improve returns annuities and thinks that there's opportunities where we can take advantage of when we run forward.
Tom Wilson: Well, this is Tom. By any -- you mean -- I would say that the -- if you look at the Allstate brand, Glenn's got a number of strategies, different states where he thinks he can grow faster. Obviously, retention is always a benefit that we get from -- Esurance you saw 10% growth last year. So we are feeling good about that. It's back on the --again decent market share gain. Encompass less so, so that would be one where I would say we still need to come up with a sustainable growth plan that drives items in force.
Tom Wilson: Greg, good morning. Let me -- first let me again I'd like to set a little bit of context. So the Allstate brand homeowner business is very attractive for us, $7 billion of premium, made $470 million of underwriting income in a year, weather a fair amount of catastrophe. So it's a business we like and does well. Obviously, things bounce around from quarter-to-quarter and Glenn can talk about this specific question. 
Tom Wilson: I think it bounces around a lot Mike, -- what you do want to do and what we try to do is just be flexible, quick and adapt to it. So if it goes up you've got to raise prices. If it goes down, you have to make sure it goes down and then maybe you don't raise prices much and you get a little bit of retention and you've seen both of those stories in the last four years.
Tom Wilson: When Glenn gave it a number of 30% of the Allstate brand, the Esurance brand was up substantially more than 30%. They really got focused on it this year. We're finding the adoption rate to be relatively high in going up but you have to manage it. So you have to manage the initial conversation. You have to manage the onboarding and you have to manage not just the conversion rate but the retention rate, so you also have to manage the ongoing relationship. So we focus on all of those components. We've made progress on all those components in 2018. We don't give the specific numbers out because that's just too competitive and everybody else does it. As it relates to where it can go, I think most insurers are going to include telematics, most auto insurers include telematics' pricing, and it's just way too powerful.  It's every bit as powerful as credit was when that was adapted. So the industry is going to adapt it. We made that call when we decided to build areas of platform that we thought it just -- it's too powerful rating factor and if you go back, just the location, so if you price your auto insurance by where somebody is car's garaged, people figure that out. So they garage at one place and drive it someplace else, because it's cheaper. So not everybody does that but it leads to small inefficiencies in the market and to the extent you can be more efficient than when, where and how they drive, it can give you much better pricing.  So it's going to happen. It's hard to tell what the adoption rate will be. But I think you could look at credit as an example and see how that rolled out in the industry over a period of time and basically almost everybody using some form of credit or some proxy for that today.
Tom Wilson: Hi, obviously, you're correct in saying that. 2019 is not 2018 and it wasn't the prior 10 years or 11 years how long we've been doing this. And so we look at each year differently. We feel comfortable with 86%, 88%. I would -- there is one word you said that I don't think is accurate which is conservative. We set the range that we think we're going to be in the range. We don't set the range; we think we would be below the range. We pick a number we think is reasonable. This year we revised the range down as you pointed out after the first quarter because frequency was down so much relative to the prior year that we didn't think that we would be in the range anymore. And obviously, we're not -- we were in the middle of the new range. But not where we said beginning of the year. And so that's one of those trends that I mentioned, you just can't forecast. Like that we have no ability to forecast frequency in total, we have our estimates. We look at our trends, Glenn goes by a number of times renewed by --looks at frequently model, make a model, he's going to organize a work on it. But if you said, do we have a solid number that goes into 88, 86 to 88, we make an estimate on that frequency and what we can manage to.  And I think that's the other important part. We think we can manage to 86 to 88, depending on what happens in the marketplace. And we think it's in the right place to be because we're earning incredibly high or we don't -- we have very attractive returns on capital at that level. And so we should be growing the business there.
Tom Wilson: Well, as Mario mentioned, we set three objectives when we did the acquisition things we needed to do and that included the growth you talked about in the domestic retail business. And we've achieved all three of those objectives. Don, can give you some color on growth, the breadth of the growth as growth rate.
Tom Wilson: And Kai, so as Don said, look, we create shareholder value by component. So you are right to ask about the components. We think about it that way but we also look in total. And to the extent we think there is another component we can grow, you can say it hurts a total a little bit. We will do it. So for example SquareTrade had really good growth in European telecom business. 
Tom Wilson: Yaron, I don't know. We don't manage other people's books of business. So we try to just -- we watch what they do. There are some people they run combined ratios higher than we think we need to. We think that the economic rent you can extract in a market relative to value create one that we are very comfortable with. So if we look at our combined ratio whether that be auto or homeowners, we think it's very attractive. There are other people running combined ratios in homeowner insurance which we wouldn't do either and they are growing quite quickly. So we try to manage our own book and look to the -- I don't -- I don't think like these trends that you are seeing in severity will impact other people is our assessment.  I can't say when and how to react to that. 
Tom Wilson: Glenn can talk about how is thinking about pricing relative to auto but I want to just take it up a little bit to its both growth and profitability. And doing a better job for our customers. I think what you saw in 2018 in terms of our growth was not just pure price increases but the back add for three or four year we've been working hard on the net promoter score. And the benefits of those improvement got overshadowed by the fact that we did what you describe which was raise prices faster than other people so our retention went down.  So if you looking at profitable growth it's both what we priced to which Glenn and I talked about, but also how much for our existing business will retain. 
Tom Wilson: We absolutely, Ryan, we don't like to give some underlying combined ratios for the different component. But let me just maybe make a comment about the pretty big headwind. The underlying combined ratio for homeowners which is in the low 60s because there is such large amount of catastrophe that accompany that business. And as Glenn said, we manage it into total. We give you the underlying combined ratio because we can't estimate to the answers. And, yes, the underlying combined ratio was up some in 2018 versus the prior year. It still though, we are still earnings 93 combined, 893 combined ratio maybe 479 also.  I don't know that we thought of it as a headwind. Are we taking attention to it? Yes. And Glenn can talk about the underlying combined ratio, some comments --
Tom Wilson: Well, we of course change so why don't we have John take it to that because here I would say one we think the numbers are accurately reflect what we earned in 2018. We make changes in reserve picks for the specific year in which we are operating as we go through the year. Sometimes if you make them in October or you should have made them in June then you got a little bit of catch up and I think that's what you were referring to. But it's not a significant element as it relates to the Allstate brands. Some of the smaller brands can have a little bigger quarterly swing because of those true ups but they are also brand usually big enough or it doesn't make much of a difference. So but and John can help you to sort of any additional details.  So thank you for being on the call Allstate strategy. It's obviously to protect people from life's uncertainty. We will continue to reward shareholders by -- decide to be part of our story which is by innovating growing market share and earning attractive return. So thank you all for being on the call. Talk to you next quarter.  End of Q&A
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So, thank you, Elyse. I want to start with just a little bit of context on it, and then talk about the issue itself and actions from it. So from a context standpoint, as you know, the losses represent about 70% of the combined ratio and within those losses, because we price Allstate auto in total. You have physical damage about half of it and then you've got the injury coverage, just about half of it. And then within those, you have frequency and severity impacting each of those. So those four quadrants right now, we actually see three of them performing as expected or well, favorable severity in both injury and physical damage, and then the injury lines are performing as expected as you can see in our reserve releases. No question, there's pressure on the physical damage part of it, and they are similar trends to what we saw in the prior. So, the issues in industry wide one, we've seen more sophisticated cars costing more to repair. And as a result of that, particularly at the high-end of repairs, more cars are then reaching sort of that capitation level of a total loss. So you'll see across industry trends, not only in the fast track numbers of overall severity up, you'll see that more cars are reaching a total loss threshold, particularly in recent model years. And I'll give you a specific example just to illustrate, because our team in claims, in our actuaries and our product folks, they do a ton of work getting deep into making model and what's driving different trends.  So a specific example, take a Camry, which is pretty common vehicle, and we look from 2013 through 2018, what the changes were repairing the front-end impact. And the answer is in that five year window, they've doubled. It's the impact of more sophisticated cars with sensors that are actually helping us on the frequency side, but they're costing more to repair. That added $1,700 alone, just the sensors that help avoid accidents. A really specific component taking on that car specifically is the headlight. Headlight went from $360 in 2013 to over $1,900 in 2018 and I give you the specifics and example for two reason; one, is to give you an idea of what's going on and what we see and make a model. Two, is to illustrate we do go deep on this issue and we look at it very thoughtfully. So that takes you to what you do about it. One lever is rate, which obviously we look at on market-by-market basis, where we need to take pricing. The next would be to be more sophisticated and laser focused on that rate. So how do we get better and better -- making model pricing, which we do today, specific making model pricing. But the more we learn, the deeper we go, the more sophisticated we get into specific making model pricing. And the third one would be working with OEMs and their community on improving the overall cost of repair, because as more and more cars are reaching their total loss threshold, I don't think -- there's anybody to have a sort of disposable vehicles, that in the newer model years and we want to be able to repair cars and return them to customers.  And answer to the question about whether it's included, we absolutely include all the factors that we look at in giving guidance and it's included retroactively in all of our financials are open and are projected in there.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, thanks, Gary. So first talking about the agents. It's really; it's a fun part of what's going on right now in terms of our growth. And it's -- I'd call it a system wide growth because you're touching on an important part because you can see the policy growth, you can see the premium growth but what's really happening underneath that is we've got 2,700 more points of sales. And new agents join us to start the -- our new sales people join an agency because they want to win. They don't start it to stay flat, they want to grow and we're attracting them because right now, we're competitive in the market. There's good health in the system as Tom said, we're retaining more customers which is helpful to the growth. And with those additional points of contact, we have good momentum sort of built into the system and we're growing in a healthy way. And we're competitive in the market. You also asked about the new business coming in and how it's bundling and yes, by telematics. So quickly on those. Bundling has been very favorable, we're bundling more of our new business than we have historically. We also have more people buying full coverage than we've seen historically both of those are good bellwethers for the quality of business. And from a telematics standpoint, we grew that by 30% this year. We added over 300,000 connections, active connections to our Drivewise. And on the Milewise side which is the pay per mile, or Tom mentioned before.  That's -- I think about it like a startup with small numbers but it's growing like crazy. In the fourth quarter alone, we over doubled the size of Milewise as an offering for us. So it's an exciting area where we're growing our business.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, Greg. I think there is mix there at the quarter-over-quarter versus the year-over-year change. So, yes, it did come down quarter-over -- from the third quarter to the fourth quarter but year-over-year it was up a couple of points in terms of the underlying combined. But to Tom's point, in a year with a lot of catastrophes particularly in the fourth quarter, we produced our recorded combined. And I'd like to go the recorded because we are managing the overall risk over the long-term of catastrophe; it is a big part of what we do. We focus on the underlying. [933] in year that has type of catastrophes we had was pretty strong. And then you have to -- before the fourth quarter you had to go back almost seven years to have a quarter that didn't produced an underwriting profit.  So strong work across the system which is the underwriting approach that we take. It's the pricing, the reinsurance which obviously played a part in fourth quarter for us. And our claims approach that we think ultimately get caught, part of your question relative to the underlying I would say, 2018 was an extremely wet year. I mentioned that in the third quarter, continued into the fourth a bit. It was a heavy, heavy rain year. We got some pricing for that. We reacted to it. We saw the 1.1 growth rate in the fourth quarter which is rate not premium because we do have the automatic inflationary factors in the policies as well.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, we work -- there's a lot of different approaches we take in our claims team does really great job working on agreed pricing with large auto body shop aggregators and there's a number of components that how they're trying to manage overall costs. Specific to the tariffs, it's something we're keeping an eye on similar to other things we look at from an inflationary standpoint. Like we look at the cost of petroleum because a lot of auto parts and certainly roofing materials and homeowner's petroleum based and we look at price of steel to Tom's point, the tariffs would be another inflationary factor we look at because about 60% of auto glass for example comes from China. And you have a significant percentage of metallic auto parts coming from China as well. So as those work through the system, that's essentially an element inflation that we watch.
Glenn Shapiro: Yes, this is Glenn. I'll take that on that. We look at, first of all, I think setting context on it, and we had the same underlying combined ratio two years in a row. We look at our margins and we manage for an attractive return. And I think we've shown that where we went after pricing, when we had to with the frequency spike a few years ago and we showed in the fourth quarter on homeowners where we saw some trends there and had to block the pricing. So on a state-by-state and market-by-market basis, we're going to look at the pricing and keep in mind our competitiveness, our need for rate and act accordingly with it. Where you saw the last couple of quarters with very low rate is we had taken a lot of rate a little bit ahead of the rest of the industry, following that frequency spike. And we were more rates adequate in more places. So it was reflected in good stable rate environment for our customers who help with the retention, helps with the growth. But as that turns, we will on a market-by-market basis make those decisions.  I can't project forward obviously for you what rate we'll take but I think our history is good evidence of the fact that we'll take the rate necessary to make sure we're managing our margins appropriately.
Glenn Shapiro: I'll just add on, as we look at pricing we see competitors as you do in filings. Some are still taking some rates, others aren't. The CPI most recent number which is trailing indicator but was between 5 and 6. And it's come down from much higher than that, and is expected to continue to come down because the filings are different now than they were late 2017 and early 2018 which create that filing change CPI and auto. But the other thing I would look at is, we look at, watch the absolute price change. So we don't start with what the competitive position of particular carrier is. And now we look internally at our competitive position by market and by competitor and so somebody may take a 3% price decrease. But if they are 10% higher than the market and they take, well, they are still higher than the market. So in an absolute level we are looking at our competitiveness on a more granular level than the price changes. 
Glenn Shapiro: Yes. So we took it seriously. We talked about it last quarter that we were seeing more non CAT weather. And we had to look at that as we always do by market. We looked at pricing. And so you saw us react with some pricing at 1.1 in the quarter and then you annualize that. That's meaningful move on pricing. And then on top of that, that's rate we get an inflationary factor so the premium is a larger number than what you see in rate.  We can't predict to much like and talk about frequency. We can't predict whether we are going to have another significant non-CAT weather year. We know that, we look at trends, our actual results whether you look at five year, 10 years, 15 years. The one year trend looks worse than the five which looks worse than the 10 generally. So if weather patterns are getting worse and here to stay then we are prepared to react to that with the right pricing. 
