GlennShapiro: I think on the bundling side, I would look at as it actually -- I'd flip it the way Tom did there, we’re actually seeing some increase in bundling, and I think that's helping our homeowners. So part of the story and the homeowners growth, it's only part because we got a lot of good parts of the story and homeowners there is bundling. In terms of Milewise and Drivewise, I'll talk about both of them, we definitely see increased demand. So right now, we have Milewise available to 45% of the market and we're continuing this year to roll out to more states. And we have Drivewise just about everybody is one state that doesn't allow it. But the demand for telematics has gone significantly up. Milewise, for example, admittedly a relatively small base, but was up 35% in terms of sales. So people are looking at the pandemic. They're not driving as much. We're advertising it a little bit. And we're getting a lot of people interested in the notion of pay by mile. From a Drivewise standpoint, most people really want to now include the telematics as part of their offering from us. So we're seeing a nice upswing on the demand post pandemic.
GlennShapiro: And I always want to emphasize on this. Our exclusive agents are a huge strategic advantage for us and a core capability for Allstate. As much as we talk about and I'm excited about the direct growth and what we can do in the independent agent channel, a large, large channel out there and a lot of customers really like to go to a local agent and a branded agent like an Allstate agent to go there. So it's a great model for us and we want those agents to keep winning. So what we've done with existing agents is, as you know, we've shifted compensation a little bit, we've motivated more on the new business side than just on the renewal side. But we're also working with them on the way we market. We're putting more money into marketing. We really want them to be successful. From a new agent standpoint, we've got a few models in market right now. And without going too detailed into it, the general theme would be, if you think about the virtual world we're operating in, can you have a local agent that doesn't really require brick and mortar? And we think the answer is yes to that. That there's an opportunity for agents to be a local point of sale, people who are active in the community, people who have relationships locally and sell through those relationships in their communities, but don't necessarily have a staff and have a brick and mortar office where we perform the back end service in a more centralized way. It's a significantly lower cost model to get started, as Tom mentioned, and one that we're pretty bullish on our ability to scale.
GlennShapiro: Just a couple of things, I'll hit there. One would be, you mentioned, Tom, that close rates, like so we keep a really close eye and our close rates and our close rates have improved. Our new business is up. I mean you look at -- you're talking, Greg, auto but I'll say, auto and home, we were up 2% and 8% respectively, between on new business. So folks are buying the product and you really can't sell the product if you're out of the market from a competitive standpoint. So those are good signs that we are, but we're working to get more competitive. And the last point I'll make with it is, I always go back to this. We manage state by state. We have a talented group of state managers that like they've got their hands on the lever in each state and they're looking at the competitive position, specifically in that market. And as Tom said, on which types of business are we more or less competitive on younger drivers, older drivers, homeowners, not homeowners, married, not married all, all the different components in there, and they're pulling those levers and getting us as competitive as we can be while earning attractive returns.
GlennShapiro: I think if you think about that chart and you look across at the direct part, too, I think it's a similar story. I think 2020 is a story really good success. We've built the foundation in that year and actually managed to grow more on the Allstate side than we lost on the Esurance side. And so that's sort of an ideal scenario that while you're in the midst of the muck and the mire of making a change like that, that you actually are able to grow it. We absolutely are making that type of change within the EA system. As we've said, we've got a lot of agents out there that are phenomenal at what they do and they grow and we're going to invest with them and have them be successful, then we have a new model upcoming. I think the way to look at this is to across all three channels. With EAs, we will ramp up some time later this year some new models and through next year. And so there's that coming as well as work with the existing EAs that really know how to grow. With direct, we've really done a lot of the heavy lifting of making the transition and we should be able to continue to grow, and we're very confident in our ability to continue to grow it. With IA, which is really, for all intents and purposes, a bit of a new channel for us. I know we've had Encompass in the small Allstate independent agents in there. But really jumping into the top five will start like the first state will roll out in the third quarter of this year with new products going upmarket on the National General platform, National General and Allstate company platform, and then multiple states per month and like we'll be finished with the rollout across all 50 states through 2022. So you can kind of see all of these things coming together, and we're building a long term and sustainable growth platform across all of the channels.
GlennShapiro: Yes. I don't know I can add a lot to what you said, Tom. I think you hit it well. I mean the retention is in a decent range right now. So it's off of our highs that we hit. But we're within a long term window on retention of where we've operated and certainly, all the things that Tom mentioned had a drag on it. We know that the coming due of special payment plans had some drag on it, and the competitive environment. We know that there were some competitors out there that took some rate down. We also know that people facing financial hardship either shop, some people even give up a car. So all of those things have some play in it. And as you said, Tom, the attribution is next to impossible on that. But we're within a decent range of our long term retention and we're focused on it. And of course, we want to retain every customer that we work hard to get in the first place.
GlennShapiro: So we've got some capability there that is, I would call it, developing. And it's about accident notification. And I think this is -- Tom talked about it being the wave of the future for pricing, which I totally agree with from the telematics. I think it's going to be the wave of the future. When you think about connected cars, you think about our devices in OBD ports or even the mobile, there's accident detection through Arity through the mobile telematics. So early notification, emergency notification, first notice of loss taking are all areas in development, and I think will be a wave of the future.
TomWilson: No, those numbers are for the entire year. And what we're trying to show there is that we've successfully made the transition to the Allstate brand selling direct, both operationally, which wasn't simple, by the way, in terms of changing web flows and all kinds of other stuff. They're getting the branding changed and putting the price discount in if you buy direct under the Allstate brand because it doesn't come with an agent. So we've made that change. And what that shows is that overall, we grew. We did keep selling some under the Esurance brand those companies because they're open, people call, get on our Web site, they track their way down to it. So it's really low cost business. So we didn't completely shut off, Josh, the Esurance. So you can still buy. Over time, it will go away as we cut advertising it and quit doing and people could come into that Web site. So what it's really trying to show there is that we've made the turn indirect, and we feel good about our ability to operate under 1 brand, and there were many people who didn't think that was possible, whether that was perceived channel conflict or just operational capabilities.
TomWilson: I think I would go up all the way up to the top and say that what we said is we can grow the market share on personal property liability and as a company we'll deliver 14% to 17% return on equity. And we believe that will drive lots of shareholder value, both in terms of economic value creation and valuation multiples. When you look specifically at the components of that, we have a headwind in investment income with low interest rates. We do have and have had for a long time great profitability in auto insurance. We would have put a longer period of time in there, but the pension accounting kind of changed the way we did it. But we've been earning great returns in the auto insurance business for a long time and expect to continue. At a 94, you still earn a really attractive return on equity because you don't have to put up as much capital on that line and some other lines. And so 94 would be the book -- we like to make as much money as we can and grow as fast as we can, and it's really about how do you drive net present value to the whole company. So we don't publish and have a target of safety there. But 94 would be a return I would be highly comfortable with. I'd be comfortable at 93, I'd be comfortable with 95. They're all really great returns. The other part to focus on is homeowners insurance where that's a higher capital return business and so we have a lower combined ratio there. And we're 10 to 15 points better than another large public competitor, which is somewhere between $700 million and $1 billion a year of profit. So we think all of those then add up to 14% to 17% return. So we're comfortable we can grow the business and earn good returns. And it will bounce around, as you mentioned this year, frequency went way down. So we made a bunch more money. If frequency goes back up, we'll just have to raise our prices up. And the question is are you good at it. And the point of putting those two statistics on the bottom of that page was just to give our shareholders comfort that we have a history of managing returns and profitability, and we expect to continue to do it. Not going to be the same every year because the world changes but we know how to make money.
TomWilson: I would say we don't know yet. But we do think it will be lower cost, if you want to look at it that way. You might have to have more people doing it. And then, David, you get a little bit of math because the existing agents also have salespeople in their office. So when you do it by agent but then these people might be so low producers. So net-net, we think we know over half the people want to buy from a person and having a person local is good. It's just the way we've traditionally done it hasn't given us as much growth and it's costs don't need to be as high as they are today.
TomWilson: And I think if -- the underlying question there was are existing agents performing well enough to keep retention levels up or somehow made a mat or something like that, our answer there would be no. We don't see anything in there that says that existing agents are doing anything that they haven't done before, that they're not stepping up and helping their customers even more in the pandemic. I mean they really reached out tons of calls on shelter in place and the payment plans and that kind of stuff. So our agents were doing a great job. I don't think there's anything structurally in there as it relates to this transition that says we're not -- and I would point out that, that's a huge part of agent compensation. So their interests are aligned with our interest, which is keeping our customers happy.
TomWilson: We closed National General on January 4th. So that in and of itself means we'll get that revenue for the entire year. So you should expect to see total auto premiums go up throughout the year. We would expect that as we continue to roll out things in the Allstate brand that we start to see some more growth in that business over time. And yes, but we don't really give it out even do it by quarter, just as much as you can. In terms of the long term, we'll take anybody we can get. So we have one out of 10. We still got nine out of 10 to go. I'd be happy if all of them got a lot bigger and that's what we're setting up to do. So we don't have a percentage. When you look at percentages from what customers want, it's probably today, 25% of the customers really prefer self serve and it's a range. If you look at those who want an agent, it's over 50% and usually around 65% or about 60%. And then in between, you have people who are sort of -- they go with whatever is in front of them and they're indifferent. So we think there's plenty of opportunity to grow. Some of the shift you see in channels is really due to customers wanting it differently, like not feeling like they need help to buy the product. Some of the shift is just because direct companies have been advertising more. So you all loud enough and people come to you. So we think what we should do is give people exactly what they want, give them choice. And what they want with the person is really to help buy it. They need and want less help on service. And so the existing insurance agent businesses have been built on both. What we're trying to focus on is really helping them buy and then give them self serve or have computers do it or whatever to lower the cost on the service side because it's cheaper, better and faster. So we don't need to do as much local service as we do. So we'll take as many people as we can get through any channel.
TomWilson: Gary, let me make a couple of comments. First, I don't believe it's actually driven people to us. So I think with our advertising when they get to us, and then we talk to them about it, so that's interesting. And what it enables us to is give them a more accurate price, which protects them competitively. So the more accurate the price they are -- if someone takes them away from us, and we're really accurate through a lower price, then they'll we think, lose money. And we won't lose people because we're overpriced for the risk. So it will drive more sustainability to growth as opposed to people calling us and saying, hey, I want to. That doesn't mean people don't see our ads and say, geez, I'm tired of paying this much for insurance, and I hardly drive sort cost. But I'm not seeing a big well spring of people saying cost, it tends to be more in the sale itself. In terms of a long-term basis, I think this is the way that pricing will be done. I mean insurers for a long time have been trying to get more and more accurate on the individual risk, particularly in auto insurance and home insurance for that matter, of course, going to telematics here. But as credit was a big move, I don't know, 15 or 20 years ago when we first got into that using stuff out of the credit file and is very powerful. This is very powerful, as powerful, not so much in the fat part of the curve, they're being moderate risk people. But in really low risk or really high risk people, it's very effective. So I think it will lead to more sustainable growth through better retention because we'll have a really accurate and competitive price.
TomWilson: Gary, I would expand on that and say, if you go to digital claims settlement, we believe we've been leading the industry, whether that's a quick photo claim, whether that's using algorithms to look at pictures and decide how you should settle the claim. I know another company is talking about going into a SPAC and raising some money. We've worked extensively with that company. We think our platform, our technology and the ability to utilize data will make us even better at settling claims. So it's not really related to telematics but it's really related to digitization of the business, which is another way that we're trying to change both our business model and really our culture, with just to drive that kind of growth. So thank you all for participating. We are trying to build really transformational growth business models. It's more than a plan. It's really a way of life. And we expect to deliver increased growth and earn good returns, which will both create economic value just because we make more money and should lead to higher valuation multiples. Thank you much. We'll talk to you next quarter.
