John Stauch: Yes. I think -- first of all, I think we're pleased with the order trend and the sell-through rates in pool and very excited about the business' resiliency. And as we think through what's happened in the channel, I think most of that -- those orders in Q2 were served through inventory, so there's an opportunity, and certainly, the demand is to refill that inventory in the channel and continue to meet the external demand. So that's why Bob's comments we're very optimistic about what the back half looks like, and we're very hopeful that we continue to see that strong demand.
John Stauch: No. I think because even in June, you'd have to look as two halves. I think as the country started opening up, certainly in June, very strong demand recovered. And as we started to see a pullback across the main states, and certainly across the United States, we started to see the trends start to slow again. I think our forecast assumes we just don't see recovery. And in fact, we continue to see continued pullbacks to deal with the pandemic. And so I think it's a balanced place to be right now.  As Bob's notes determined, we saw a big -- we did see a big pickup in residential. And residential water quality, especially in people's homes, is a high-demand area. That accelerated throughout the quarter. And we've muted that expectation in the back half of the year as well as we're concerned if states start to reverse their views on the openings. I think the highlight would be we did see China recover in the quarter, and we're very optimistic certainly of its year-over-year June rates and what we see as the trends heading into Q3. So that does give us the indications that when things start to stabilize around the pandemic, that we really feel the strength of our portfolio will start to unfold.
John Stauch: Yes. So Jeff, we're carrying a fairly substantial backlog into Q3. The order trend was very positive throughout Q2. And yes, we did have some supply disruptions primarily related to COVID and our supply base. And so we are consistently trying to meet that demand, and we expect a very strong July, and we're doing everything we can to meet the existing demand and also the demand that was created in Q2.
John Stauch: Yes. We'll split this answer, Jeff. I think on IFT, first of all, I think on long-cycle businesses, you carry a little bit backlog into the quarter. So we did have a backlog from some orders that we had booked in previous quarters that we continue to ship throughout Q2. But also I am as pleased that we become less dependent on large projects and we've got more of a recurring revenue stream across the IFT portfolio than we had maybe 3 to 5 years ago. So I think the efforts around the team to position ourselves in more predictable revenue stream started to show through, especially in -- as orders started to pull back. And I think we're positioned not to return to growth anytime soon, but at least to mitigate the downside growth potentials that we had in the last cycle.  So I feel good about where we are in the portfolio. As Bob mentioned, we still have cost actions here to rightsize the business to where the trends are going to take it. We've been encouraged with a little bit of the order pattern as we started Q3, but we got to get this business in line with what the longer-term revenue stream looks like. And those are actions that we'll be discussing here throughout Q3. I'll have Bob talk about decrementals.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean we're going to do everything we can to close that gap in Q3. And as I said, I think the orders continue to remain strong. So I think, through the back half of the year, we expected to see our revenue increase significantly, Andrew.
John Stauch: Yes. I think -- like most companies, I think we have to first do what we need to do to get our demand out. And what we have is, in a couple of cases, we have suppliers that use Mexico as the source of that production. And as you know, Mexico was hit hard in COVID here throughout Q2, and that disrupted the supply chain a little bit. As we move forward, I think we're very aware that supply chains are going to need to be much more localized, not just the U.S. but also in Europe and also in China. I think the disruptions that were caused as the pandemic worked its way through, highlighted a couple issues. But as a reminder, I mean, tariffs were another indication of where supply chains needed to move as well. And there hasn't really been any movement, and feeling better about where tariffs are going to be longer term, which really, I think, drives all of us in the manufacturing space to think about more localized production to serve the demand and the needs, but also to balance and derisk the aspects associated with disruption to global supply chains, Andrew. So I think that's a trend not just for us but for everybody.
John Stauch: Well, it was a big piece of what would have helped close the gap between the industry trends and where we shift our products, Steve. Let's just put it there. Part of that being that, as Bob mentioned, we got off to a slow start in the quarter as the orders started coming in just from our manufacturing operations and ramping ours up to the demand. But then when the supply disruptions happened, as I mentioned earlier, that put us further behind and now we're digging out of that aspect.  We've seen a strong demand across the entire equipment portfolio, so it's not just a product line. And as we head into Q3, we're confident we have a path to get the customers their orders within Q3, but we also see the demand working its way into Q4 as well, Steve.
John Stauch: I think that would be aggressive. I think like we said on -- I think it's Slide 11, Steve, we expect and -- listen, we acknowledge the pool, we think we're just going to have a good year this year anyway. As you know, we had easier comparisons year-over-year. And we didn't have great weather last year, and we've had tremendous weather for the pool season this year. In addition to that, we think that the shelter-in-place has changed the consumers' behaviors, primarily around seasonal products that aren't always purchased, "Okay, we're going to use our pool earlier, so let's talk about our heaters. We're home, and we're maintaining our pool, should we consider chlorinators? Should we consider automating our pool?" Those are all the things that we are hopeful for long periods of time, that our consumers would begin to understand and start to invest in it. And we're really encouraged about those order trends related to that.  So we're acknowledging pool is going to have a really good year, and our only limit there is our supply chain and making sure we're managing through it. We're acknowledging the fact that we probably had a much more optimistic forecast in Water Solutions. And the commercial impact in the likelihood that people are going to open up their offices for people to come back to work or that hotels and hospitality sections are going to see travel to the level that we used to, that's what we're taking out of this look as we build this guide, Steve. And so I would think it would be very hard for Consumer Solutions to get all the way back, but I do think we're encouraged by the trends. And as we started to see things open in June, we really liked our positioning in the Water Solutions business, and we started to see that recovery. But then towards the end of June, we saw it pull back a little bit as a lot of closures started to happen.  So I know it's a long-winded answer, but I just wanted to give you the color. And I felt that slide was important because while there's a lot of optimism in our businesses, the final bullet point is the sobering reality that none of us know what's going to happen with this pandemic, both in the impact that it has on the economic outlook to our businesses, but also on what it's going to do to our global supply chains and our own manufacturing factories.
John Stauch: Yes. We've always felt that there would be some prebuy just because of the way the other industries have handled transitions of this like. I think we obviously are working with our distribution and dealer channels to help understand that the value of the variable speed is significant, both in the form of how quiet it is, its efficiency and just the fact that it plainly is a better pump. So while we do expect some of that prebuy to mitigate the impacts of not having it available next year, we really are hopeful that more of the mix switches to the variable speed pump in a very short order here.
John Stauch: I think it's going to be a more normalized pricing environment, similar to the way we approach this year. While there are some challenges across certain product lines, I mean, overall, commodities have generally held in there, and we haven't seen significant inflation. So I think it's going to be a more normalized year as we head into the season.
John Stauch: Yes. So this has been a product that's been out there for 10-plus years. And as I said in my comments, we helped with the channel and the needs, primarily on the high-cost energy states, introduced this product. So we've been the leader in it for a period of time, but candidly, everybody has got a variable speed pump. And I think our biggest challenge across the industry I think is getting people to understand that even though the cost of that product is almost double, the value in the pump both in how long it lasts and the value it creates is significant. So there's not really a change in margin profile. It goes out at more revenue and it throws out more margin dollars, but not higher margin.
John Stauch: Online has definitely picked up on do-it-yourself products like filtration or replacement filtration cartridges. There's definitely interest in water filtration that's going through those online channels. And then just as a reminder, we have our own online capability that we've got through the Pelican acquisition that we utilized to take some of that demand and shift it over into more of a water expertise because what we want to do is give people the right solution, not just sell them a product that they think they need.
John Stauch: Well, I mean, we think -- I mean, there's always going to be a curated set of products in any industry in which people are going to be able to do and replace themselves. We don't necessarily feel in pool or in our Water Solutions businesses that, that solves the real consumer concern around taste and quality of their water. And so we believe, long term, that creates leads that really drive the nice services revenue for us over the longer term.
John Stauch: And then, Scott, your final question was really about mix in IFT. And I would say they're all relatively the same across the businesses, except we do better when agriculture does better. So we haven't seen that uptick in demand on ag this year as it pertains to OEM ag or spray irrigation ag, but that's the one piece of the portfolio we love when the market is strong.
John Stauch: That's a reasonable expectation. Obviously, there's all kinds of things that you need to consider like economic impacts, how people are feeling about their 401(k)s, those type of things. But based upon the trends we've seen right now, it's very realistic to assume the scenario that you shared.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean it's reinforced several. I think we just did a small one in pool that we think really fits nicely in the portfolio. It's in-floor cleaning, so as you build and create a remodeled pool, it's the ability to put the jets at the bottom of the pool to create more of a mixture of filtration capability. So that's an example of a technology that you wouldn't go retrofit, but you'd certainly put in a new and remodeled pool. And adding that as a portfolio is really nice to have.  As we think about where we want to take Water Solutions, we really believe more than ever now that the trends are going to shift faster, meaning people want touchless solutions when it comes to dispensing water. They're going to come back into office buildings and have a different feeling about the water they drink. And so people are going to maybe tend to think of branded water or certain forms of water being dispensed to a taste profile or a health profile that they seek. So all of those things were in our portfolio, and I feel we either want to accelerate the innovation internally or augment them with channel accelerators and/or service offerings into the markets that we'll go to. So I expect that we'll have some looks at some deals over the next 6 to 9 months. We're going to continue to be disciplined, as Bob said, because most of this capability we can do organically. But if there's an accelerator out there that we can put in as a bolt-on or tuck-in, we're going to consider it.
John Stauch: Yes. It's a great question. I think when you think about our industrial filtration offerings and you think of food and beverage and then you think of our membrane applications into broad industrial, many of our customers just don't yet have any economic outlook for the business that they can feel comfortable at. And even within F&B, even though that the stay-at-home liquor and beer sales have been pretty tremendous, we have to offset that with the hospitality demand that has dropped off considerably. So a lot of our food and beverage and beer customers that we're very intimate with are considering beer manufacturing in remote locations around the world that they're uncomfortable making that strategic investment right now given where the pandemic is.  So we -- I don't want to say it's a freeze, and I've been very careful with that because our dialogue has really been about more where they're going to put it and when they're going to do it versus if they are.  And then on the industrial side, our customers, again, are in need of capital investment to accelerate productivity, and most of our membrane offerings create that, but they're in the evaluation stage of where those will be. So we've chosen that word carefully, pause, because we think it is really paused right now pending either more of a freeze or a reboot to that capital spend to drive the productivity they need.
John Stauch: Yes. Deane, I don't know if I can get there yet. I mean last year, we did have a pullback, as we talked about, due to weather. And this year, there's a little catch-up. And we'll be looking at those pool permits and the pool permit trends by these states as we go forward.  I'm encouraged because I do think most people in these warm-weather states when they retire and/or they choose to be there, they look at the pool as a necessity for their lifestyle. So I think we believe that the trends are still in our favor. Where it goes and how fast it goes, I'm not ready to make that choice yet, Deane. I do think what we can do is continue to make you aware of if you have a pool, how we can help you maintain it better and how we connect you with our professional channel that can give you the solution that we feel is best for you.
John Stauch: Yes. Deane, thank you for asking. I mean we soft-launched it, so we've got it in the test phase right now, around a couple products that we've introduced. And so I believe we'll start to see that acceleration into 2021. We want to make sure that we work the bugs out and we're giving you a better end-user experience. It brings all of our in-home products into one Pentair app and makes it more consumer-friendly. So we have a dealer-specific app that we'll have so that more technical needs and understanding will be supported through the dealer network. And then the consumer app will give you things more like things are good or I need more salt or I need to adjust appropriately.  We think it's actually going to augment and accelerate our dealer relationships, Deane, because the main point of the app, and I call it the -- quite a bad analogy now -- but I call it the Uber app, is how do we connect you with the best dealer for your particular solution or need? We still believe, and I strongly believe, that we're going to be best served if we're giving you the right expert decision for your water quality needs, and then we're connecting that with our best dealers to give you the best experience. So we're trying to create the awareness through the app and give you a better experience. But when you need something, we're not going to be at odds with them, we're going to connect the consumers through our best dealers.
John Stauch: You nailed it. It wasn't by choice. It was because R&D was one of those functions that was hard to maintain at the consistent levels that we had prior year. It was the one function certainly in Pentair, but probably in the industry, that was hard to do remotely in work-from-home. And we are, candidly, on some of the key NPI programs, probably lost 90 days, and I would expect that R&D spend to pick up here in the back half of the year as we try to catch up on some of those interruptions in those projects. We are back now. Obviously, social distancing and working through all of the different requirements, but yes, that was a result of COVID, not from a strategic choice.
John Stauch: Yes. Nathan, I mean first of all, I'm pleased that we could introduce guidance again. I think it's important externally to frame the goalpost of what you're trying to accomplish, but also it's very important internally that people are working towards expectations and actions and targets that they're held accountable for. And I feel really good that we worked as hard as we could in Q2 to deliver the best result. And that's always been our goal here, how do we keep our people safe? And how do we continue to lean in and produce the best financial results possible? That being said, the fourth bullet that I put on that one slide is that uncertainty around how the pandemic plays out is still a question mark for us. It's easier to think about it now with only 6 months in front of us and really more like 5 as we work through July. So I think we've got a better reasonable estimate of where we're going to land. And so I think we think it's an appropriate expectation. And there are scenarios that get to the high end and there are scenarios that are on the low end, Nathan. But one of the things we don't want to do is have to pull back guidance because there may or may not be some issue that we have to deem to be material. So a big thought process was, what do we feel comfortable with? And how can we give The Street what they need and give ourselves what we need to continue to operationalize the business and then deliver the best financial results possible, Nathan.
John Stauch: Yes. So we had a fairly decent backlog, and we saw orders remain strong through Q1. I think what you're feeling from us is the anticipation that I mean it's municipalities and some of the commercial building needs might be lower in the future. And so it's not necessarily indicative of a trend we know. It's more indicative sequentially of a trend we're anticipating.
John Stauch: Well, thank you for joining us today. We are all navigating these uncertain times together, and I would like to offer my best wishes to all of our employees, customers and shareholders and urge you to all stay safe as we grind through this pandemic. While no one is expecting the type of year we have all experienced, we continue to believe that Pentair has a strong foundation to build upon. We have a strong purpose, strong mission and strong vision focused on delivering smart, sustainable solutions that empower our customers to make the most of life's most essential resources. We believe that we are in attractive spaces that are expanding. We are a leader in helping people move, improve and enjoy their water, and we are making the world more sustainable through our smarter systems and applications. We have the right enterprise strategy, businesses, talent and culture. Our win right values, our leadership competencies and our Pentair integrated management system enable all of our employees to continuously improve customer experiences and deliver more predictable and consistent results.  Thank you for your continued interest. Mariama, you can conclude the call.
Robert Fishman: Thanks, John. There is a tremendous amount of work going on around the cost structure, understanding fixed variable, discretionary, nondiscretionary, especially within the IFT business. I would say the best way to model the back half is to continue to use low to mid-30s as decrementals for that business.
Robert Fishman: We're focused on improving that number. Again, looking at the portfolio of businesses, we think there's opportunity to do better than that.
Robert Fishman: For Consumer Solutions, again, mix was helpful in the quarter. And we expect that trend to continue in the back half of the year. There's also, within Consumer Solutions, a number of productivity plays that are underway. So I expect decrementals to continue to do well within the Consumer Solutions segment.
Robert Fishman: Right. When we've been looking at it, both new construction and remodel are both strong in this environment. And the margin profile is very similar between those 2 pieces. So again, good news from our perspective in terms of consistent demand in both of those areas.
Robert Fishman: Yes. On share repurchases, to me, it fits within the whole approach around capital structure. We continue to have a very balanced, disciplined approach. First and foremost, to me, it begins with driving free cash flow greater than or equal to net income. And we're on our way to do that here in 2020 and very pleased with the second quarter from a free cash flow perspective. The debt position at the company at 1.6x, very manageable, especially with covenants of 3.75. And then our liquidity position, if you were to take what's available in the revolver and add it to the cash, is over $850 million. And to me, what a difference 90 days makes, we were coming out of Q1 with that same liquidity position closer to $500 million. So $350 million higher going into the back half of the year.  All those things then give us the optionality around return of cash to shareholders and investing in the business. We targeted $150 million of buybacks this year. We completed $150 million. We may resume the share repurchase in the future, but depending on market conditions and our capital needs, we still need to make that decision. We'll continue, obviously, to pay the dividend and invest in our highest margin growth opportunities both organically and inorganically. So I would best describe it as a balanced capital structure with really a lot of optionality but based on our liquidity position.
Robert Fishman: Yes. So I would describe this year as a typical year from a free cash flow perspective. I would not describe '18 and '19 as such because of movements in working capital. But to us, it's playing out like we thought it would.  In Q2, we saw strong cash collections and we did not have the headwind of payables in the first half that we had in '19. So that's 2 reasons why we're up so significantly at the turn. We'll continue to drive positive free cash flow in the back half of the year. What I really like about the profile right now is that the linearity, both in Q3 and Q4, is going to be much better than what it's been in the past. So I start each quarter off level-loading the plans and then having the opportunity to collect that cash. So I like the linearity.  We do have potential to be better than 100% of net income. That's what we're calling right now. But overall, I think we've got exactly the right focus on free cash flow. One of the things we've changed in the last 90 days is building out a free cash flow forecast down to the business level. And so we have accountability around everything from CapEx to inventory to cash taxes throughout the company. So it always helps me when the company as a whole are focused on this metric. So I expect we'll continue to have strong cash flow performance in the back half of the year.
Robert Fishman: And I would just add to that. We do spend $60 million and $70 million of capital which is, to be honest, probably a little bit higher than what we talked about on our last call. And we look at that capital spend in 3 buckets: safety, growth and productivity. On the safety piece, we won't compromise on that. On growth and productivity, spending a little bit more there, building the business cases to drive positive NPV and holding the teams accountable. We also expect to see benefits from that spend in the future as well.
Robert Fishman: Yes. I would not associate any of the cost-reduction efforts relating to restructuring. We're primarily focused on our variable labor and our discretionary spend. So those typically do not bring significant restructuring costs with them. We'll continue to evaluate the top line and take actions as we need to, but the focus is primarily on those variable components.
