John Stauch: From a volume perspective, it was really within our residential, our flow business. And what we saw there was just some of the challenges associated with labor shortages and supply chain challenges. That got us off to a slow start in the quarter. What we like within the flow business is the backlog remains strong, the demand is there. So from our perspective, it was more a matter of battling through some of those challenges, and then starting to grow more significantly throughout the year.
John Stauch: Yes, really the latter is, it is raw material that advantageously buying products so that we can meet demand for its product that's waiting to be built into finished goods. So it is a headwind for us in the first quarter and we're actively setting targets and managing that but it is a reflection of the supply chain challenges that we face.
John Stauch: From our perspective, inflation will continue to stay high, I looked at the inflation amount that was in Q1 of roughly $89 million. And we're not assuming that gets any better the balance of the year. But the good news is that prices reading out, and so we should see price cost difference increase throughout the year, which will help our margin expansion story. We're positive around margins improving from -- in the second half versus the first half, margins will improve significantly in the second quarter, both sequentially, and on a year-on-year basis. So we start winning the price cost battle, rather than just offsetting it like we did in the first quarter. So we're encouraged there. From our perspective, Q1 was very much of an inflection point, we improved margins versus Q4, and we had a number of quarters previous to that where we were showing margins declining. So from our perspective, margin expansion continues from here, with Q1 having been the biggest challenge.
John Stauch: Yes. So I mean, if you take the three categories we talked about, I mean, obviously, we have two of them in our portfolio today, we're still waiting to bring the third one in. But whenever cure itself has always been a mid to high single digit performer like, just volume alone. And we still don't have the full recognition of the global hospitality markets recovering anywhere near where they were pre-COVID. And we're still waiting for that to occur. And when that occurs, we're really confident that we're going to continue to see that expansion on our filtration lines. Our KBI business has been growing double digits and continues to see that type of opportunity, primarily around installation service plan maintenance for key partners, domestically. And then when we took a look at the Manitowoc acquisition, and due diligence, it has a similar growth profile to Everpure. So absent any synergies at all, we think these are mid-single digit growers. And then when you add some of the prospective synergies that we hope to deliver on that, then that's how you get to the double digits. And then the margins of blend, as I said have very high margin product businesses between Ice and Everpure been offset by a low margin KBI service offering.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, we were targeting Q2, we've clearly said Q2 or Q3. We continue to work through the regulatory processes, it's taken longer than we would expect it and there's a big deal that between two partners on the larger side that they've got to get through and then we've got to get through our, so yes, we do think that this is more of early Q3, Q2 being the best case
John Stauch: Deane, if I can just add, I mean, you followed us for some time. I think the products that we're most excited by are the automation products, and they are the ones that are hardest to get through the supply chain. And so we're encouraged by the desires of the consumers to add more automation to their pool pads. And we're doing the best we can but we're fighting for chips and drives like everybody, and we want to make sure we got those products to the consumers and satisfying their long-term pool automation needs.
John Stauch: Yes, we're working like crazy, Deane. And let me give you an inside view here. I mean, we price primarily to distribution prices to dealers, and we've done that historically more blind to what the actual consumer in the market is paying. And so getting that understanding of what the value to the end customer is regarding our products, obviously, versus competitor alternatives in the market space is very important for us to price effectively and thoughtfully. And that's what we're spending time doing, Deane. So that we can think of the end-to-end value proposition of our core products. And get our fair share of that. So most of the pricing we've done today, it is just been trying to catch up with inflation, what we want to do going forward is to really think of the value that product provides and price it effectively, we're only working on three categories right now. We have about 20 product lines that we're focused on. So our goal is to accelerate that as quickly as possible this year. So to make sure that we utilize that analytics into next year's pricing season.
John Stauch: Yes, I think that's a fair assumption. I think we had a pessimistic view of inflation heading into our early guide. And it's even worse than that, which is where the incremental price comes into play. If we took a look at where that inflation is coming from, it's primarily the oil based freight. And the responses necessary to catching up the global supply chain because COVID is not over. And you're familiar with what's going on in China right now. And that means that to get that product in ahead of the season, there's going to be some incremental freight costs associated with it. And that's what we're working through. And obviously, we're working with all kinds of supply chain partners to optimize the availability of product, but we have a season and that season is Q2 and Q3. And we're going to do what's necessary to deliver the product within that season, and it is going to cost us a little bit more to get that product in. And given the demand that we feel is there in the end markets, I think we'll be able to recover that. But yes, your observation is correct.
John Stauch: And as motors drives and drives our chips, right, semiconductors, it's the same product that we've been chasing for the last five quarters. And it's the same products that the whole entire global supply chain is trying to get their hands on.
John Stauch: Hey, Jeff, I mean, our Q2 forecast assumes that we do better in April than January because we got off that slow start and then we continue to meet that Q2 seasonal ramp and at the moment, we're very confident about that. And that's where the growth is coming from. And then to remind you, most of our dealers are on a pool season ends at the end of Q3, Pool Corp is on a fiscal year end like we are and so that we start to identify and fulfill those pool obligations in Q3. And then we take a look at next year's inventory needs and we partner with our channel to figure out what's needed for 2023. So that's how we're working through it. And as a reminder, we didn't do much early buy at all because of the demand and the backlog. So what we're doing right now is building sell-through demand.
John Stauch: Yes, and I think I’ll take the first part, I'll have Bob, take the second. I mean, as a reminder, the reason we started disclosing the backlog and across the need to stop businesses in Pentair is because the percentage that they became of the overall revenue and the need to do that, under the SEC guidelines, this is a business historically in pool that candidly started every quarter with no backlog, right. So everything has historically been our ability to ship in five days to the end customer through our distribution channel partners, and we would book and fulfill those orders within the same quarter. That's the nature of most of our residential making stock businesses, because you have a distributor that's also holding inventory, we think we're going to get back there at some point. Right now, we do have more demand that we can fulfill because of supply chain constraints. But we're looking every single day and every single quarter at the sell- through rates, and then working with our channel partners to get the right product into the right states, because state by state all those needs, and all those requirements are different for the product sets. And it's a lot of work when you get that pent-up demand. And so we expect that to moderate, meaning that backlog will eventually get to nothing in this area. And then we'll be continuing to meet the day requirements of our channel. And, Bob, I don't know if you want to add anything.
John Stauch: And then the other component we look at is actually product value and unit sales. And when you take a look at unit sales over the last two to three years, you see a more normal trend than you do when you reflect on the pricing side and the dollars because we're trying to capture all inflation. So ultimately, I think that we feel like the heater categories we've said often is caught up. And now we have more heaters on the full path. Everything else is generally acting as a more normal sell- through level based upon the pool demand that's out there.
John Stauch: Yes, I appreciate the question. I mean, I'm excited by transformation. Obviously, I'm the CEO who's driving the initiative, so you would expect him to be excited. But I think we got two things going on. We got a supply chain, and an ops and sourcing and business unit teams that are working every single day just to meet the current demand. And so everything you're generally seeing in 2022 is just reflective of trying to offset inflation. That's not strategic, right. Ultimately, what we're doing with transformation is saying how to each of our business units become world class in their spaces. What's needed to become world class? And then how do we attack those opportunities. So think of the fact that we source out of China. And that's become very challenging from a landed cost perspective, but also the supply chain issue. Think about where we need to put our distribution centers to meet daily demand. Think about our supply base being a supply base that was probably perfect for 15 years ago, but doesn't reflect what we need today, as far as region by region shipments. So there's a lot of opportunity in supply and price as I mentioned. But also, our geographical complexity has been quite challenged by where we do business and where strategically, we should do business. And then we also have the opportunity to enable all that through what I'd call digital interfaces, as Bob mentioned in his remarks, how do we give more self service to customers? How do we solve consumer needs? How do we make it easier for you to do business with Pentair? So transformation is really about transforming. And as I said, it's a lean based methodology, what is our current state? What's our future state vision? And then how do we build the appropriate transformation plan by business unit, to really be world class in the customers’ eyes, not ours, but the customers’ eyes. And all of that we think add shareholder value, significant shareholder value, which we'll be excited to share with you later this year as it relates to ‘23 and beyond targets.
John Stauch: I think you'd have to break into two categories. One is in January and the Omicron out, I would say it got better. I think just like we're increasing our capacity on a linear basis, linearity Q2 versus Q1, Q1 versus Q4. We're seeing our supply chain accelerate there as well. So that's the encouraging part, the discouraging part in Q1 was we got hit by COVID. And I think we're starting off Q2 here with the challenges in China and COVID. And what impact that could have on the port. So every quarter, there's new challenge. But I think if you took those challenges out, it's fair to say that the supply chain is definitely getting better.
John Stauch: No, I wasn't talking about either, I mean, 2023 is too far to predict. I mean, I think we are very clear in our full year guidance that we gave in February timeframe that we expect a little bit of channel correction in inventory, correction in the channel towards the end of the year as distributors reset their needs when the supply chain catches up. So that's been in our guide, it's still in our guide, and we are expecting that to happen. If you focus just on the sell-through, there's no slowing of the sell-through right now that we see. And I want to be clear, if you go back historically, we're not at high levels of new home builds, there has been capacity constraints even within that space. But higher interest rates are designed to slow down consumer spending, and consumer house purchases, and I think it would be foolish not to expect that we'll see some more flattish or some slight slowdown. That being said, that isn't a very small part of the overall market, which is North American new housing starts, the overall aftermarket demand, which comes globally, across the entire install base continues to be the opportunity for our residential business. And within there, we've got growing enthusiasm for water treatment, which is helping us on the install base itself. And we also have the growing enthusiasm for more automated and connected solutions, which has been constrained because we don't have the availability of the electronics to fulfill that. So I think there's enough growth legs to continue to go. I'm not, I mean, we're going to get through Q2 and the rest of the year, Scott, before we talk about 2023, but I am in no way shape, or form, or signaling anything related to Pentair, or the industry. I'm just saying that I don't think it's going to continue to be mid-20% growth in residential and perpetuity that will settle down.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, I think first of all in Q2, we got big ones coming in IF3, our new variable speed pump. And we're excited by that because it used more modern technology. And some of that more modern technology is much easier to get than some of the older base technology we had. You're right. I think when your end dealers are busy. They're not always out there trying to sell new technology. And as that starts to become more normal will get people upgrading and selling more of the newer technologies. But right now we're moving to all cloud based solutions. We're moving to better platforms and ease of use for customers. And the only thing that's constraining that longer-term growth is the supply chain, Scott.
John Stauch: No, that’s not great. That's a wild, Steve, I know you solved your question, but it's just stunning number, okay.
John Stauch: Let me start the first part, there's always a lag, Steve, you know that. I would say build inventory had and we're then fulfilling their sell-through and a lag position and I think that lag is even more exasperated now because as I said earlier, five days lead times have moved into 90 and 120 lead times. So and that's the result of the overall supply chain. So we feel right now on a dollar basis on the sell-through versus where the inventory levels are, we're about back to historical levels. I think that will always vary in a season like Q2 where nobody can be caught without the appropriate demand, or the inventory to meet the demand. And then that'll start to moderate or start to get fixed in Q3 and Q4, Steve.
John Stauch: I mean, we think price will be higher in Q2 than Q1, primarily because we're still working through some of the backlog issues in Q1. So that's just on the natural pricing, it'll go higher. And then we've raised prices even higher than we anticipated this year. And so you could expect the price contribution sequentially in Q3 and Q4 to be higher than it will be in Q2.
John Stauch: You should assume we were not allowed to be in the market at all due to the working on the deal and the quiet periods associated with that.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, I think I believe that the desires of existing homeowners are to improve their overall experiences within their home. And as new and newer opportunities come along to do that they do. The reason the replacement cycle works is once you have a pool, for instance, you want to keep it running, you don't want to turn it into a pond, and you're going to keep the overall non-discretionary maintenance cycle going. I mean, I think your more discretionary purchases, do I need automation? Do I need an automated pool or not. And I think that always varies depending on the abilities of those consumers to spend, or to have discretionary income to spend. One of the things associated with a pool market is it tends to be higher economic, wealth individuals, and they tend to be in communities that neighbor has something and then that becomes the awareness, and then you generally go off and do the same thing. For water treatment, I do think that one cycle is more up and down based upon need, and ability to spend, because that is a more varied economic group purchasing with water treatment. So we tend to see the remodeling, replacement of whole home water treatment turned into be more of a break and fix and/or to get it working good enough for the time being, and then figure it out later. So I think if we're going to see an impact, we'll see it a little bit more on the water treatment side. And so that being said, that's more of a 90% to 95% aftermarket, replacement business today, than it is what we've seen in cool.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, I think we continue to see with the traffic and the demand in that space, we continue to see things pick up. I think where I was making my comments earlier, I don't think I could give you a global answer on that at the moment that's been consistent because all three regions have faced COVID at different times. So while we see North America pick up as we have in the US domestically right now, there is a little bit of slowing in Europe and a little bit of slowing in China relative to where they are on their COVID journey. There are no further question at this time, and I would like to turn the call over to John Stauch for closing comments.
John Stauch: Thank you. And thank you for joining us today, we continue to be inspired about how we are in the business helping to solve some of the biggest environmental challenges of today. And we are focused on engaging our employees and stakeholders while we do it. Whether through our sustainable gas solutions and helping to turn waste into value, or working to reduce the consumption of single use plastic bottles, or increasing energy efficiency through the products we offer. Our products and solutions are helping to make the world a better place. Our work on ESG and social responsibility continues to be on the forefront of how we operate and how we work to make the planet better. We are excited to share more about this in our 2021 Corporate Responsibility report, which we plan to issue by the end of the month. I'm extremely proud of what we have accomplished in this past year, which is a testament to the commitment and dedication of our Pentair employees. Contributions for our various stakeholders and guidance from our board of directors. I look forward to continue our great momentum on ESG as we continue through 2022. We were pleased with the first quarter start, and I'm grateful to all of the Pentair employees who helped deliver it. The first quarter gives us confidence in delivering further growth in 2022. We are building momentum in our transformation processes and combined with our intended closing of Manitowoc Ice. This gives us great confidence in our future. Jay, you can conclude the call.
Bob Fishman: I can start with that one. We are seeing channel inventory is more in line with historical level. Some of the categories within that doors are still catching up. So continuing to be focused really across the product lines but overall in very good shape there as we enter what should be a very robust pool season in 2022. Our view is that we're in very good shape with the backlog and with the demand to continue to grow the pool business. We have guidance, previously, we had guidance of mid to high single digits for consumer solutions, and we raised our revenue guide. So consumer solution is really trending more towards high single digits with obviously, pool leading the way. So we're confident that this will be another strong year of growth for the pool business. The underlying factors driving the growth of more of a larger installed base, due to new pool builds over the last couple of years, our focused on the replacement side of the business, more people buying second homes, more people putting in pools that underlying demand is there, which is why we're optimistic. I would say our guide for the year is realistic, we expect growth to continue, we don't want to get ourselves ahead of ourselves, and we want to get ahead of ourselves for Q4. We want to set ourselves up for a good start to the 2023 season as well. So I think we've got a very balanced forecast, and remain very optimistic about the pool business.
Bob Fishman: The increase in inventory is really broad based and really cuts across both consumer solutions and IFT. So from our perspective, it's no one category, it's really across our businesses.
Bob Fishman: Yes, if you look at our supply chain challenges, its residents, motor drives, electronics on the inflation side, it's sprayed metals, electronics, motors, castings, and molding. So across the board, nothing's getting easier. So big thank you to our supply and ops teams that did an incredible job, especially in the month of March after we got off to a slower start because of COVID.
Bob Fishman: We're really not seeing that, no significant or early buy and really nothing outside of what we've done historically. So nothing really bad there unless we could get some more color.
Bob Fishman: Yes, I will use the word cracks because I think right now in dealing with the channel, they're doing everything they can to fulfill their obligations to their customers within this year's pool season. I think if you look at the historical data points, interest rates, housing starts, et cetera, et cetera. I think you're seeing the signs of what could be a tightening and a desire tightening from the Fed that's going to have a slowdown to the overall residential impacts, Jeff. And I'm anticipating that and I think that'll play out in 2023. I don't think there's going to be a steep decline, though, because we didn't -- we don't have these housing starts like we did in ’06 and ’07. I mean, housing starts are still at historical levels right now. And they're trying to work through their supply constraints to deliver that. And it's not in my view a bubble, it's just ultimately the fulfillment of what's needed to satisfy the movement to the warm weather state. So I think we're in pool and in residential water treatment, we're skewed towards the aftermarket, and the replacement industry significantly. And the new housing starts are moderated in the sense that they're about where they were historically. And so pools are up a little bit as a percentage of those houses, but they're not up significantly.
Bob Fishman: Other than we look forward to that day because there are inefficiencies. Some of the orders in the backlog were put in July and August. And it creates confusion not only for the distributors and dealers but for ourselves in terms of managing an efficient process. So those days are we're looking forward to as backlog comes down and becomes more current. And we drive the business based on orders and shorter lead times.
Bob Fishman: That is about it, we were seeing the majority of that growth coming from price with a small contribution from volume.
Bob Fishman: No, it would be margin contribution from both segments, again, think of that as price cost doing better as the year progresses, and then driving through in some of these inefficiencies that are in the supply chain. So both segments will benefit with those actions and improve their margins.
Bob Fishman: Yes, Steve, we think that's pretty good proxy for the rest of the quarter. So we don't see inflation really moderating. So you could take that $90 million, multiply it by four, and that's a pretty good indication.
