John Stauch: Yes. I mean, first of all, I think about it as roughly still 40% of the overall Water Solutions segment. And think of all the core that we were focused on for the last five to ten years, which is really about the trade and the professional channel, all being a big part of our strategy and still performing. What we did exit was our attempts at the direct-to-consumer side of the business, which we felt were not going to gain the traction that we originally hoped they would, but also they were confusing the trade channel as far as our partnership to support them. And so, now we're focused on being back to where we were, which is pulling demand through our professional trade channel and ensuring that we're winning with the best products and solutions, Joe.
John Stauch: And so, when you think of the increase in the target, as Bob mentioned, 100 basis points of that comes from candidly the fact that we're mixing up with the Manitowoc acquisition. And then we felt like stepping up the expectations on the transformation was helpful for two reasons. One is, we believe that we're making progress with the actual work we're doing. But the second one is we have inefficiencies that we uncovered over the last couple of years of being challenged by the supply chain, which we want to make sure are included in the transformation journey that we're on.
John Stauch: Yes, we're really pleased with the start. I think these all come together nicely and I think we continue to see significant opportunities for our customers to benefit from the end-to-end solutions that we now provide in commercial water solutions.
John Stauch: Well, I mean, we're making significant impact in 2023 even with the down volume. So, I think the jumpstart in 2023 reflects the aggressive efforts to get the labor in line with the volume and also to recover those inefficiencies. As we go forward, we'd be looking at the normalized growth rates of each of the segments being included in our efforts to get to the ROS targets that we implied.
John Stauch: And I would just add that you should assume that most of the residential channel challenges will come through Q1, Q2 and Q3, and we have easier comparisons in the back half of the year as we look at what those year-over-year impacts would be.
John Stauch: Yes. So, I'll start and then Bob can bring some more in. I think first of all, the price that we're anticipating is actions that have already been taken. And we feel good about the decisions we've made and we feel like we have, as we said, stickiness in the channel. I do think it's fair to assume that as we get through the year, we have to anticipate that there might be ideas from the channel to participate in rebates or discounts. We've assumed a little of that in our guide. But we're hopeful that our balanced view of the revenue projections that we have don't encourage us to think that we need to do significant discounting to achieve our expectations.
John Stauch: We think if you looked at it, Nathan, on a sell-through basis, we'll be normalized from a volume from a sell-through basis. Obviously, we got a little disconnected on the sell-in versus the sell-out. But overall, we believe we're tracking to historical volume levels with where we end up. So, you should assume that we've had a significant price benefit over the last four years that we've realized.
John Stauch: Yes. We've committed a lot of effort and resources to run at what we call the category level, which is the products that go to the market and serve the customer streams. So that's our focus. And the new segment line-up allows us to be aligned. Pool for pool, and then, we've been able to split the Water Solutions businesses to the residential and commercial where we have the varying go-to-market channels, and IFT remain the same. So, we feel really good about our customer-centric efforts both on sales, marketing and NPI. And we're very encouraged on how the new segments will help enable the focus on the growth journeys of these three different areas.
John Stauch: Yes, I'm looking at it slightly different than that. I think we've shared with you that we think we're down about 20% each on new pool builds and also the aftermarket remodeled side. So, think of that as each of those two 20% is down 20%. And then, we group the aftermarket and the inventory piece, and we assume that what we're going to see is lower pull-through from the sell-through and demand, because as Bob mentioned, we think some of the aftermarket demand was serviced earlier. And because of that, we feel like we got to balance the shipments into the channel and the industry to serve that lower demand. And most of that we think happens over Q1, Q2 and Q3.
John Stauch: No, real surcharges, Steve. We're back to more normalized price actions and having to go out and compete competitively from a standpoint of making sure that quoting those jobs by anticipating the impact of inflation, and then winning [the future] (ph) sourcing inflation as we satisfy the industrial projects.
John Stauch: Yes. And as far as the M&A, I mean, short term, we're going to service the debt just because of the high interest rates. We love our strategy. We believe the move and proven enjoy gives us a lot of flexibility to add to our existing portfolio. But we're going to be smart. I mean, call me old fashioned, but I think ROIC matters in the long run. It used to be how we measured performance. I still think it matters and I think we have to be disciplined with your capital. And we need to make sure if we put that capital work that we can make these acquisitions deliver to the expectations.
John Stauch: Yes. Deane, first of all, I still think we think across all the synergies we said that we're going to experience those. And we do believe, as we said, there's certainly account management and making sure that we can service the key accounts across all three platforms, KBI being one of those platforms as well on the service side. We do believe that every ice machine should have a filter and we would hope that it's our filter since we think we are the best filtration company. But that has been [independent] (ph) choice, of course, made by the distributor and the end market. And I think we can help them be aware of why our filters do better and we do believe that take rate is going to be serviced over time.
John Stauch: To the second one, and really when we think of inventories, you have -- a reminder that some of our inventories are across the entire portfolio. Our project businesses, our electronics, the tougher to get componentry is where a lot of our inventory resides, Jeff. It's not like we're sitting on finished goods inventory ready to go out. So, it's not that simple.
John Stauch: We expect to drive margin improvement in 2023, Jeff. I mean, as a reminder, our volume in Pool was down roughly 30% in Q4. And that's one of the reasons we didn't get to get that leverage up. And as we take a look at 2023 when we get the costs in line and balance out against these new production levels, we do believe we're going to drive margin improvement in Pool in 2023.
John Stauch: I -- no. And I'm sorry that we weren't clear. I thought the question was what was core growth of commercial water solutions, and I said mid-single digits. Inclusive, of the acquisitions, it's much higher than that, which is on the chart as mid-teens.
John Stauch: Yes. I think it's really the result of the significant growth in '20 and '21 and first half of '22 that the industry saw. And if you think about a more normalized growth, it would suggest that key items like heaters and lighting were probably pulled into those earlier years. And that is probably challenging the aftermarket assumptions. Now all of that's great, because we're adding to content in existing pools and there will be some replacement of those products down the road. So, I think long-term trajectories are fine. We just think that some of the demand was pulled into the earlier years.
John Stauch: Thank you, and thank you for joining us today. We're excited about the future Pentair and focused on creating a better world for people on the planet through smart sustainable water solutions. Our focus on driving superior shareholder value is fueled by our mission to help the world sustainably move, improve and enjoy water, life's most essential resource. Kate, you may conclude the call.
Bob Fishman: Yes. Joe, we were pleased to be able to increase the ROS expansion due to the -- what we're seeing in the transformation initiatives. We still have work to do to break it out by segment, but overall, we would expect each of the segments to be contributors to that ROS expansion.
Bob Fishman: And just to bridge the gap, when we had our Investor Day, we talked about going from 18% to 21% in 2025. We then acquired Manitowoc. So that gave us another approximately 100 basis points to bring us to 22%, and then we found another 100 basis points in the transformation initiatives to get us to the 23%.
Bob Fishman: And just to provide a little more detail, the Water Solutions does have commercial [up] (ph) approximately 40%, residential down approximately 10%.
Bob Fishman: We are starting to move back to a more typical seasonality where Q2 is typically our largest quarter followed by Q3. I would say that we expect to see slightly less than 50% of our EPS in the first half, primarily because interest expense is a little bit higher in the first half and transformation initiatives play out a little bit more strongly in the back half. But we are returning to more traditional seasonality than what we saw during the COVID years.
Bob Fishman: Yes, let me do that. I would say roughly 50 basis points to 60 basis points comes from Manitowoc of that 160 basis point increase. So, the way that you should think about Manitowoc is we had roughly $150 million of revenue in our P&L in 2022; $60 million in Q3, $90 million in Q4. And as we mentioned before, we drive about 30% of Ross on that Manitowoc business. We'll increase to about $370 million of revenue in 2023. So, think of revenue going up about $220 million in Manitowoc at that 30% income level. We also get by exiting the residential businesses, we'll lose about $25 million of revenue in 2023, but we'll gain about $10 million of income, those were loss making businesses in 2022. So, when I talked about acquisitions and divestitures benefiting about 5% top-line and roughly 35% from a ROS perspective, that was the breakout.
Bob Fishman: Well, if you think about prices being about 5%, so call that, $200 million benefit, I think about inflation at 4.5% is being around $180 million.
Bob Fishman: Absolutely. So, the significantly lower volume in Q4, while we put actions in place, that's what primarily drove the negative productivity. As we look at 2023, those inefficiencies whether it was air freighting, spot buys, whether it was supply chain challenges, those will reduce significantly and, obviously, help our productivity. Those will be one area. Then, just the actions we took in Q4 around adjusting for the lower volume will benefit us. And then, in addition to that, the transformation initiatives that are starting to benefit us in 2023.
Bob Fishman: Yes, I'll definitely take the first one. We have high confidence in our free cash flow. We will benefit from working capital coming down in 2023, primarily inventories. We've established targets and are starting to chart progress. So, I'm confident around the inventory space. We'll also see benefits versus 2022 in terms of accruals and cash being paid out. So, overall, there's three or four different areas that give us confidence in the free cash flow. Historically, we do drive a 100% of net income. And when we've had a challenging year, we turn around the next year and get back to our typical path. So, high confidence there.
Bob Fishman: We've looked at the free cash flow and certainly don't want to get ahead of ourselves. One of the pacing items is the transformation piece. So, we expect to spend less on transformation and restructuring in 2023 than we did in '22, but we still have to invest to drive the benefit. So, those will be good payback items that we spend the money on, but that is one of the items that contains the free cash flow slightly. The only other thing I want to mention on your first question relating to scorekeeping for Manitowoc is that as we drive synergies, it's all within commercial water solutions, but some of the benefits goes to commercial filtration as they sell filters, some of it goes to our Ken's Beverage as they drive more services relating to the ice machine. So, all of the synergies are not necessarily captured in just Manitowoc Ice.
