Bob Fishman: Well, as said in the prepared remarks, the backlog is at record levels, demand at all time high and remains very strong. We see pool build into next year and beyond. So the metrics around demand are very strong. Certainly with what we see now, we have confidence that the growth will continue for a variety of reasons, everything from second homes being built to people spending more time on in their backyards and a number of different products coming out. So I believe that that will continue. We are confidence into next year. Inventories, they are still catching up. So we are working through that to satisfy our distributors and dealers.
Bob Fishman: Yes. I will start with that one. We were very, very pleased again to see the IFT growth return. The residential piece of the business within flow continues to be strong. The recovery in commercial has also helped the flow business. And then within industrial, food and beverage has been a nice growth area for us. So it continues to grow to be able to guide for the full year low double digit growth for us is exciting after the challenging year last year. And we expect the momentum to continue as well in IFT.
Bob Fishman: What I will do is just share a little bit of color around price and inflation overall for Pentair. In Q2, price was a two point benefit for us and inflation was quite high, close to five points. As we move into the back half, think of inflation in that by the five to 5.5 point range, so slightly higher but think of price reading out at closer to four points in the back half. So we improve from Q2 and narrow the gap but it continues to be a challenge. And the whole material shortages is a challenge for our ops and supply team and we are really appreciative of all of the work that that team has done. In the second quarter, they really did a nice job helping us drive that 32% sales growth. They did have the luxury of more raw materials sitting in that opening inventory. So as we move into Q3 and Q4, the challenge for the team is really to deal with the lumpiness of the material shortages. So every week is interesting as they plan the production schedule and the team is doing a remarkable job to achieve the numbers that we have guided to.
Bob Fishman: Yes. the growth that we gave for the second quarter excluded the 40%, excluded the contribution from KBI.
Bob Fishman: Yes. This is Bob. And I have probably been a little less patient than John. So I would confirm that the pipeline of opportunities is very robot. A lot of complexity reduction initiatives. There is huge opportunity to drive margin expansion and to really help with those Analyst Day numbers. We said in the prepared remarks that even with a higher guide this year, we are going to go ahead and add on to this year the 300 basis points of margin expansion into the future with where revenue will grow at that mid single digit plus number that that we shared at Analyst Day. So transformation will be a big part of to us achieving those results. And embedded in all of this is ease of doing business with Pentair, so a much, much better situation for our distributors and dealers as well.
Bob Fishman: Yes. Balance of the year free cash flow remains strong. What's really helping us is, we get off to fast start at the beginning of each quarter that the linearity is very strong. So I expect another strong free cash flow year following last year. And we will continue to drive it over 100% of net income.
John Stauch: Yes. So Mike, this is John. First of all, we look at the pool season is coming to a completion at the end of September. And then we start the next pool season when we get to October. So our first goal is to get the backlogs and the inventories related to this pool season out. And as Bob mentioned, we feel like we are in a really strong position regarding that. And then we got to work on next year, which we feel is also going to be strong demand. I think another level of confidence is, we have been able to start to attract labor and keep labor in our pool factories which was harder to do three to four months ago. And we are starting to manage the supply chain, the uniqueness because of that, availability product and being able to demonstrate the agility in the factories to get product out to customers. So those are the differences of how we feel. As far as higher confidence, Mike, I think we have always been confident this is a good business and that this is a good demand. But we wanted to make sure we were able to make progress on meeting that demand throughout the year.
John Stauch: And Mike I would just add that we saw in our commercial filtration businesses in water treatment finally get back to levels that they saw in 2019. Obviously, it wasn't easy compared to 2020 coming up the dip that we had there. But we are encouraged on those trends and we are encouraged as more restaurants and hotels and hospitality open globally that we will continue to see sequential improvement there.
John Stauch: Yes. So we had a couple of things going on this year, as you probably know. One, we had the department of engineering changeover from single speed to variable. So we are already expecting that we are going to see strong growth in that particular product line. And then obviously the acceleration of new pools and remodel pools is really putting a significant demand nationally on that product. And that is the same product generally sold in all of the pool regions. And then state-by-state, you got these disruptions like Texas that has been disruptive for everybody and the fact that all of that aftermarket demand still needs to be satisfied of what happened with the freezes. And then the rest of the markets, I would say that they are just accelerated, meaning that the rate of new builds are consistent across those areas. And then the aftermarket demand replacement cycles or the additive, I want more products in my pad, have been traditionally across the Sunbelt states. So right now, I would say the demand is not easing and we are all trying to catch up with that demand and work through our supply partners to do that.
John Stauch: Yes. That's our next year product introduction for us as we work to try to get that technology up to speed and then launch that somewhere around the end of the year, the early part of next year with a soft launch and then expect to ramp that up throughout next year.
John Stauch: I think builds will continue to grow. I think you it's capacity constrained generally by labor and product availability beyond just pool equipment after we do the landscaping in those backyards. So, we continue to think that 2022 will be a robust year there. And then additive to that number, we always have remodels. So the pools that needs to also be done in addition to those new pools. And then where we are really pleased is the penetration rate of the products on the pad and more and more awareness of heaters, automation, salt-based chlorinators, those effects of products are where we have really seen the acceleration. So I think we want to continue to grow from here and we believe that we have right now up enough visibility to feel like 2022 is a growth year.
John Stauch: And then just to follow-up on your price question. We have three general business models. In our dealer-distributor short-cycle businesses, obviously, it's easier to work with the supply chain and then work with the channel partners to raise price in those areas. They usually get through relatively quickly. Then we have our more OEM related businesses or our larger company programs, which takes time. And then we have got the projects that you quote and you are basically dealing with the cost of inflation until you quote that next set of projects. So that's the other color I bring across those three business models and it all blends to the numbers that Bob shared with you.
John Stauch: Well, I think we have got some of the IFT productivity that we were expecting and it read out and we feel like that's generally sustained, which was definitely better. And then obviously, when we get more pool product out the door, it generally drives higher levels of margins for Pentair. And we were able to get capacity levels up in pool and we benefited from that.
John Stauch: Well, I think every single channel partners we have is spending a disproportionate amount of time trying to work with us to get product to the next job there you are doing, right, on the new build side. So when you see increase in the new builds simultaneously with the demand for aftermarket, you are trying to balance those two things at the same time. So I think some of the traditional filter and pump are obvious because every pool pad needs those and they have to be repositioned to where the jobs are and how to get the inventory where you need. And then some of the more nice to haves in the pool that can be deferred and/or added later is really where we think the majority of the backlog is repositioned for next year.
John Stauch: So for us, KBI is really an exciting acquisition for us that closed in the second quarter. We now are able to provide services within the commercial space. It's a business that we can learn from and then leverage to help grow in that area. So really strong start for us in that business and exciting to see the footprint and the opportunity within that area that we really haven't been able to drive into.
John Stauch: It was 35% in the slides. I think Bob, right, for Q2 and then there is just a modest contribution from KBI in the quarter. And then for the year, in the full year outlook that Bob gave, think of roughly $20 million a quarter for KBI.
John Stauch: Right. Actually, as I said, we are at 2019 levels now. So we took a dip last year and now we are recovering to modestly growing versus 2019. We do believe that starts to accelerate from here. But we need the rest the world to continue to open. Primarily hospitality would be the one area that is not yet as robust driven by global travel primarily. Once that gets going, I think we feel like we are growing off of 2019 levels again.
John Stauch: Yes. It's the spaces that we have a higher participation rate in, Nathan, like quickserve restaurants and also you got gas station service. And those are beverage hotspots as you can imagine. And we participate in both filtering the ice and also filtering the beverage dispensed. So that is a area that has definitely picked up faster than it was in 2019. And the rest of the fullservice restaurants and hospitality have been slow to recover it is but still recovering.
John Stauch: Don't know yet. I mean, we definitely have learned a lot about inflation. I mean the sourcing inflation is usually easier predicting and I think we have done a relatively good job on that one. Where I think we have still been playing catch-up this year is labor inflation and the amount the wage increases that occurred throughout the year, Nathan. We are making sure that we are using best practices as we quote the next projects and next year's projects ahead of time. And then were making sure that we keep agility in focus as we think about how to price more effectively on the shorter cycle businesses.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean we look at it as, every new pool that goes in is additive to the 5.3 million in-ground pools that exist today. And as people use their pools more and more, the number one thing they look to is the water chemistry of their pools. And then how do they make it more enjoyable and comfortable as an experience. And those things tend to drive higher degrees of automation and consumer awareness and also then lead you to figure out what else you can do to either self manage or self monitor your pool or control heat and/or the other comfort aspects of your pool. So we look it as, all this is good news to build out the long term demand in the channel.
John Stauch: We are in the process of assessing what the impact would be. It's still too early to really give a perspective. But our early view here is that there would be some upward trip in the tax rate but not significantly higher at this point. And then certainly better than a number of our competitors.
John Stauch: Great question. I mean we have been stuck and the industry is has been stuck and we have been with it somewhere around just modestly in the double digits of automation. And I think just with the recent trends in more mesh networks and getting Wi-Fi into the backyard in a more dependable basis, it creates more opportunities for more automation. You really need awareness and you need people to use the pool with care to really drive that behavioral change. And that's what we are most encouraged by. There is also better technology at great price points that we are participating into to manage and monitor water chemistry. And then to begin to determine what's necessary to balance those water areas. So that's what I am really super excited. We also saw and we shared this openly that as use their pools more, the heater matters. And that was always the nice to haves on the pad on the older builds and I would say most people remodel now they are putting those heaters in, both the spa and for the pool. So we have seen the trends in lighting earlier. We saw the trends working around some of the variable speed pump penetration. We are now starting to see that extend to the other capabilities around the pool. So I think it's a few points of overall pad penetration for the industry over the next several years. And that encourages us and excites us.
John Stauch: Yes. So my official report out is this Thursday with the executive team and I am looking forward to that set of brainstorming actions. We have engaged a lot of people so that we have got a voice from the broader organization. It's required patience for my part to not jump and know what the answers are. So I am not going to jump out of that. But I have seen the funnel and I have seen a list of ideas and I would say that it's more sizable than I originally thought. And that was about how do we put the programs around it to action them and to think about sequencing them to derive the value from that. But really, really encouraged right now on the participation in the organization and the ideas that are starting to surface.
John Stauch: Josh, without getting to specific, we are lower than we should be and our customers and channel partners are asking us every single day to pick up the pace and get then more equipment, right. That's the way I would say it. it's exhausting to the plan teams to keep up the demand and the sell-throughs you can articulate from other people's releases and you see that we are trying to do what we can to catch up with it.
John Stauch: Yes. I mentioned it because we saw that really go into the back half of last year in a broader way, if you recall. And so now when we think about anniversarying the back half, we are still growing on top of those levels which gives us encouragement that these aren't necessarily one-and-done but we are seeing a long term penetration of the product lines.
John Stauch: Yes. I think it's both. I mean when you look at having to add to your labor base, you are confronted with what are the real market dynamics to add. And then you have to go back and you have to make sure that your existing loyal employees are paid at least that, if not more. So it creates a dual impact. One, trying to get the new people and then making sure that your current employee base are well taken care of.
John Stauch: Yes. There is a big piece of that in there. And I think we are really encouraged with their efforts around that. And we think that that is, that's why Bob also mentioned transformation. I think we learn from certain categories of dullness. We have seen how it reads out in better efficiencies on sourcing and also less complexity for customers. So we are really encouraged by that trend and we expect to bring that across the enterprise in a faster way.
John Stauch: Yes. Scott, I mean the way I look at it is, I think we have a really good IFT business that continues to demonstrate progress towards its goals. I mean I am really encouraged by the way its growing. Double digit core growth this quarter and starting to build out the order pipeline. And I am also encouraged about its focus, its complexity reduction and its commitment to the margin expansion. Now I am going to get through the transformation work. And I believe that this business has significant margin expansion in front of us. So I believe the course of action is, that's can create value for Pentair, a large part of our portfolio. And then it is a big important part of our portfolio.
John Stauch: Yes. So just within water treatment to remind you, roughly $100 billion pro forma business. We have residential and we have commercial. And the residential has been fairly strong. Little lumpy through COVID with the ability to get in people's houses or not as far as what we are trying to do there. But now it's at a point where I think we have got steady-state growth. If you recall, when commercial happened, there was generally a closure of most restaurants and hospitality and offices where people drink water. And that was a huge step back to our business last Q2. That has slowly been recovering as people return to more of the normal of the way it used to be pre-COVID but we are not yet back globally to where we expect it to be. I think our addition of KBI gives us the ability to have services components on top of products with strategically what we think our customers want and we are very encouraged about the early signs there. So I think we are starting to return and I think we are now in, what I would say, every part of that portfolio growing versus being more residentially led, as it was in last several quarters.
John Stauch: Yes. So we hinted at Analyst Day. We really right now like the carbon capture and also the sustainable gas parts of that portfolio. And we feel like that we have got a fairly good position there and we would love to continue to scale and also be able to provide the regional partners the solutions they need. We are at the heart of everything we do. We are a membrane focused company. So we like to look into filtration and have opportunities to expand our filtration capabilities as well. And as a reminder, even though we use some of these technologies in the consumer solutions, they initiate those applications in IFT and we cross-pollinate those across both segments. So those are the two areas that I would say are definitely areas of a focus in the IP portfolio.
John Stauch: Yes, yes and yes. I mean everything that you are hearing, we are experiencing in some type of inconsistent way, right. So we would say that even though we have had availability of most of the supply we need, it's very inconsistent in its predictability of when and how it's coming, which is forced tremendous agility in our factories to rearrange in a lean way where we put the labor efforts. And sometimes we are producing 75% of the product and then coming back and fishing 25% later, to give you an example. That's why we are very complementary of you teams, as Bob said, because it's required all kinds of different skills to be able to move forward. Main challenges to us are chips, would be drives, would be motors, those would be the areas that are in high demand for the products that we serve.
John Stauch: Yes. So we are excited by that. And I think, first of all, really excited about the momentum we are building in IFT on lot of their IoT enabled services ability. We have launched products on the consumer solutions side that allow you to connect to our Pentair Home app. And we continue to add product capability to give you a better consumer experience. So I would say, most of those been soft launched in 2021 and we will expect accelerate in 2022 and beyond. And then I have to take a plug because I know Deane would be very interested in this, Tyler, is we feel like we are really making some of progress on some smarter filtration technology for pool as well and we are excited as we mentioned at the Analyst Day about the progress on that technology and making pools clearer and more visible and utilizing less chemicals to achieve the same outcomes.
John Stauch: Thank you Michelle and thank you for joining us today. 2021 is experiencing a phenomenal year of growth and we believe the future continue to bright for Pentair. We believe we have strong business platforms that are industry leaders in their designated spaces. We are in spaces that are growing faster than the overall global markets and are propelled by attractive secular trends. And we have carved out exciting strategic growth priorities in which we have already begun to demonstrate performance. Further, our transformation journey is designed to unlock value that allow us to grow faster than the industries that we participate in and help us to expand margins rapidly by 2025. And finally, our balance sheet is strong and we believe we will continue to get stronger, supporting incremental value creation above and beyond what are base businesses can do on their own with tuck-in M&A. Michelle, you can conclude the call.
