John Stauch: Thank you Andy, please turn to Slide number 12, titled balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the second quarter with $4.6 billion of net debt inclusive of cash on hand. This was an improvement from where we ended the year as we used our strong cash flows in the quarter to reduce our debt levels. As Randy mentioned earlier, free cash flow increased over 150 million during the first half of the year versus the comparable period last year. We continue to expect to deliver free cash flow greater than adjusted net income for the full-year. Our ROIC ended the quarter at 9.6%. Our forecast for capital expenditures remains a 150 million as continue to invest in businesses that have earned the right to grow and drive standardization and productivity across the enterprise. We remain focused on generating strong cash flow and further debt reduction. Please turn to Slide 13, labeled Q3, 2016 Pentair outlook. For the third quarter, we expect core sales be flat and total sales to increase 7% inclusive of FX head wins and a positive contribution from ERICO. As a reminder, we closed on the purchase of ERICO just before the end of Q3 last year. And starting in Q4, ERICO will be included in the core. On a core basis, we expect water quality systems to grow approximately 8%, while flow & filtration solutions is expected to see core sales decline approximately 1%. Technical solutions is expected to be flat on a core basis and valves & controls is anticipated to see core sales decline 6%. We expect segment income to increase approximately 11% and return on sales to expand roughly 60 basis points to 16.7%. Below the operating line, we continue to expect the tax rate to remain around 20.5%, net interest in other to approximate $35 million and shares outstanding to be around a 183 million. We expect free cash flow to continue to be strong during the quarter. Please turn to Slide 14, labeled full year 2016 Pentair outlook. As Randy at the beginning of the call, we have taken a nickel off of the top end of our range and our full year adjusted EPS outlook is now $4.05 to $4.20. For the full year, we expect core sales decline 1%, water quality systems full year core sales are anticipated to be up approximately 6%, which is slightly better than our prior forecast. We now expect flow & filtration solutions to see a core sales decline of 1% versus our prior forecast of modest growth for the full year. Technical solutions core sales expected to be flat for the full year, which is slightly better than our prior forecast. Finally, valves & controls expected to see core sales decline of approximately 9%. We expect segment income to grow roughly 8% and return on sales to expand approximately 70 basis points to 16.3%. our revised forecast factors in slightly better operating performance from water quality systems and valves & controls, or technical solutions and flow & filtration solutions are expected to see margins impacted by negative mix related to unfavorable market conditions. We anticipate full year corporate cost to be just under 90 million, net interest in other are roughly a 140 million and the share count to be roughly a 183 million. Adjusted EPS is expected to grow approximately 5% at the mid-point of the range. Finally, we remain on track to generate free cash flow in excess of adjusted net income for the full year. Emily, can you please open the line for questions. Thank you.
John Stauch: Yes, and I would add. This is a great business in the difficult market condition and 2014, we're nearly 17% margins and roughly 400 million in segment income. And what we feel like is a trough year, we're still going to be 11.5% ROS. We're slugging through it, I mean, obviously seeing some sequentially bottom of the orders is a good sign and seeing the order funnels start to become a more robust time in Q3 and Q4 give us excitement that we can feel like we can start contributing more and more as we go forward in valves & controls.
John Stauch: Yes Steve, I think what we feel is that we have got a fairly high past two backlogs that we are still working on from standpoint of on time delivery roughly 70% not great by any standard I mean not horrible in the industry but not great by Pentair standard. So we are working at past two backlogs that's helping revenue. When you take a look at the orders and what Randy mentioned not getting any large orders it means that our conversion ratio is going to be higher. So we feel like as we head into 2017 even ending the year with lower orders in 2016, we think our conversion ratio is going to get back to historical norms which is around 51% of orders that are booked in the year and shipped in that year. That trough last year around 43% so I think we feel like we are starting to get that mix up as we mentioned with more aftermarket standard and so we feel like right now 2017 is an up year versus 2016 for me from the income side for sure. And orders will continue to rally in 2017 from this point the way we are looking at.
John Stauch: Yes, I hit on this in Analyst Day last year and then we have had several sessions with the business since. But we have a fairly sizable project contribution as we worked our way through the 2014 and 2015 timeframe and as Randy mentioned not having a single order greater than $5 million over the last several quarters means that we have got a rich backlog or rich funnel of shorter cycle orders, higher margins. So I think where we are is that we do believe we are going to start to see some projects and we are working on those on the funnel and those will be contribution but if you look at the order rates and the order levels absence of those large project orders is actually a pretty good contribution and so when you think about that as a base and that base moving fairly stable, any orders on top of that gives you great excitement that we are going to start to see a ramp from here.
John Stauch: Yes, we are starting to see the downstream investment again. The OpEx has been turned off for some period of time. We are starting to see a fair amount of aftermarket consolidation. So our customer spending with the scale providers which gives us great excitement of being the largest valves supplier in our space that we are going to see a lot more aftermarket consolidation and that's a big growth opportunity for us. And then, we also are back in the game in the Middle East and we are starting to see order contribute to the Middle East where we have been out of that game for some time.
John Stauch: Yes, we are finishing a job in Q2 that was a six bit job in thermal and we had some overrun on the labor side on that project. So that job is ending early Q3 and so with that behind us we are back to more of a normal project margins and normal product margins so it was one large job that we worked through last year and we have the final labor runs going through Q2 and early Q3 and then it's behind us.
John Stauch: It was a project order and it was fixed hourly or fixed fee and we over ran the labor to install it and complete the job. And so it ended in Q2 and Q3 so it's finishing up here in July and then we are going to see those orders or see that margin get better from here.
John Stauch: Yes Nigel, just to be clear and thank you for asking the question our price that shows up in the Valves & Controls chart is a like product to like product. Sub-standard product and it's an aftermarket usually and it's a like for like. We are seeing as we have talked about over the last several quarters the project margin headwind that works its way into the growth and the FX bar on the right as far as segment income so we are seeing that project mix and project pricing work its way through that and that is stabilized but it's still on the year-over-year basis pretty large as you can see there.
John Stauch: Yes okay. Great. Yes, listen we are - we have had a fairly sizable frontline for a period of time and I think as Randy mentioned we scrubbed it. We have discounted the larger projects from the expectations that those were closed this year, but what we did when we reorganized the sales force is put a lot more energy and effort in the aftermarket side and one of the things we bring to the table to a lot of the larger customers is the ability to service a vast majority of valves and the way that we are servicing those right now is on an aggregated buy basis from those customers and then also working inside their factory to their plants to be able to benefit from that. So that's the big piece of it. The second one is that there has been some Pentair demand on the downstream side especially the MRO downstream and as we always said we don't think that that could be deferred forever and we’re starting to see that start to come in. So, we are not declaring victory yet I think we are saying is that we believe the Q2 represents the bottom of the orders and we are starting to see the increase from here. A double-digit increase of the Q2 is still a modest level of orders that we - versus what we are used to but at least the sign that we are going to see that downstream investments start to come back.
John Stauch: Right now we are committed to the 100% of that income and we are tracking as we said $150 million better than last year but we are focused on this and obviously getting our debt paid down.
John Stauch: Yes, but Jeff I think we got to see another quarter too before we obviously - we will too have it but anyway we need to see another quarter before we are going to declare that there is upside to that number.
John Stauch: Yes, the weather can have an impact on the timing of the pool season Scott and last year there was a very, very strong Q2 and we are now back to more of a normal trend on a year-over-year basis in Q3 and as we shared I mean our product and environmental system business has been growing yearly double digit now for four five years in a row so we feel really good about the visibility to the summer and feel very good about the growth rate for Q3.
John Stauch: No. I mean we have few more factories in the works to reduce. So we are just under 100 total factories to Pentair and we expect to have reduced it by around five or six by the beginning of the year to the end of the year so we are modestly addressing it where we feel we have excess capacity due to the end markets that we are serving but we are not aggressively reducing the factory at this time.
John Stauch: I think there is, Randy mentioned, there is the desire to do significant growth investment and this is a business that absolutely deserves to do these growth investments and we factor them in at the business, spending them. The likelihood that they would actually spend them would be low.
John Stauch: Yes, we've got a little bit more short cycle, product shipments and also getting up with past two backlog, so we see that we're expecting to get a slightly higher standard margins we move that through the shipments, and we also as we mentioned that we took in a fair amount of deferred variances from last year, which I think we spent more than we should have on the labor side and we had a belief that off in the first couple of quarters this year, so we have a little tailwind associated with that.
Randall Hogan: Well, I'm not going to comment about speculation, if we have anything to say, we would have said it. But I'm really pleased with the progress. There is a lot of doubters, there is doubters in a lot of places about how well our actions would read out. And I think this was a proved quarter. And to go from the margins we had in the first quarter, the second quarter, and see the bottoming of orders, I'd say valves is a like has a like clear future today than it had in the first quarter.
Randall Hogan: This is just a weird time. I mean, there's such a mix geographically and between verticals in terms of the growing and not growing and I think that reflects the greater uncertainly in the world. We feel really good about industrial and commercial, we feel like infrastructure is coming back with some momentum, as I mention the orders not only a sales op but orders act, order activity has remained up. And while the agriculture continued muted spending in agriculture, mutes our Food & Beverage like. We feel really good about food service a beverage overall. So, we think a lot about what individuals are spending money on, is good, residential, commercial, food and beverage and even in industrial. The fact that we're getting to the point where we're seeing flattened daily order rates and industrial tells us that we're, that's why we are seeing the bottom there. We just don’t expect it to increase a lot in the second half yet.
Randall Hogan: Yes. Thanks Deane for asking that, so I can clarify. It's not the mix, the mix we're seeing is not mix between a customer saying buying a lower margin, lower performing product for the same application. It's specifically in flow and filtration, our Ag business has higher margins than our residential and commercial business. And so when Ag goes down and residential goes up, we get a negative mix. So, it isn’t product substitution in application, it's just a mix of what's growing and what isn’t. And in the Thermal business and technical solutions, again products MRO has high margins, project doesn't. So, we actually expected MRO to come back, maybe that was Pollyannaish, probably was but it didn’t, and therefore all the projects that we were happy about winning kind of overwhelmed margins for Thermal.
Randall Hogan: There is two pieces in there, both in inflow and filtration that we're talking about that have seen big negatives. One is irrigation and year-over-year it held up pretty well last year because we have pretty high share where there were droughts and then was a lot of activity drilling new wells because of the drought. We don’t have that impact this year. And the second is in crop spray, where we had we've actually been listening to the graveyard a little bit because we've been not declining the shaft as the market, and this is largely OEMs and distribution where we sell these precision spray systems that are used in agriculture as well. And that market remains depressed.
Randall Hogan: Yes. I probably should talk about it more, stop fighting fires. What's really interesting is there is much more awareness about the importance of safe clean water among the middle class and the developing world than there is in the US and Europe. Now, for sad reasons, there is increasing awareness in the US. We say a bump in the US because of the concern about drinking water in cities and schools and we could see that in our orders. And we are the largest provider of equipment for residential water treatment and filtration in the world. That business has been growing nicely. The little bit in China, we do have a nice exposure there, it has been lumpy because a lot of ours goes through distribution and it's been as credit has been harder to get there. Some of our distributors have had to slow down. But if you take a look at it over the last few years, it has been growing very substantially. And I move that business to Karl Frykman and his WQS team a couple of years ago because we were the largest player in that business but we weren’t the best performing in that business. And we made huge progress under Karl's leadership in taking that order, filtration, that part. It did water filtration, water filtration is made up of that residential and commercial and the foodservice piece, the Everpure brand, if you will. And a lot of the margin expansion you saw in WQS is actually because of the momentum we're gaining there. And we'll talk more about it.
Randall Hogan: Yes. I think Bess' progress is good. I mean, no one was more disciplined, it was not getting growth in the second quarter than she will. And I think we need to get more traction and she believes we need to get more traction on the things we're investing in the grow. We shouldn’t be surprised by what happened in irrigation. We need to be more intimate and close with the customer. And we need to keep driving on the areas that are working, like the shift to industrial water and capture as much of the infrastructure and rest as soon as possible. We still believe that there is probably more growth opportunities in the offerings that she leads and the markets that she served and any other business we have. There's no reason FFS shouldn’t be able grow and perform just like WQS.
Randall Hogan: Yes. Well, I mean, the infrastructure globally, there's a return to investments particularly in the [indiscernible] Moses and other water filtration on the municipal and the commercial scale. We have leading positions in advanced technologies for water we use, methane capture, CO2 capture for food & beverage and we're having promising early results, we need to flood this own and get more advanced in those businesses. And also, just in terms of our membrane technology. I think there is too narrow of focus of where we're applying our technologies and we need to be planful about it but the opportunities for us to be if you well Pentair inside, on membranes in a lot of applications which we are component supplier to high value applications.
Randall Hogan: Well, I see a good runway ahead for performance improvement there and what are we good at. We are good at performance improvement. So I think we have really turned the corner in the business. I am not going to strategy right here but it gives us great scale and it has great scale. I mean it's a large player in a large fragmented business and we speculated before on what needs to happen in industry we are not going to speculate anymore right now.
Randall Hogan: How many deals we buy in? A lot, I mean there is couple hundred million dollars Steve but I think we take a look at the technical solutions margins. It's really simply that there was expectation that we would see the MRO in the aftermarket product side which is a very, very high margin product line kind of basically not gravity and it was going to where they were planning on to be flat to up and it's down double-digits in Q2 and so we are seeing a margin squeeze between that products fall off and it was an expectation that that would rally in the second half and we have taken away that expectation to second half now and the anticipation that we are not going to see any recovery in the aftermarket side. We deferred that aftermarket. We covered it to 2017 and so that product decline of double-digit is really impacting the squeeze in the margins for technical solutions.
Randall Hogan: Yes, for the core Enclosures we did see, we have seen stabilization in our daily order rate and it's interesting there is quite a mix of what we are learning from what distributors are saying and clearly ones that are deeply industrial facing are facing more challenges than one more balanced are skewed towards commercial and we do serve multiple market. So maybe that's why we are seeing the flat.
Randall Hogan: Exactly and the other thing I would add is that we have really fixed funnel, we are looking at has been cleansed, high quality.
Randall Hogan: Yes, I think that we have a lot of capability and we have not fully achieved ignition in the marketplace. Infrastructure we have pretty good reach globally to basically the components that go in the large projects and we do pretty well there. Our hit rate when we compete for industrial is pretty good. We need to get more FX on that. And similarly I think that there is a vast opportunity for us to sell membrane bundles and not just modules and systems. So I think we are early days in terms of all the growth opportunities of the process filtration have.
Randall Hogan: You are talking about full filtration in total? Well, given the lack of good predictability that we have going in the second quarter I will be less confident in answering we expect to see some improvements in crops rate coming and but irrigation I think is going to be we are - this is irrigation season. So the fact that it wasn't up now it means it won’t be up in the third quarter. It tracks pretty closely with farm income unless you have an issue like we have with the drought.
Randall Hogan: This is small little tailwind from the variances associated with last year productivity working its way through Q1 and Q2 but most of it is the momentum of the incremental cost saves on the operational side and also some momentum around material savings working its way through the shipments.
Randall Hogan: Yes, I mean I don't know if it gets worse from here, Nathan but I don't think we are planning on getting too much better from here on those projects. I think I personally believe that a lot of that reset in pricing was the foreign exchange resets since a lot of these valve producers are outside United States and the euro going down major products more affordable and I think the big EPC is taking advantage of that and so I think it's stabilizing now as most people have taken up the capacity but I don't think it's going to recover to the levels that it used to be at either.
Randall Hogan: Yes. Before I get into the specific investment so what we meant was that we had such a nice increase in margins I just don't think people should expect it to be that good and we gave you some insights on what we expect the margins to be. The investments are basically in two. One is product innovation and the other one is in channel in geography investments and sales coverage. So maybe it's 50 bips a quarter in the investment increase and one is it's a business that as the conversation about China and the conversation we talked earlier about pool business it really is a business that is yielding the innovation so product innovation pays and then as I mentioned we are applying some of the pool playbook to water purification to get more eminent and closer to the customer and those are the geography and channel investments we are making.
Randall Hogan: Yes, there is a couple of factors. One is the Europe comp in water purification in the second quarter was tough so we didn't show growth there. We think that it gets better. And then and we talked about the pool timing. And the pool marketing you can look at comp, there is few comps you can look at. The pool market is really quite strong and we think that more that will read out too. You will see that more because of the timing comp, the timing won’t mess up the comp.
Randall Hogan: Yes, we have done really well on the price costs on both ERICO and Enclosure so we did single out the thermal business Josh primarily because that is not really steel related it's more of the heat tracing cable versus the labor and the integration cost to bring that project to there so when we take on the projects and we are doing the design the engineering and the install and then we’re bringing the cable along we are going to have a compression of margins when the product side is down. And as we mentioned the aftermarket MRO sometimes goes to distribution or go direct to the end site and again installed and that's the part that's been down double-digit. So we are up significantly in the project side. We are down in the product side and we’re experiencing an overall mix issue even though we are up in the revenue.
Randall Hogan: No change and we have probably experiencing a little bit modest headwind on Q3 and Q4 and I save a couple million dollars in the rising cost of the steel, but not anything significant.
Randall Hogan: Well, water purification in Europe pool isn't that big in Europe but the water purification side is and margins there are bad. Is there little mix…
Randall Hogan: I don't think refinery, we're seeing more of the petrochem spending come through, which has been actively being bit, one thing that seems pretty clear is that now that the rapid decline in capital spending has happened, our customers are really sorted out normally who is working on it, who has stored and formed it, which projects are going to go forward with and we execute a little projects, we talk a lot of our big projects as the thing is that they move a needle a lot, but our average project size is $100 million, so those are small outage turnarounds just maintenance related activities and so I think we’re going to get into a more normalized albeit lower level of how they’re deployed.
Randall Hogan: I think the structure itself is the right structure I think when you make this level of change where you have project oriented sales people trying to call in the aftermarket you’re going to find areas where that’s the wrong skill set and I think that’s where we’re going to have to continue to migrate the sales force to the right skill set overtime and to say we’re optimized to the moment I would say is not accurate and I think we think the structure is right and what we now need to do is get the processes, the support for the structure operating fully and then we think we can benefit going forward. Has that hurt us, probably here and there but not dramatically.
