Randall J. Hogan: Let me back up and just talk about – what we did during the quarter is we actually saw – as you can see, we saw revenue come in about where we thought we were seeing, but we weren't seeing the margins come in. So when we dug in deeper, we saw that the business was under more margin pressure. That was less about price and more about the fact that the costs that we had agreed would come out weren't coming out, and that's cost above material. And at the same time, we saw too much optimism in terms of all of the products not only in the quote log that was going to close, but in the backlog some more hope than certainty about when those things would ship. So as we looked at those realities, we said we need to be much more radical about our cost reductions, we need to accelerate a lot of our thinking about reducing the complexity in the business. And that's why John and I leaned in, and I have John specifically leaning in even deeper to drive a bigger cost-out agenda. Yes, we're seeing more price competition. We even feel it a little bit on the MRO side, though that's anecdotal, not a trend. And I think basically the longer this goes on and if you look at the whole industry serving oil and gas and all elements of it, there's going to be a wringing out of cost to get efficiency. And so for us to compete in this environment, we characterize that as an industry reset. The business was hoping it was just a temporary downturn. That's why we used the language we did. That reality is well understood now in the business and the requirements to take the costs out are known and we want to show a commitment to action.
Randall J. Hogan: Right. Over time I think it will lead to more consolidation. The smaller guys, they're bidding to keep their doors open and they get aggressive on price.
Randall J. Hogan: As I mentioned, we have two really high performing, as high performing as any business as anybody has in Water Quality and Technical Solutions, and they're ready to go on M&A. I think we could do well in the consolidating of the valves space, but I want to sort our own situation out first so I can do that with confidence.
Randall J. Hogan: No, I think not. You can see the signs. We still improved working capital in the quarter, we just didn't improve it as much as last year. And that's as much because sales was down so much. It takes a while to shovel it out, if you will, as sales come down. So we've got great processes on receivables. And a big part of it is in Valves & Controls, and because of their hopefulness around some of the stuff breaking loose, they were less aggressive on the inventory side than I think they will be going forward.
Randall J. Hogan: So I would think of it as – obviously exploration and production, the exploration side is down the most, and that's well understood. But particularly the large integrateds, they cut capital more generally. And we understand how that works for a big company. It could be as much as 30%. That's what we're using as our planning assumption.
Randall J. Hogan: So that's why we're being more aggressive on cost. And, Deane, you followed us a long time. We've been, unfortunately, at this movie before, so we know how to get it to turn out right.
Randall J. Hogan: We have a lot of shareholders, and we've talked to all of them. We welcome constructive input from all of them. So we've had discussions with a lot of folks. That's why we've led to a lot of things we've done. I talked for some time about the fact that we have – and it's one of the reasons why we changed the way we were talking about earnings. We believe we have an advantaged structure. We have strong execution skills. We have proven that we can do large and creative deals and pull them off well despite what we're seeing now, which is as you said, a market downturn, not an issue with what we've done with the business. So we are logically the right consolidator. It was part of the vision as we looked at it to build the company and get scale and have this advantaged structure. And we want to put it to work. We want to put it to work across the segments in a way that creates shareholder value going forward. We think we are aligned with shareholders on creating shareholder value. We're not happy. We're not satisfied at all with recent performance, and we're open to all kinds of ideas. And we believe we've earned the right to be a consolidator, and we want to be.
Randall J. Hogan: Layers don't improve. Simplicity layers don't improve communication. Layers don't do anything except for expand capacity which – I think that would be a fair question to ask. When our COO retired, we asked four presidents to step up to be mini COOs. Could we have seen this sooner? Probably. Should we have seen it sooner? Your judgment, it's up to you. But we did see it. And we thought we acted as fast as any COO would have ever acted.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, run the math and you'll see what this business would look like if we hadn't done what we did already.
Randall J. Hogan: Sure. One of our management philosophies is when you don't fully understand what the core issues are, you go to the problem. That's what we expect in leaders. You go to the problem. You understand the problem yourself. And then you define the execution plan, and then you act. And that's what John and I did on this. And what we do is, to the earlier point, you've got the layers out of the way in order for you to see that. And we decided that rather than appoint a new president right away, we should understand the problem more fully. And I have ultimate trust in John. And barring myself doing it, John is the right guy to do it. So we will find and appoint the right president for that and make a very thoughtful choice. And so the structure will still be four presidents, four segments.
Randall J. Hogan: Right now, we've got a good handle on the cost and we're working through some of the changes we want to make to be more effective on the sales end. But I'm not going to gate it to that. We're going to take the time this time to find the right – and judge the people to get the right leader, which maybe we should have taken a little more time to do.
Randall J. Hogan: We're working with a professional sales leader. And we have always felt that where a territory leader might have a budget, that budget is not properly broken out by account. And we feel it takes a different type of sales leader to call on a global account, a different type of sales leader call on an EPC and then a different type of sales leader to call on the base MRO/services opportunities. In some cases, that was the same sales leader in that territory calling on all three. So we're looking at it from a customer back account-based optimization and looking at those metrics globally to make sure we're properly dealing with the opportunities in the regions where those opportunities exist and we're making sure that we have that optimization. We're also going a step further to say once that quote comes in, how do we optimize the quote process. And when we're in a standard product quoting, we should have that in hours, not days. And when we get into longer-cycle engineer to order, there should be some thoughtfulness put into which projects we should be quoting and what is the prioritization of what's in the backlog, not all projects being equal. So that's what we've been working on. We've been working on that for close to nine months now. We've rolled it out in some of the regions and seen some great results from it. And we think we're going to continue to advance that sales optimization throughout the rest of 2015 into 2016.
Randall J. Hogan: Clearly, our aquatic systems business is account-based, sales-focused, calls on the end user, specifically on the end user, and that's served us quite well. We do also have other pockets of success in Pentair that we're modeling that against it as well.
Randall J. Hogan: There are a number of opportunities for consolidation there. They're still pretty fragmented, too, when you take a look at Water Quality, which includes the whole residential and commercial filtration area. It includes the aquatics area, which is pool; and then the aquaculture space, which gets us into some food processing, which is growing very rapidly. It's just small still, still small. So really there's a pretty broad play there. We're large in residential filtration. We think residential and commercial filtration is a good space. And now I think it's really well in a good home in Water Quality Systems. Then in Technical Solutions, we have a high-performing, high-execution business that has done great with everything we've ever put in there. And there's still – despite the consolidation that's going on in the whole industrial and electrical space, there are still opportunities there.
Randall J. Hogan: I'm not going to talk about – we have things in the pipeline. That's as far as I want to go. And we have a $1 billion authorization. We already did the first $200 million of it this year, and that was what we intended to do. So I wouldn't announce any change in that. So we've talked for some time about the fact that we've been looking. But there have to be sellers as well as buyers. I guess that goes without saying. I don't know if I...
Randall J. Hogan: I would say that they went through their – the thermal business went through their adjustment to the new reality in oil prices when oil prices first started to fall. And even before they started to fall, when the oil fans, which is a large segment for thermal large market, cancelled a lot of projects. And so a lot of their opportunity was wrung out during 2013, even the fourth quarter of 2012 and 2014. And then their focus was on winning the things that we thought would really happen, and they did. So those are in the backlog now. That's why we showed a measure of caution about how long that will continue. But right now, they have a good backlog. They have great execution. They've been very responsive to customers' needs to reconfigure projects to save money, and our team is really good now. And so the backlog is good, but I mentioned actually the backlog is up in the quarter and there are a lot of smaller projects. There's a fair degree of maintenance in that business. So these small projects we think are pretty solid, but we're going to be cautious given what we've seen in Valves & Controls.
Randall J. Hogan: As we've said before, we've exited some product lines, which has been a good margin – not products but basically the big box sales. We've been over a two-year process of exiting that, and that's been a margin lift, but it's been a top line and that's probably half of it. And then we actually think we're making pretty good progress on the pro side. But basically, all our distributors stopped buying and it just started raining and that's a pretty big market. And we believe others have seen that as well. So we don't believe it's going to stay down that low. We think the residential/commercial growth or market growth that's showing in Water Quality Systems is more along the lines of the end markets that we're seeing. There, we even grew in China.
Randall J. Hogan: We think it will. We have innovative products. We have a great relationship with customers. Our newer products are gaining share. So in both the foodservice business and in food and beverage manufacturing, we expect that to continue.
John L. Stauch: Absolutely, Steve. This is John. I think to Randy's point, we're seeing quotes in funnels that we're getting quote dates on them and then those quote dates are being pushed again to next quarter and the quarter after. The reality is the longer those quotes gets pushed off, the more likely they are not to be let, at least not in this year. So we do have a lot more competition quoting for jobs. There's a lot more time to evaluate other competitive orders against other competitive orders because we're not in a rush to get it done in 30 days or 60 days on the quote side. And there is more competition coming in. And as Randy mentioned, we've got to be competitive ourselves and we are going to continue to see the smaller people be more aggressive. But if they don't win, then I think there's a consolidation that has to occur.
John L. Stauch: There's a lot of data out there, Deane. We've seen it as bad as 30% on the high end of the data that we've seen. And that would probably represent the upstream CapEx spending where the cuts are harder, and we've seen the average that we were using around 20%. It's a little less than the downstream and a little deeper in the upstream. The midstream is, as Randy mentioned, especially outside oil and gas and LNG, et cetera, is still in a relatively growth mode. So it's a pretty deep cut. And we think that given the fact that we've come through two quarters, it's not likely that August and July, which tend to be slower months, are going to rapidly pick up. And then when you come out of the Q3 window and you've got one quarter left, it's very easy to push those projects into next year. So we're taking the view that the high end of the range is what's likely to occur, and we think that this lingers through the first half of 2016, and then we're hopeful that it starts to recover at the end of 2016 as some forecasts would suggest.
John L. Stauch: So when we came out of Q1, and I'll just talk to Valves & Controls specifically, Mike, and I'm going to come back to the other GBUs, which are actually performing relatively well in the markets that they're involved in. We wanted to get $40 million to $60 million across Valves into 2015 to 2016, and that was relative to expecting that the foreign exchange headwinds would be about that and suggesting that that would be a permanent reset that needed to be dealt with. We're now tasking, if you look at the slide, close to $135 million of costs out when you add in the sourcing benefits, and so those are comparable numbers. We did not and have not felt like we're going to realize much of that first opportunity of cost that we wanted to get out, and that's why we're making the change and ongoing in there with Randy's direction. And we're working through how to get it out in a way that actually reduces complexity, improves the customer experience, and positions us well for the recovery when it happens.
John L. Stauch: As we look at it, even in Valves & Controls, when we're into the aftermarket or the MRO or the like product in a like market, the pricing pressure has been relatively flat. There's competition, but for the most part there is a desire to replace a like-for-like component there. And we're not seeing huge pricing pressure on the installed base. It's more the larger projects. The same would be true in the rest of Pentair as we go through into the aftermarket. We're seeing modest price increases right now. Certainly we're not in a situation where we can raise price given where raw materials are. But we are net-net in a positive position on that, as you suggest.
John L. Stauch: Scott, it's John. Real quick, let me just give you the Valves & Controls view. When you take a look at the quote funnels Randy mentioned, it was at record levels. We have a record quote funnel. I think the a-ha moment for us was when we started to ask appropriately the movement in that funnel, what was actually getting quoted, what was actually getting pushed out, how many of those projects have been there for long periods of time. And then you get to the fact that there was a lot of projects in there that we honestly felt were not going to get quoted this year and therefore not going to come into backlog. It's very easy for people to want to believe in an optimistic forecast, especially in the future, because it takes away the pain of having to deal with the reality. And so we're acknowledging the reality of where we are. We're getting on with the solutions that we have to implement, and that's where we're going forward. I think it was our questioning of the leadership and going through that funnel that led to the realization that the back half was not going to recover. Now there's a lot of market data out there that would say that there is some hope that the second half will recover. We're just not buying into it.
John L. Stauch: We did have some modest in the prior forecast, but very little of the overall expectation is in the actual 2015 expectations at the moment. I would expect that we're at a full run rate basis by Q4, but the nature of how we bring that through to manufacturing and inventories, we would expect to see that benefit in 2016.
John L. Stauch: We've gauged the trend on the margin pressure into the back half of the year, and we have not yet put any of the expectation of the savings into the back half of the year.
John L. Stauch: We have an energy and industrial business in Technical Solutions, and we took a little bit of the trends that we're seeing in the Valves & Controls business and applied them to some of the fourth quarter assumptions, thinking that some of that might slip into 2016.
John L. Stauch: We've been considering this for some time and we've been hinting at this for some time in several of other earnings calls and analyst discussions where we had the slides out there showing the impact of the amortization. When we take a look at our advantaged structure, how Randy said, we don't think necessarily people are looking at below the EBITDA valuation of the company and we think the performance isn't being properly reflected.
John L. Stauch: It's still exceptionally high. We're well north of 10% on that deal. You've got to remember that the advantaged structure also leaks over into the value on the rest of the Pentair businesses. So the structure itself and what it's done to optimize the below the line has helped us immensely.
John L. Stauch: Jeff, and the other thing I would add is we have a very active pipeline. It's across a lot of our growth, as we call them, platforms or technology positions. We're always looking at that active pipeline. And right now, I would feel that we're far enough down the line on several of them that we feel that our current capital allocation plan is appropriate.
John L. Stauch: So your math is right. The slide is right. We reviewed the slide and did the same look internally. It is solely related to the drop in the operating income outlook of Valves & Controls, and you're seeing there both the high volume drop-through, which is the high decrementals in the first bullet, plus the realization that the cost actions that Randy and I tasked them to focus on this year are not likely to occur this year.
John L. Stauch: The positive change is accelerating those actions and realizing the benefit on these actions or doing slightly better on the expected booked margin of those projects.
John L. Stauch: We're comparing to a previous forecast where the expectation of realizing those benefits was in it. We're not comparing to prior year. So what we're looking at and what we're saying is that the change in the year, the change in the forecast and revenue versus the April forecast about changing the operating income, that was the question he was asking. If you look at it year over year, you'll see those high decrementals as well, but they're close to being in the 60s, and that's just the difference between sales and material.
John L. Stauch: There are one to two points of standard margin decline on a year-over-year basis, and the rest is just the volume drop-through.
