John Stauch: Thank you, Randy. Please turn to slide number 10, titled balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the year with our balance sheet in the best position in over two years. Our ending debt balance was $1.4 billion, which does not include just over $100 million of cash on hand at the end of the year. Our free cash flow into the year was over $600 million and represented 94% of adjusted net income. However, when excluding a one-time tax settlement payment from a prior year in 2017 free cash flow once again equalled adjusted net income. Our ROIC continued to improve and ended the year at 11.6%. Please turn to slide 11 titled 2018 outlook. Today we are introducing our 2018 adjusted EPS outlook for all of Pentair of approximately $4 per share, comprised of core sales growth of 2% to 4% and margin expansion of roughly 20 basis points. Embedded in our guidance is corporate expense of %100 million. Interest expense of $50 million and an effective tax rate of 18%. While we recorded a fourth quarter charge of roughly $85 [ph] million related to US tax reform, actually a gain of $85 million related to US tax reform. We believe the expanded - the expected 18% go forward tax rate to be an improvement over our current 20% tax rate and sustainable. The share count for 2018 is expected to be 183 million shares, inclusive of a completed share buybacks and before any incremental repurchases. While we have not yet finalized the capital structure of both companies heading into the separation, we continue to target investment grade metrics for both companies and our interest expense forecast reflects this target. We are also introducing 2018 adjusted EPS guidance for Water or RemainCo of $2.20 to $2.30 per share, on core sales growth of 2% to 4% percent. While we continue to make growth investments, we believe return on sales should expand approximately 40 basis points. I would remind you this follows a 140 basis points expansion in 2017. Corporate expense for Pentair RemainCo should approximate $55 million and interest expense is expected to be around $20 million. For Pentair Electrical or nVent, we are introducing 2018 adjusted EPS guidance of a $1.70 to $1.80 per share, based on core sales growth of 2% to 4%, flat return on sales, corporate expense of $45 million and interest expense of $30 million. Both companies will have more details on their 2018 outlook at the upcoming investor days on February 13 in New York City. While 2017 was a year of many changes for Pentair, both businesses have seen improving fundamentals and improving growth rates. As a reminder, the key rationale of the separation was to create two focused growth companies, which would require some dedicated growth investments in 2018, which should result in improved top line growth, EPS expansion and robust cash flow to be allocated in a disciplined manner to create share owner value. Please turn to slide 12 titled seasonality present in both businesses. We wanted to remind everyone that both businesses, particularly Water do experience some seasonality during the year. The past two years have seen similar trends that we would expect to continue. We thought this would be a useful reminder as you think about the quarterly distribution of sales and income for both businesses. Please turn to slide 13 titled Q1 2018 outlook. We are targeting that the first quarter should represent the last time we will report earnings as one company. With Q1 as a launch point for both companies, we are estimating core sales growth to 3% in both businesses for the first quarter. Segment income is expected to increase about 6% and return on sales is anticipated to be flat at 15.5%. Also we are expecting a tax rate of 18%. Net interest of around $13 million and shares to be roughly 183 million. Overall adjusted EPS is expected to be up over 20%. We exited 2017 continuing to build top line momentum, and while we continue to make growth investments in both Electrical and Water, Electrical’s also correcting its productivity issues and dealing with significant inflation challenges. We believe both businesses are positioned to deliver strong overall results, while preparing to stand up as two well positioned industry leading companies. I would now like to turn the call over to Karenna, after which Randy will have a few closing remarks. Karenna? Please open the line for questions.
John Stauch: Yeah. So I mean, I think when the legislation emerged we thought we'd - just like you did probably thought we'd have a slight headwind and a couple of things went favorable for us. One is there's less of a border adjustment tax impact on us, you know, US manufacturing tax than originally assumed and then also we were able to carry forward our deferred tax assets related to debt and debt restructuring for an infinite period of time which allows us to utilize those in the future. Those are the two main changes.
John Stauch: The optimism - I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, the optimism in this business is as high as I've ever seen it. Its - growth is really, really solid there.
John Stauch: I want to see more yields from price, right. And you know I'm taking a bunker attitude here, you know, which is don't shoot until you see the whites of their eyes. In other words, let's see some delivery here. This is a business that just delivers. So it's - I expect to be an anomaly what we're seeing now.
John Stauch: Yes. So Mike, you know, on the Water side, we had a strong productivity year in 2017. But you know, we have to get back to investing in organic growth. So for 2018 we've got some $25 million of incremental investments in primarily sales, marketing and innovation technology into the outlook for 2018. And we want to get back to investing to control our destiny as far as the future and begun to build an organic growth muscle. So we're excited about the opportunity to you know focus on where we think we're strong, which is residential, commercial, water treatment and then starting to invest in the longer term growth trajectory. So other than that, price cost for us is not as big an issue as it is in Electrical you know, we deal with the trades channel and usually have the ability to take the price and cost and mitigate them through our channel. So we're a little bit blessed in that regard. And then Randy, do you want to add to the Electrical.
John Stauch: Oh, yes, significant. I mean, both groups have taken the opportunity to optimize their portfolio and both sides are looking at you know some tailwind associated with 2017 restructuring.
John Stauch: Yeah. So what we are referring to is you know, we shipped some projects in 2016 that had a headwind you know, and we looked at those as being somewhere around a point of headwind on the Water side. And then you know, larger impact in the Electrical side, primarily all in Thermal, which was the large jobs that had completed in 2016 that had no revenue in ‘17. That's all behind us now. And as we look forward we no longer have those challenges and each of the businesses will produce the organic growth or the core growth that - that will be just reflective of no longer having those year-over-year challenges.
John Stauch: No. I mean, it was more about more geography prioritization. You know, we as two smaller focused companies can't afford to be in every geography in the world. And you know, it gets very difficult to have a small scale and compete in Russia or a small scale and compete in Brazil and so both sides we’re looking at optimizing those opportunities. But those will be some surrounding headwinds next year, Scott as we look to move the revenue that we have to a distribution or an alternative channel, but we removed the costs – associated [ph] structure, being cost structure of being local there.
John Stauch: So I'll handle the Water side. I mean, clearly you know, disciplined capital allocation is important for both sides. And I think in the near term we think we have a significant amount of organic growth opportunities and I'd like to see our businesses demonstrate the organic growth that that they have and then tuck in behind it the M&A. So yes, we're identifying them. I think you know, where we have strong organic growth and they probably have a readiness and an ability to move sooner. But I really want to see the discipline around that steady consistent organic growth and then putting the fuel behind them as a bolt on. Randy, if you want to answer the Electrical…
John Stauch: Yeah, I think the biggest tailwind opportunity for both companies as we go forward is to read – the reducing of the separation related costs and the severance and restructuring costs. I mean, on the gross cash rate both companies will start to you know get into more of a stabilized mode and no longer have these large restructuring actions that have hurt us on the cash flow side.
John Stauch: Yeah. I don't know if we're there yet. I think it's really about the fact that it's prioritization. And you know, we've been - we have a lot of great growth opportunities across all of Water, but we have to focus our energy and focus our actions - our actions. And so you know, it's about not chasing the large jobs that are one and done. It's about focusing on the aftermarket. The annuities, the stability of our customer base and that's really what it's about at this point Nathan.
John Stauch: Obviously that that reflects roughly what we think will do. As you recall you know, now that we've retired all - retired the debt with the proceeds from Valves & Controls, while money is fungible, the debt that remains is really around EFS. So I just think by rights it sort of an Electrical debt, which is the guiding principle. I think there are more opportunities on both sides, but Waters is been on the sidelines for first because of Valves & Controls and secondly because of the EFS acquisition for a while. So those are the guiding principles that I gave the team to use as they put this together, still have to finalize things though.
John Stauch: Yeah, about 50 basis points on the Electrical side. You know, and again I mean, those are to further off the automation, get the delivery and quality issues and also to be creating the one event opportunities across the portfolio for some of the key initiatives that they have, like rail and data centers. So I mean I think each of these companies feel that the incremental investment in 2018 is really going to create a sustained and more predictable organic growth in ’19, ‘20 and beyond. And so obviously if it doesn't materialize that's an opportunity, but it would be disappointing if we weren't able to invest that in the future growth.
John Stauch: Josh, let me take - let me take it and of course, probably will come up again on the 13th [ph] But you know, the fact is that, we have always focused on capital allocation, if look at all the things we did, I mean, we just - we sold the pipe business right after we bought Tyco. We ended up making different calls and selling valves. You know we have trimmed and pruned the business, as well as replanted it. And so that sort of I think almost in the DNA of the business to think that way. And I would expect both businesses to continue to do that.
John Stauch: Yeah, what Randy meant was even though we delivered a 140 year-on-year this year and we're up 100 every single quarter, we did not make those future investments in the growth that we're doing in 2018. So if you add back that $25 million of incremental growth I shared with you it suggests that these margins continue to expand before that growth. And I would just look at it that way. The other thing we did and you know we used a playbook that's been proven in the PIMS for some period of time and we did a lot of product rationalization, SKU rationalization and reprioritizing some of the lower margin product and really didn't suffer all that much in the top line - significantly expand margins. So I mean, there's a ton of opportunity still remaining in these businesses from an operational standpoint, but we want to invest in future growth.
John Stauch: No, and our peer group demonstrates that too. I mean, if you take a look at some of the older water peers they have really nice margins as well.
John Stauch: Yeah, we are we're seeing a pretty broad base. As we mentioned before, particularly now with the tax law change, I expect - I would expect the investments in petro-chem on the chem side, right, on the plastic and monomer side is going to be quite substantial here with low cost natural gas in North America. The whole industry should be here. So with the tax law change you know, I think it could be - we could have a sustain capital spending even at this oil price level, that would be pretty exciting.
John Stauch: Now if you want to go back and just look at the energy side, you know, now they're back $65. You're back to more normalized maintenance level and this is a business and has a wonderful MRO flow. And our focus now on our investment as we took down the elephant hunting, forgive me - forgive the metaphor, but of the large projects we invested in the things out to more aggressively focus on getting that after marketing and serving it and we're enjoying that. So I expect it to continue.
John Stauch: As I mentioned it is broad based. So it is Europe. It has come back from Canada, it has – it is strong in North America.
John Stauch: Yeah, I mean the productivity – the stabilization then leads to positive productivity and you know that's more in the third and fourth quarter as opposed certainly not first quarter a little bit the second that I think about it.
John Stauch: Let me say this carefully, but I hope there is an opportunity. You know, we haven't broken that process. But this business, I mentioned it's an anomaly and most in the Enclosures business for this kind of performance. So controlling your destiny means controlling what you can. So there's been a price increase but do we count on that or we count on the productivity that we own and we drive, you kind of what you can - would you own and drive that's what controlling our own destiny means. If the price really read through that would be good. But we want to deliver on our commitments in any case.
John Stauch: What our process is you know, we're not commodities traders. So what we'd like to do is we would like to lock in our price so that we can have good operating plans and predictability in our business. So we typically are locked out about 6 months on those commodities and copper is one of them.
John Stauch: But I mean, people are seeing inflation, so any material inflation that typically in that business has led us to be able to achieve some price.
John Stauch: In this kind of a robust economy there will be - there will be larger projects, but we want projects to come to us and we want to own other parts of the business. And so it's a different - we certainly will accept them as they come. But we're not going to have the major effort that we had in the past and the cost structure associated with that.
John Stauch: Well, the CADDY business, the CADDY brand product line which is largely commercial is seeing – it saw some variable growth in EFS, but CADDY was pretty solid, it was it was really solid in the fourth quarter and then the industrial - the infrastructure business was - really came back and I think again in this economy with what's happening, I would expect infrastructure to continue with some strength.
Randy Hogan: Yeah, I think - I think that our outlook is realistic, but there's more upside than downside. I mean, we have - a lot of people calling synchronous growth. First time I've seen in 30 years. The markets are good for gaining momentum in Electrical, specifically we've got some the disappointing execution in Enclosures that we have. We've got that stabilized, it’s not productive yet, but now it's stabilized. I would hope that we could gain even more share and get back our rightful share that maybe we lost a little bit of it in Enclosures…
Randy Hogan: You know, we had a number of plant moves – just a consolidation of a distribution center that we started in 2016, it took a little longer to get them done. And then the market took off and that's just the additional demand just basically overwhelmed the moves. They weren’t stable. So we're getting to the end of that, that's why the first quarter outlook is what it is.
Randy Hogan: Let me give you an overview and then Beth will go into it in more detail on the 13th, I think it's fair for her to let her do that. But basically we were very cautious on price while we were having these delivery challenges because of the operational faux pas. And so price – price is still going to be a headwind in the first part. And we're not counting on productivity in the first you know, five months or so, four months of the year…
Randy Hogan: Well, I think you know we'll talk about this definitely in length on the 13th. But first and foremost, we have lot of organic growth opportunities. I mean, one of the reasons we want to separate both these companies is they both have the ability to focus on organic growth. Organic growth is you know - delivering that growth muscle for us is key and what that means is we're going to focus on where we're really good, which is residential, commercial water treatment. That is our strong position globally and we want to continue to invest in that area and maybe deemphasize a little of the other pieces of portfolio.
Randy Hogan: No, I mean, we continue to see the order rates continue in that area both in - definitely Florida and the Houston area. So you know, as both the states continue to rebuild outside of that hurricane damage that they suffered.
Randy Hogan: A shout-out to the Thermal team. They did an incredible job this year. You know, if you look at their overall and the top line coming down those was big projects. They not only right sized cost structure, but actually made investments, they made investments against driving MRO and driving product sales only much higher margins than the products that were coming down. So we saw a nice increase in margins in that business and frankly with a little bit of mojo behind capital spending in energy that's going to bode well for the smaller projects and the product sales and our investments we made in MRO. I expect another dazzling year for Thermal.
Randy Hogan: And kudos to John and Beth both as they - built the structures as you recall when we first said we're going to separate, we thought we might have a $20 million headwind in the corporate cost and we actually came out with a neutral, no headwind. A lot of good work too.
Randy Hogan: Yeah, the market is definitely recovering and has been recovering throughout 2017. And we have built the order backlog for the breaking fix side of primarily municipal. So I think we – we’re now moving from what used to be a headwind to let's say a slight tailwind.
Randy Hogan: Yeah. In Electrical you know, there's quite a few parts of the business, if you look at all three of what will be the segment, they are actually all three very attractive from a profitability standpoint and they all have opportunities on the M&A. But I would say 2018 as a prove it year from an operation standpoint and a continuation year from driving the organic growth that we're really building great momentum on. At the same time there have been and there will be opportunities I think to do little plug and play acquisitions, particularly in the EFS side, Electrical Fastening Solution side and maybe some Thermal too. But again, I think Beth could talk more about that on the 13th.
Randy Hogan: Yeah, I would say it's a rounding error. I mean, a day is not all that meaningful and that's reflected in what we have in the core guide for Q1.
Randy Hogan: Yeah, the first thing I'd like to state, maybe it's clear already, is both Water and Electrical have and will convert at 100% level. So the capability is on both sides. There's a seasonality in Water that John talked about that's important, but for the year both will deliver. I believe that Electrical it does because of the distribution - short term distribution challenges that I just talked about will have some inventory opportunities, as well as we've really only begun to think - make - scratch the surface on EFS opportunity on inventory.
Randy Hogan: I think we need to build the business model to be able to sustain that, so we keep it going. John made a good point earlier about these large projects that are won and done. And I mentioned earlier about Thermal, as redirecting and restructuring their cost to go after smaller sustainable MRO and product that's really an opportunity in Water as well, which as John said that those investments should sustain, those investments should give us more reliable organic growth.
Randy Hogan: Yeah, Josh, I mean to put it into context, 85% of what we do falls into one bucket in Water called residential commercial water treatment. I want to focuses to be there. We've moved to more of an enterprise model where we have the ability to look at marketing across the enterprise you know, in innovation across the enterprise and we want the extra energy to be focused on where we think we can differentiate against the competition and differentiate on behalf of the customer. One of the big areas that we have to invest in is digital marketing to pull the consumer through our professional channel and that's going to be done first on the residential commercial side. The technology is transferable, I mean when we take a look at what we have and what we do in Industrial Filtration that technology is useful in residential commercial, it hasn't been used that way in the past. And so it’s more about a redirection as we go forward than it is necessarily an asset sale.
Randy Hogan: Well, again, talking about Enclosures, it’s really hard to actively set price when you can’t get deliver, right. And so we've got stable and we'll see whether they accept it.
Randy Hogan: Thanks for your questions and your attention. Just to wrap things up, we remain on track for the separation to be completed by April 30th. But this still remains work to be done. Both businesses are well positioned entering the New Year with improving top line fundamentals. We expect both companies have strong balance sheets upon launch. We report to updating you further on February 13th with Pentair and nVent presenting their strategies and we hope you share our excitement for the future of both companies. Again thanks for your continued interest and operator you can conclude the call. Thanks.
