Bob Fishman: Yes. From our perspective, the year is playing out very much like we thought it would be when we gave our initial guide at the beginning of the year. When we look at the business, we have a comparison to last year where, if you remember, inflation started accelerating in Q2, Q3 and Q4 of '21 and price was still catching up when we looked at the volume in last year's Q3 and Q4, really normal seasonality was not in play. Backlogs were high. We were shipping the products that we were available to us and revenue growth was primarily volume driven. As we built the guide for this year, our view was that price would start to read out quite effectively and price offset inflation in Q1 and then read out really nicely in the second quarter. And our view is price will continue to exceed inflation in the back half of the year. As we look at the back half of the year, price remains strong for the business. and channel inventories return to more normalized levels against tougher comparisons. So what that means is that our guide remains very consistent with what we said at the beginning of the year, and it sets us up for a more normalized pool season in 2023.
Bob Fishman: Yes. I'll break that into the 2 pieces because we look at really in inflation and supply availability in 2 different pieces. From an inflation perspective, our biggest challenges really are across metals, motors, drives, electrical freight, including fuel charges and labor. Of those pieces, most are about the same with commodity prices, metals, copper, steel, showing some improvement, which would likely read out early next year. So our view is inflation gets a little bit better in the back half, but continues to be a challenge. From a supply availability perspective, heaters and lighting, cleaners have all improved. The challenge remains around variable speed pumps automation, sanitization, really anything related to availability of chips. We also continue to have challenges around resins drives electronics. So supply availability, about the same, inflation, getting a little bit better in the back half, but should read out in an improved fashion in 2023.
Bob Fishman: Yes. That's built into the guidance that we have. So our view is that still catching up on the heaters, lighting -- still catching up on the variable speed pumps, the sanitization, the automation. And heaters, lightings and cleaners will be -- those backlogs will come down in Q3 and Q4.
Bob Fishman: Yes, resi flow continues to remain strong from a demand perspective, our bigger challenges around supply availability and labor. So backlog looks healthy. Inventory in the channel looks healthy and in good shape, we just need to deliver that backlog in Q3 and Q4.
Bob Fishman: Yes. It's still very early to give our view of the 2023 pool season. But certainly, what we see today suggests more of a normal environment. So we spoke about inventory in the channels at the end of the year being more in line. And then that allows us to have some amount of price carryover from 2022, but more normalized seasonality in the business. So that's our view right now. We'll let the Q3 and the pool season ends in October and then have a better perspective on our next earnings call.
Bob Fishman: It's really 3 different business. So we spoke about residential flow and that business continues to have good demand. Commercial sales was down. That's primarily due to us needing to improve some supply chain inefficiencies. And then the longer cycle Industrial Solutions business is doing well, led by sustainable gas. So again, a mix of businesses, but overall, pleased with the 7% core growth in IFT.
Bob Fishman: Yes. We have a number of levers. I'll start with transformation. The transformation program is really gaining momentum. We're seeing some small benefit this year in '22, but a significant funnel being built in the transformation. And we talked about a 300 basis points improvement for the overall Pentair business to 2025. So certainly on track to deliver that, so it starts with transformation. Then we have a number of inefficiencies to be honest, in the '22 P&L, and we're in the process of looking at those as we build out our plans for next year, but everything from air freighting product to having our labor and certain manufacturing inefficiencies in our factories. So overall, lots of opportunity to expand margins next year through the transformation and being laser-focused on the inefficiencies this year.
Bob Fishman: Yes. So we have a page in the deck that talks about Manitowoc being around $325 million of revenue. If you took 5/12 of that, you can be pretty close to the revenue number. And then from an income perspective, we've talked about that being a 30% EBITDA margin business. And so again, if you took 5/12 of that, you come up with roughly what the EBITDA would be for the business.
Bob Fishman: Just interest. The business is tracking well, and our goal is to be focused on synergies next year in addition to that.
Bob Fishman: Yes. We typically would not forecast transformation expenses. We do forecast the amortization on intangibles going forward, but we would not forecast that. You can expect us to continue at about the same rate as what you saw in Q1 and Q2 in the back half of the year as we spend money on third-party consultants to help us drive primarily pricing and sourcing.
Bob Fishman: We are pleased with the IFT ROS improvement in the business. We do expect to finish the year with return on sales higher than the prior year. You'll remember that last year, they started benefiting from complexity reduction in the back half that trend has continued, and we continue to have momentum in that business. So overall, we were flat for Q2, but do expect in the back half of the year. to see Ross expansion in that business.
Bob Fishman: We expect price to continue to be strong at that double-digit rate. So we did 10% in Q1 and 14% in Q2. So I think double digits in the back half is our assumption.
Bob Fishman: Yes. We don't really want to get into all the specific pieces for each of the different segments. I would say that overall, for the company, we've talked about price reading out double-digit. You can think about acquisitions, roughly offsetting FX and then the rest is volume. So think about volume as being down low single digits to mid-single digits in the back half.
Bob Fishman: Off to a good start in July, a lot of it comes down to the allocation of key product, and so we're on track to deliver the quarter based on the start in July.
Bob Fishman: Yes, all of our transformation initiatives are focused on sustainable gross margin improvement. So when we talk about 300 basis points of RAS, you can basically equate that to 300 basis points minimum of gross margin.
Bob Fishman: So to answer your first question, the price reading out in the back half of the year is based on all of the price actions that we have taken over the last couple of quarters. So those are locked in. As we think about price moving forward in the back half of the year, price increases, I would expect at this point that there will be some price increases. Labor continues to be high. while we are seeing some relief in commodity, we continue to see pressure on other pieces of the supply chain. So definitely moderating, but at least at this point, suggesting some small price increase.
Bob Fishman: So from a capital allocation perspective, maintaining our investment grade is extremely important to us. So I typically start with that. In terms of paying our dividend, we've increased our dividend 46 years in a row. That's important as well. Near-term focus will be on debt reduction as we bring down that interest cost. And then from an M&A perspective, we are entirely focused on the successful integration of Manitowoc Ice and driving the synergies that we've discussed previously. So from a capital allocation perspective, those would be the key priorities.
John Stauch: Yes. I think we're still very positive about the outlook. I mean one of the things that gives us that confidence is Everpure, which is our commercial Water Solutions business, we've seen that business perform significantly well during cycles, I mean, other than COVID. And just as a reminder, we're not yet to the hospitality levels globally that we expect to get back to. And so when that global travel starts to open up, those are great markets that have been on pause for a little bit in those spaces. So we share some of the same accounts and we have opportunities to penetrate the complementary accounts. and multiple. And then we believe that the KPI service piece of it creates that ongoing service annuity around these 2 products. So no, we think it's going to perform well.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean listen, Mario has brought a lot of great leadership capability to Pentair, and I'm sad by what we're doing here from a standpoint that we've almost a victim of our own success. I mean pool, as we mentioned, has almost doubled since 2018. And along the way, we're now competing directly with 2 stand-alone pool public companies. And that business needs a different level of agility and focus for it to deliver to the customers' expectations and be the premier pool provider. On the Water Solutions side, we're adding a commercial element that skews us more from a residential into a commercial aspect. So all of the great capability that Consumer Solutions built, the stronger brand, the customer service, the connected solutions, the effortless customer experiences all phenomenal progress over the last 8 to 10 quarters. All of that capability we use, but I want to use it closer to the customer. So pool needs what it needs to do from those capabilities, and then we need to make sure we're not losing sight of servicing the foodservice customers in Water Solutions. So Jerome used to run pool, and so he's coming back to lead that segment. And within Water Solutions, Adrian has been very close to that process through the transformation work and the onboarding of Manitowoc, and I feel like he's going to bring the right capability and leadership style. And Demond has run our pool business for the last 3 years. He's a long-term Pentair employee, and I think he's going to bring great capability to IFT. And Mario and I talked, and I think this is a great opportunity for him to use the skills and either take my job somewhere else or go lead is a bigger segment somewhere else. So that's a little bit of color.
John Stauch: Yes. So I think we had our guide that we felt like we were going to the original guide. And as Bob said, our current guys equaled that original guide. And we always forecasted that we would see those inventory levels start to come down as our lead times started to get better to the channel. I mean, historically, we were generally at 5 days out for any product we made. Clearly, when we were trying to catch up in 2021, that exceeded 180 days in some aspects. Those lead times are not yet back in line to the products that Bob mentioned, anything chip-related or IoT related. And we expect that we'll begin to catch those up between Q3 and Q4 and get more normalized as we head into next year.
John Stauch: Yes. I just want to give some color and then Bob will take it a little deeper. I mean, just a reminder that in the flow in our IFT side, we struggle with some of the same challenges we're struggling with on the consumer solutions regarding variable speed and the availability of those drives. So we are still seeing a shortage of those products, and that's where we're having trouble getting the backlog out as well as, as Bob mentioned, some of the labor and some of the premium freight associated with that lingering around the cost side.  So Bob, I don't know if you want to provide any more color there.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean it's a steady mid-single-digit grower normalized, and we continue to see it flip along at that rate. I think there's always a little bit of headlines on restaurants that are challenged, but then you always see or don't hear about the new restaurants that come online. And so while restaurants might not be able to fill out their capacity levels because of labor constraints, it doesn't mean that they're necessarily using less water. And that water in most of our restaurants is filtered to a high-quality standard. So I mean, we're seeing good progress there, and we're continually to be bullish on that particular space.
John Stauch: Both. I mean, I think Bob mentioned that we're going to have a normal seasonality next year, just to be clear, regardless of what the pool outlook is for 2023. We think it will be back in line with historical patterns of peak performance in Q2, a little lighter in Q1 and Q4 regarding that pattern and that's what we think to happen. And what we expect to be at is that we're back to more normalized inventory that would reflect no more further significant supply chain issues. I had a couple more questions on that. We're still short, as you've heard from some of our key customers. And they need those variable speed pumps. They need the sanitizers. And when we finish those out and get those to them, they can get to close the pool pads out, and then that brings the inventory back in line.
John Stauch: And as I said in my comments, we had a supplier show, and you probably heard me talk about all the great opportunity to partner differently with supply partners, you should read into that a lot of complexity of product, both in the form of castings as well as semiconductors and PCB boards and et cetera. And so as we go forward, the opportunity to consolidate those designs is a big piece of how we think we're going to drive longer-term margins in IFT and Consumer Solutions, of course, but we'll see it in IFT as well.
John Stauch: And then if action continues to be the headwind on a year-over-year basis, and you can back into the volume, which is comparison to higher levels in Q3 and Q4. And then also, as we mentioned, our views of what the inventory correction will be in the channel due to supply chain catching up.
John Stauch: I think early next year, in accordance with when we provide the guidance, we would expect to give you the transformation expectations and break out some of the components of how we're going to achieve that.
John Stauch: Yes. I'll take the first part, and then Bob will give you a little bit more color. I'm looking at '19, and I'm looking at my gross margins in '19. And as you recall, we took a small dip in '20 as COVID started to unfold, and we've been catching up ever since. And so our gross margins are still down from '19, and we still believe when we look at our transformation savings that we're using that historical point and then seeking to drive significant gross margin expansion from there. So as we think of pricing as we think of sourcing, it's not just about getting back from -- back to that level. We want to be back to that level and then some which would get after the right pricing dynamics that we're seeking in each of our industries as well as getting real sourcing benefits from our supply partners. And from, as I mentioned earlier, reducing the complexity of our designs through our incentives of Excellence.  So Bob, I don't know if you want to bring more color.
John Stauch: Yes. I think in our distribution and dealer-based businesses, we're pretty confident having been through these cycles before that our customers understand that labor is a big piece of the price that the price efforts we put into place, we would expect to be more sustainable levels. When you get a more project to the OEM-related businesses, I mean, there is a dynamic where we would expect to see pricing headwinds in those businesses, and we need to capture more sourcing savings to drive those gross margins as we go forward. So it's different depending on what business you're looking at, it's a combination of both of those things.
John Stauch: Yes. I think it's hard to see the immediate reactions. I mean, it's logical to think that higher interest rates are going to put a pinch on consumer spending. And I would say that we break those into 2 categories, what's the discretionary piece and what's the nondiscretionary piece. We don't see pool owners, in particular, on the high end, really changing behavior at all. House is still continuing to transact. Some of those or most of those, I should say, are cash based, and they're still going to seek those pools. I think where we may or may not see it as we look into 2023 and '24 is on remodeling, home remodeling, and/or what is a nondiscretionary purchase of a higher-end water softener, water treatment system, et cetera. That's where we'd see it. We have not seen it yet, but that's where we would expect to see and measure the consumer sentiment regarding our products. The rest is break and fix and I'd call that nondiscretionary and you need a pump, you need a pump. You need a filter replaced, you need a filter replaced.
John Stauch: Thank you for joining us today. It's an exciting time for Pentair, and we are preparing to make the most of it. We expect Manitowoc Ice and our new segmentation to be accelerators for all of our stakeholders, and we look forward to updating you on our progress in the future.  Jamie, you can conclude the call. Thank you.
