John Stauch: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. Please turn to Slide Number 4, titled Executive Summary. We are pleased to deliver second quarter results in-line with our expectations, even as weather issues lingered throughout the quarter. We continued to believe that the underlying demand trends in our businesses remain healthy and we have plenty of growth opportunities ahead of us. Our second half outlook demonstrates progress against unprecedented inflation inclusive of tariffs and we now believe that we will get back to our 18% tax rate for the remainder of 2019 and for 2020. Our recent acquisitions Aquion and Pelican are performing in-line with expectations. Further, both deals help us accelerate our Residential Water Treatment strategy, which I will provide an update on later in the call. We are continuing to invest in our top growth priorities and I will provide more color on our focused opportunities after Mark shares details on Q2 and our updated guidance. I will now turn the call over to Mark.
John Stauch: Thank you, Mark. Please turn to Slide Number 10, labeled Focused Strategies. I wanted to provide an update on our two focus growth strategies. We recently completed a comprehensive North American residential consumer segmentation, which has provided great insights into how to better position two of our key businesses pool and residential and commercial water filtration for differentiated growth. The segmentation analysis gave us granularity as to our customers' needs, behaviors and key attributes. These insights allow us to better understand their buying behaviors, as well as customer journey mapping in future product insights to meet their needs. These insights are critical to driving our marketing efforts and to be more targeted in the types of personas that we want to engage with in the future and how to best connect them with our channel partners. As we focus on advancing pool growth, we have opportunities in both the new and replacement markets. Whether only about 75,000 new pools built a year, we see opportunities to increase our content per pool, particularly around automation and connected solutions, as well as new products in the areas of remote monitoring, advanced energy efficiency and simplicity of maintenance. These are also similar opportunities with approximately 5 million installed in ground pools, we continue to look at the poolpad as pools ecosystem. Through this lens, we are developing more efficient treatment technologies as well as smart, an IoT enabled products that seamlessly configure and operate more effectively together. These solutions are being managed by what we believe are best-in-class apps that enable a superior user experience, as well as opportunities to drive improved levels of customer service. Accelerating residential and commercial water treatment is our other primary growth opportunity; the first area we are focusing on is end-to-end residential consumer filtration. Here our two recent acquisitions are playing an important part. Aquion brought to us systems capabilities as well as affiliated RainSoft dealers. Pelican brought an online capability that expands our omnichannel reach. Similar to what we have done in Aquatic Systems, we have been looking at water treatment applications throughout the home as a system offering. Through this work, we have identified many customer back opportunities to create differentiated water treatment products and systems. We are developing more efficient treatment technologies tackling some of the challenges that are top of mind for consumers today, such as lead removal and delivering great tasting water at every tap in your home. We also been developing and we will soon be launching the Pentair home and Pentair pro apps that bring our new suite of smart IoT enabled products to life. These sets of apps seamlessly connect consumers, water treatment service providers and Pentair to provide product performance monitoring, control and service. The second opportunity we see is building our commercial filtration business. We have enjoyed strong presence in foodservice historically and we plan to continue to focus in this area. There are other areas such as commercial office water that offer additional growth opportunities over time. We believe that these are two significant and focus growth opportunities that can accelerate our organic growth rates and create significant share on the value. I would now like to turn the call over to Rob for Q&A, after which I will have a few closing remarks. Rob, please open the line for questions.
John Stauch: Yes, first to talk about Q4 overall. So, with respect to Aquatics, Aquatics on the top-line is when you work out the math is down slightly.
John Stauch: In volume, so that is kind of acknowledging a bit of the comp from the prior year, as well as are the continued working down of the inventory that we talked about previously. The other two businesses, we do see those as improving from a revenue perspective some of that's driven by price and some driven by volume. And when you look at the bottom line and think about kind of the year-over-year we start to get, we get more help from price, we are less of a headwind from inflation. We certainly had the acquisitions are embedded in there, so those start to add as well. And then productivity gets better in Q4, if you remember last year we called out some challenges in the Flow business, so we start to see some productivity improvements. They start to read out in Q3, but then continue to ramp up in Q4.
John Stauch: Steve, I think that's the right way to think about it. Things were a little more stable, you know, in particular -- in filtration, we did call out a number of what I referenced a sort of unusual or one-time type items in Q1. Those stabilize and moderated in Q2. We didn't see certainly a headwind from Europe, for example, in Q2, in filtration and the businesses was better performance in Q2 and we would anticipate seeing something similar as we work through the balance of the year.
John Stauch: Yes, so we've bought back 150 million shares in the quarter and that represents our plan for the year.
John Stauch: Nathan, I would just add that we have significant progress on sourcing that we're making up on against the inflationary issues and that is a positive, and we feel confident about that continuing. We had one lingering productivity issue, which is our larger pump flow business and we're continuing to experience headwinds there that we feel confident, we've got the on-time delivery back up and we've got most of the past due being worked down as we head into Q3 here. So, we feel good about that turning around to a positive in the back half of the year, as Mark mentioned. And I just, like, lastly mentioned that these two growth initiatives, we have a great pool business and we're continue to invest in it despite what's going on with the weather headwinds. So, we're putting a fair amount of sales, customer service support against that. And then also on the end-to-end residential solutions, which is our Pelican business; we're investing heavily to build out the brand in the marketing efforts there. So, those are some negatives against what I think is a sustained positive productivity that you should see in Q3 and Q4.
John Stauch: Yes, Nathan, all I can say is that, as I said, we do start to see it actually reading out in inventory, which would then come through and we see it through the P&L. And the funnels that gives us the confidence are built in a very detailed granular level action start to build up and we see them starting the anniversary and carry over. So, I can't comment on sort of the relationship to last year, but certainly when we look at this year and the activities that the teams are working on, we feel confident about the Q3 and Q4 trajectory there.
John Stauch: We wouldn't specifically comment on that other than to say that, it certainly is going to improve over the number that we see for Q2.
John Stauch: Nathan, I share your energy and passion around this. I think we feel good about the sequential run rate of our cost structures, if they go forward. When you look at a year-over-year, I mean, if you take back at Filtration Solutions Q2 last year and the ROS that they had, you saw a pretty high ROS. So, we've got some year-over-year comparables in this Q2 that aren't the same comparables as we head into Q3 and Q4. In growth is such a huge component of this drop through that, that's why Mark is not going to give you an exact number at this time.
John Stauch: Yes, thank you for bringing it up. I mean it's really as we have a good foodservice relationship and when you take a water in foodservice it's really critical and important to our end consumers even the form of making coffee, pizza dough, making sure they got safe clean water and good tasting water for their restaurant customers. We also have all those products that we sell into the commercial office water space. And what we're seeing with the office space is being reconfigured and redone, as people want the good tasting water more at the tap, or the capability and then we feel we have superior technology around carbonation capability and also mineral dosing or flavor dosing capability. We could bring that either through OEM partnerships. We can bring that through our existing channels or we're looking for ways to accelerate that through service or total water management in the commercial office water space. So, it's an area that we've been strategically working on for the last 18 months and we really feel like we've got great technology and great products to bring to market there and just wanted to highlight it is an area that we're going to be focusing on.
John Stauch: Yes, Deane, I appreciate it. You know clearly the market from a service or delivery perspective is highly fragmented, which has always been a challenge to kind of breakthrough and make sure that your products and capabilities are there. I won't mention by name, but several large OEM producers are looking to get in this market, primarily around delivering the flavored and/or carbonated water needs as well as there's other partners that are thinking about how we bring heated water for tea and coffee to bear. So, I think the movement of having fresh new differentiated technology advanced products is a great opportunity for Pentair, to certainly partner and bring those products through. As far as going to the services end, or doing the last mile, Deane as you mentioned, I think that would have to be more likely an inorganic strategy, which is not what I was addressing today, but I was talking about bringing those products to market.
John Stauch: Deane, if I could just add that I mentioned 75,000 pools, new pools being built. If you put that in context, I think, we estimated at the beginning of the year be close to 80, which is generally what last year was. So, clearly we're seeing in your point the 80,000 going to 75,000 being the labor constraint on that pool construction build and that's likely to slide to the right. Now, we're confident based upon the demands in the area that we think we're going to see those pools get built actually next year based on the overall demand. But weather had to have an impact we think on pushing some of those pools outside of this year's building build cycle.
John Stauch: Yes, normalize this business has grown mid-to-high single digits Josh, if you go back. I think fundamentally you know overall demand in the aftermarket on the 5 million pools needs to have more penetration of the new pool pad, which is what I'm really pushing here to say that if you put more content into the new pool. And you expand your average pool content you will build your aftermarket capability to basically replace those with like-for-like product. If that like-for-like doesn't exist then you're looking at a channel that needs to go sell your products or upgrade the consumer for you. So, I think we got to take advantage of a shift in focus here and make sure we're spending as much time building out the new content in those 75,000 pools and then benefit from that aftermarket revenue stream as we go forward. The big shift we're having here and where I think we're going to see a huge penetration is on the connected pool side itself, Josh. But I am challenged the team I said, that's a different sale right. I mean it's a technical sale and it requires a little bit more customer and consumer support. So, we're very bullish about what this business can continue to do because we see substantial opportunity in front of it. I cannot guess what weather is going to do next year if we learn one thing from all of this, it's that we've got to have contingency plans against whether not unfolding the way we wanted to.
John Stauch: We do think the labor constraint that affected us this year will be in catch-up mode and we do think we'd be entering next year with a relatively healthy backlog, correct.
John Stauch: Yes, that's our opportunity, Josh, and I wanted to call it out today, because we are focused on building out the acquisitions around the residential side. But we don't want to forget the fact that we have a really good commercial offering and we're also simultaneously working on that. And what that means is getting back to what we used to be great at and what we are going to be great at, which is selling the spec and working with our global partners to convince them that we have a superior product and that they should be designing and specking that, that product into their expansions. I think a global hotel chains, think of all the hospitality efforts, think of anybody who's moving their stores overseas, those are great opportunities for us to make sure that we're designing in our Everpure product in all of those instances.
John Stauch: No, I mean no, because you get the deflation and also just the timing of price. So net-net, it continues to be kind of a push. I mean, I think Mark you were also -- you're putting labor inflation in there as well.
John Stauch: Sure. Yes, so just thinking about the different businesses, residential and commercial I think of them as sort of flat in the quarter. And then as I mentioned industrial was strong and food and beverage was moderating. We see those trends kind of continuing. We start continue to see residential and commercial improving as we work our way through the year. Within residential is where those two acquisitions exist so those is, as we referenced are performing in-line with expectations, but we're really seeing some exciting opportunities from a growth perspective there and starting to see the rationale for why we did those deals starting to read out and really giving us some confidence that there is some great ideas there, they're going to help us continue to grow those businesses, but then also help us think about the broader residential portfolio. So overall, we're seeing the trends going in the right direction and seeing that continue through Q3 and Q4.
John Stauch: Sure. We haven't talked about it necessarily, but we did announce earlier in the quarter that we were getting out of what we refer to is the aquaculture business. So, that wasn't actually reflected in our original plan or guidance and so that's the slight tweak. So, it's not that the acquisitions aren't performing at a level of expectation, it's that we've included an additional divestiture that, you're right that's pulling down the top-line acquisition number.
John Stauch: Let me hit part of that first. I mean, as you recall, when we talked about putting in the price increases last year in September, relative to the tariff and the inflationary impacts, we did see some inventory pull aheads in the residential and commercial flow & filtration space as well. We felt like we work through all of those in Q1 and work those inventory issues behind us. So, we had already started in a better inventory position in Q2 and that is continuing to read out here as we head into Q3 and Q4, meaning that we don't have those same challenges that we had in Aquatics. Mark, I don't know if you want to add.
John Stauch: On filtration, residential and commercial are improving. We're excited about the awareness of the products and the offerings available in the channel and the migration towards more of those making into the consumers' hands. In irrigation flow, I'd say no. The weather patterns did not read out in Q2 and we think we're going to be relatively experiencing the shipment demand as we head into Q3 and Q4 as well. Those are submersible wells.
John Stauch: Yes. We're hopeful that this goes in the category late '08-'09 financial crisis of the learning that we don't have to ever use again. When you can think about 10% material inflation over the course of a couple of years and then raising prices to mitigate that impact, we did not anticipate that the channel would buy so much ahead of that demand. You know and we realized that and we corrected course as you're -- what did we learn from that, I think we have a lot of sell-through metrics, we have a lot of information available to us that we're now looking at to make our own assumptions of what's in the channel, so that we will rely on partners it's one thing, but we also want to make sure that we're triangulating that information and ensuring that we feel like the sell-through is reflecting what we know it to be. So, there's always a learning and I'd say that's the learning and I think we're more informed now and we have a better idea of what our actual end sales are through the channel versus into the channel.
John Stauch: Well, first of all, thank you for noticing the segmentation comment it is in fact a consumer end user segmentation. And it was pretty exhaustive and a particular piece of marketing that we're using significantly and you can sense by our confidence level that gives us extreme confidence because as we start to target these personas, or we start to understand these personas better and we've used marketing campaigns, we're actually seeing the results from it. And you know these personas and the consumer needs, attributes and behaviors that we're spending time to understand are true and they're ringing out. And now we're building product sets and customer support around those that we can continue to grow faster. So, thanks for noticing. On the R&D, I'm a big advocate that we need to spend more and have the right differentiated and innovative product. I think these marketing insights that we're creating will give us a better connectivity to what's needed. So, I don't know, in the short run if it's spending more, it's spending more wisely and having the right products available to the right customer set.
John Stauch: Think about it as what we had half a month worth of price benefit last year and we're getting a -- that's we're getting the carryover of this year of that price and what we're seeing is the price in inflation headwind year-over-year significantly positive across all three businesses.
John Stauch: Sure, yes. So, overall, we saw Europe kind of get back from some of the negative commentary made in Q1 to growth in Q2. So, Europe it was a positive story and we think that's going to continue through the rest of the year. China continues to grow. I mean, so as we've talked before it's not a huge market for us overall, but we see strong growth in China, that's a continuation from the trend that we saw in Q1, continuing in Q2, and we expect to see that as well continuing through the balance of the year.
John Stauch: Thank you. All right, thank you for joining us today. We continue to believe that we will exit 2019 positioned to deliver more normalized performance in 2020. We are accelerating PIMS and sourcing and strengthening our productivity culture. We are funding the two key strategies discussed earlier in the call, and we hope you share in our excitement for these two key growth strategies. We have a strong capital structure, solid free cash flow generation and we will continue to invest in our strategy to be the leading residential and commercial water treatment company. Thank you for your continued interest. Rob, you can conclude the call.
Mark Borin: Steve, the only issue we had in Q2 outside of Aquatics was weather impacting our irrigation businesses and flow in Q2 and that didn't get better off the Q1, but other than that is we don't think that's a lingering effect because the seasons kind of come and gone.
Mark Borin: Yes, Nathan. It's frankly it's a number of sort of small items that you know that individually don't really amount too much, but overall what drives the $6 million. I think one of the things that we see is, we do see productivity starting to build. As you know productivity, as we start to work through, it takes a little time to work its way through inventory. So, we can see that building up in inventory and that's what gives us confidence that we will start to see that, that productivity number churn as we work our way into Q3 and Q4, and we see our operational and supply productivity actions starting to read out.
Mark Borin: Yes, really, Joe, the underlying fundamentals continue to be similar to what we commented on at the end of the first quarter, it's really the impact of continued wet cold weather in April and May that significantly impacted sort of our ability to bring down those inventory levels, and so the inventory reduction is led to the right and now that's what's effect in Q3 and Q4. That's really the story for a products, both on the top-line and then when you think about the drop-through on to the bottom line as well.
Mark Borin: Yes, sure. As I mentioned, when we look at Q2, we had assumed some level of inventory reduction and because of the weather impact continuing from Q1 into Q2, we didn't see that. So, the overall level of inventory did not go up. It's not that we built inventory in Q2. It's just that the planned reduction did not happen at the rate we had anticipated. And so now that, that inventory level that existed is got to be worked down further in Q3 and Q4. So, think of that, if you think about the level in which we adjusted the guidance for Aquatic Systems revenue that's reflective of the further need to reduce inventories, driven primarily by weather.
Mark Borin: So, you kind of hit it on price cost, so we do expect, as we sort of thought throughout the year that the price that we referenced about three points of rice should offset inflation. So, that continues to be the point of view. And then just on productivity, as we talked about, there is some negatives that affected us in this quarter. John referenced the fact that last year was a pretty solid quarter for us so the comp is there and that kind of read its way through year-over-year productivity. And then we've got all the actions in place that have been worked and we are starting to see read out through inventory that will then find their way into the P&L starting in Q3 and Q4. So, we've got good visibility to the actions and the things that are going to take place in the Flow and Filtration businesses that should drive that incrementally improving productivity.
Mark Borin: Yes, our plan and what our updated guidance is reflective of is inventory levels being brought to a more normalized level. So, -- and when we do that, we look at sort of days on hand on a forward basis and think of it that way. So, we're looking at it, what it was historically and then bring in the inventory levels down to sort of that more normalized historical level on a day's basis.
Mark Borin: No, I think that, I mean, I think you picked up on that correctly. So, it's not -- it's underlying fundamentals rather than reversal of anything specifically one-time other than the things, John, that you mentioned.
Mark Borin: Yes, that -- maybe slightly, but that -- but not the margin decline that we've seen in the first -- in the first quarter and the second quarter.
