John Stauch: Thanks, Randy. Please turn to Slide 10, labeled Operating Margin Expectations. We’re starting off 2012 nicely. With 20 basis points of overall expansion, despite roughly 70 basis points of headwind from our soon-to-be anniversary CPT acquisition.  For the year, we expect overall margins to expand 50 to 80 basis points inclusive of CPT. Lean discipline and productivity enhancements, along with some repositioning savings lead margins higher in Q1, all while continuing to invest more in R&D, technology and selling and marketing growth initiatives.  Roughly 3 million of repositioning savings was delivered in the quarter, in line with our expectations and keeping us on track for over $20 million of full-year savings. As a reminder, this equates to approximately 1/3 of the top end of the net productivity range we are assuming for the year, which gives us a higher level of confidence in our operating targets while helping us fuel future growth.  Our price cost dynamic improved in the quarter with broad-based pricing of 1.3% offsetting material inflation. For the full year, we continue to expect pricing from approximately 150 to 200 basis points as we fully realize the benefit of Q1 and early Q2 pricing actions. We continue to expect material inflation in 2012, but much more moderate than the plus-4.8% last year.  Another key enabler of our margin expansion will be improving CPT margins as we anniversary the CPT acquisition mid-Q2, along with volume leverage, we are driving material sourcing savings, lean transformation and a tighter profit focus to increase profitability.  As demonstrated in Q1, we’ll continue to prioritize and pace our investments with productivity funding, R&D and sales and marketing investments critical to driving share gains and delivering long-term sustainable growth.  On margins, we’re off to a great start in Q1 with ramping productivity, repositioning savings and pricing benefit expected to drive further margin expansion as the year progresses.  Please turn to Slide 11, labeled Q2 Outlook. For Q2, we expect Water and Fluid revenue to be up approximately 10% compared to the prior year quarter with Technical Products flat to down 2%, reflecting lower Western Europe sales and the remaining end-of-life Telecom project. This puts total Pentair revenue up 6 to 8%, including the contribution from CPT of approximately four points, or roughly $40 million in sales.  We expect operating income to grow 7 to 12%, which equates to operating margins of between 13.5 to 14%, above the Q2 2011 margin of 13.3%.  We expect water and fluid margins to be modestly better than prior year’s adjusted 14.2% at roughly 14.5%.  We expect Technical Products margins to expand another 100 basis points at roughly 18.5%.  Below the line, we expect interest expense to be about $3 million higher in Q2 of this year versus Q2, 2011 as we anniversary the CPT acquisition mid-quarter and a tax rate between 28 and 29%.  Overall, we expect earnings per share in the quarter to be between $0.79 and $0.82, which equals growth of 5 to 9% over last year.  We are expecting cash flow of $180 million as we move towards free cash flow conversion of greater than 100% of net income for the year.  Please note that if you turn to my last slides, slide number 12, labeled Full Year 2012 Pentair Outlook, that both the second quarter and full-year outlook do not include any future impact from the pending merger with Tyco International’s Flow Control business, including the acquisition and acquisition-related costs as discussed earlier in the call.  For the full-year 2012, we are updating our previous revenue guidance to reflect the Q1 performance but importantly, maintaining our full-year operating profit targets and raising our full-year earnings outlook. We now expect revenues to be up 6 to 8% to about $3.7 billion, reflecting a weaker Western Europe and the first quarter weather related sales shortfall.  Our operating income guidance range of $445 million to $470 million remains unchanged with the strong start in Q1 lead by increased productivity, better price cost performance and prioritization of key global investments. This operating performance should yield 50 to 80 basis points of margin expansion in 2012.  We continue to expect another solid year of EPS growth with earnings per share at 2.65 to 2.80, up 10 to 16%, which reflects the first quarter results and a modestly higher diluted share count.  We expect free cash flow in 2012 to be at least 100% of that income. Furthermore, we are still targeting a greater-than-60 basis point increase in ROIC by the end of 2012 as we drive to improve returns for our shareholders.  Now, let me turn it back over to Randy for the summary on Slide 13. 
John Stauch: Let me start with the flood-related piece. As Randy mentioned in his comments, it was about $15 million. If we go back six, seven years, we average anywhere in the flood SKUs in Q1 between 45 and $50 million. We were close to the $30 million level and obviously that’s related to the lack of snow and the lack of melt.  I just remind you that that’s retail related, primarily, and it doesn’t come with huge margins. So even though it’s a headline as far as the sales, you know, it was something we were able to handle within the operating income performance.  As Randy mentioned, we were able five points lighter in Europe. You know, for us that was 15 million-ish and most of that was in Technical Products versus forecast. Again, not one of our higher-margin product lines, but those two things, as we move throughout the year, the flood is unique to Q1. I mean, there is a mild flood season that occurs in Q3 from hurricanes, but that’s not of the magnitude that we see in Q1. And Europe gets easier on a year-over-year comparison basis, you know, as Q1, to Q2, 3 and 4 last year was on a downward slide. So these year-over-year headwinds get a little easier for us to handle.  And finally, we were a little bit off in fast growth, but a little bit of that was strategic in the sense that we were identifying that some of our sales and products into those products were finding them way back into Europe and North America, as normal, in distribution businesses. So we adjusted our SKUs and our product lines reflect that. And we, once again, know that that corrects itself at Q2. So, you know, as you kind of look at the Q1 headline growth and we look at those trends in Q2 to Q4 we see the flood turning around completely and the Europe piece easing and the fast growth accelerating.
John Stauch: And Jim, I’m just going to add to that. I mean, clearly understanding, and we knew it going in, but we learned that as you see a business that’s for sale like that, you might have projects in the backlog that don’t have the margins that you would historically like and you know we’ve burned those off now and as we mentioned we’re positioning more towards industrial, a little left to municipal, which for them we’re easier to win. So I mean, those are things that are worked through as a year anniversary and we’re ready to go now.
John Stauch: But Jim, India was up north of 25% percent worth in the quarter overall. Brazil and Latin America still strong, Middle East very robust, Southeast Asia would be more in the mid-single digit level at the moment. And China, absent of that particular SKU changer back channel I mentioned, would’ve been up nearly double digits. So not quite 20 but, you know, still doing pretty well as far as north of DGP. So I still think these are huge fast growth regions for us. I think we’re well positioned with localized manufacturing, localized design, localized marketing now, and I think we’re positioned to see these in the 10 to 15% range for the year.
John Stauch: Yes I think as we mentioned the margins in CPT are improving, that’s indicative of what we’re seeing as far as anniversering and seeing the expansion. And it has a lot to do with the types of products we’re winning and the type of project we’re delivering on. Also we are seeing a mixed benefit on these flood sales that aren’t going to be there. I mean they are lower margins so we are getting a little kicker on that.
John Stauch: Yes, and I know, Q2 seasonally is our quarter and it’s primarily from what we do in the early buy in pool and then we collect that cash in Q2, that’s why we see that seasonality and the all-near term applications will be to continue to pay down the debt.
John Stauch: Yes, there was a little bit, call it roughly about a half a million related to the tax benefits, you know, the accured interest you have on those particular accruals. And the rest is just a little bit lower debt assumptions, being debt and interest.
John Stauch: I would think no, I think the tax is not a run rate but if you just add that half a million back to where we’re at that’s about the run rate.
John Stauch: You know, first of all, we locked in a third of the productivity as both Randy and I mentioned on the repositioning, actions we took last year. So I’d say that’s reading out. Okay. Second, we’re prioritizing our strategic growth investments to reflect those businesses in those programs that are working.  As Randy and mentioned, both on the CPT side, we feel better about the projects that we’re winning and how we’re delivering them. And so I think the mix had a small impact on Q1, but you know, I want to remind everybody, I mean, we’ve always said that we’ve got excess capacity in residential today in North America and when any form of recovery or growth comes on that side, we’re going to see higher productivity and higher margins on what was historically a very profitable side of our business.  So when we see pool shipments and we see any form of uptick on where we are in residential filtration, that’s going to have nice healthy margins to it. Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. 
John Stauch: Yes. I think I’ll answer with two quick things. One is some of the project backlog that Randy mentioned, as you know, as the backlogs grow, our inventory level is going to grow, as we need that demand.  Second of all, there’s probably a little bit of pro-channel and retail-related sump pumps in the channel. 
John Stauch: No, it’s primarily more the liquidation of the pool, as I mentioned earlier, which will be reflected in the pool sales.
John Stauch: And Rob, a couple of things, it’s John. First of all we look at single family housing starts, so I’d look at those numbers, and even though they’re bouncing around, it’s nothing to get excited about what those growth rates are. Second of all, we thought for sure you’d love that Shingo prize, so.
John Stauch: No. What we usually do is we take wherever the ending rate is, and that’s kind of how we look at the currency, assuming we’re not any better at predicting it then the market. So, it’s right around that 130,131 rate, and that doesn’t create a significant delta to the prior forecast.
John Stauch: You’re rate for water, yes on the organic that’s about right. If you break that it will be about 2 point to price, and about 4 to a little north of in value.
John Stauch: Yes, I think flow is clearly going to be, you know, the lower single digits. Call it 4 to 5. You know, driven by obviously agriculture being substantially in the double digits, and as Randy mentioned we’re not expecting to recover this retail portion in flood pumps. If you think of the organic of our treatment business, clearly we’re expecting double digit organic with obviously CPT and the old filtration solutions leading the way there, and water purification in low single digits. Still seeing nice fast growth penetration, and not seeing anything substantial in North America residential side. And then aquatic probably just south of double digits or right around double digit growth organically.
John Stauch: (inaudible) look out the window and you can see the flood impacts no happening, and as we mentioned earlier, that’s not our highest margin item, so there wasn’t a huge panic related to that level of fail ship. 
Randy Hogan: We think, basically, it’s over 80%, it’s all replacement now. You know, and we characterize it as [inaudible] on the bottom. As we think about U.S. residential from our perspective there’s three different market drivers. If you take a look at what’s driving pool, it’s the fact that people that have homes or in homes or even if they’re buying homes and they maintain their pool and because of the innovated products we have to save energy, to save chemicals, it’s a really compelling economic justification and there’s over 30 utilities now that are rebating upgrades of those products.  So it’s really innovations in a market that has money. That’s what’s driving pool and so, you know, there is an increase we’ve seen at the markets of some pools builts, which is nice. But I think it’s really the innovation and the demographics of continued growth in the south where people have pools is – we’re back to that.  Then there’s the, what I would call the, flow business, it really is more related to replacement, it’s probably closer to 90% replacement right now. We’ve, for us – for ourselves, you know, we had a few years of lost market share and that was corrected in 2011 and we had slight uptick and I think we’re in a very good position now in residential flow.  Admittedly we do have a weather affect that we just talked about. And then finally there on the filtration side, that really does tie – the water softener business and the filtration ties closer to what I would call a discretionary spend in a house or a housing start related, which is why we see that softener affect right now. And we weren’t counting on a turnaround right there, that’s why that business actually performed well versus expectations in the first quarter despite the fact that sales were down. And we’re introducing innovations there that could really change the game with Hybrid DI.  So we weren’t counting on a residential recovery in 2012, and I would say we were right about that, even though housing prices look like they at least, the last report they were stabilizing. You know, it is the more stable market today, but we’re, again, not counting on a big step up from housing starts this year. Nevertheless, we think all three of the businesses we have in residential are going to perform well this year.
Randy Hogan: It’s mostly project business. So let me just back up, Deane. CPT had lost earlier basically their market partner in Ionics when GE bought them, which really took them out of the water space. We’ve had some modest success in the U.S. in the water space, but right now the water spending is still pretty low. The real driver that we’ve picked up is in dairy and beverage. And what we did is we took the sales force and we really focused it and said, it’s a direct sale, it’s a project sales business, it’s selling, you know, a whole array of products that we have from the valves to MBR’s to CO2 recovery to diagnostic equipment. And by focusing the team there and then beefing up that team and really building better strategic relationships, our hit rate is going up and it’s exciting. You know we’ve talked about the Anaerobic MBR plant, we’ve got to go down there and take some folks down there, which we’re really excited about. But we’ve had some great wins in the brewing industry and we have more than we expect. So it’s really – what I would call it, it’s really more technical selling and investing and focusing on the food and beverage side. And we’re improving the relationships on the water side. We’ve had a couple nice winds, but again the market rate there is not really recovered and it will be tough until municipalities have built a little bit better cash flow.
Randy Hogan: Well, we think, and you know certainly going forward we’re going to talk more about backlog and more about origin sales. They are more of a – they do sell cartridges, you know, they sell membranes but a lot of them get sold in projects. And so I would say over half of their business is longer cycle.  They were a little disappointing in sales in the quarter but on orders they blew it out. So we’re talking about right now just on the filtration side, them going from 100 to $150 million in backlog, which is a meaningful level of backlog improvement. And then we took the smaller pump piece and put it with flow technology and that’s up, as I said earlier; those are up 12% in orders even though the sales are flat. We’re going to talk more about that.
Randy Hogan: Yes, you know, we talked earlier about the Phase I of the nanofilters, which is focused on Silica and, you know, we caught Alpha. So we’ve got an Alpha launch on that and that’s where we’re, you know, we’ve sold these products in India and we’ll have a Beta launch which is the next step before the full commercial launch because it is a technical sale in the third quarter.  We’ll also have – the next phase is focused on color and clarity, and that product will launch by the first quarter of next year. And then the endocrine, which is the most technically advance, we’ll have that in what we would call Alpha test in the first quarter of 2013. So we’re going in that sequence as we have talked about before. And we like the Silica application but the commercial opportunities in color and clarity and endocrine disruptors are much bigger. So we’re keenly focused on getting there.
Randy Hogan: Right, as you know we were in that business before we bought CPT. And one of the things we wanted to do – let me answer your question. It’s largely on the water side. So it’s water treatment and it could be both for drinking water and for wastewater. So largely, those are the skid systems. We do some systems work as well in food and beverage and some of those are skidded, but the ones we’ve talked about and showed were largely on the water and wastewater side.  So what we’ve done is we’re focused on trying to drive to more of a manufacturing standard on these skidded systems so that we have standard products and we’ve raised the content of the product.  As I said, the water business has been slower than the food and beverage business but we’re making progress in terms of improving the margins in that business and importantly, skids aside, we’re also focused on building straight X-Flow membrane sales to other people that play in that space, which I’m very encouraged in, which while they’re still brand at X-Flow, is along the lines of the strategy to try and improve our private label branding, if you will. 
Randy Hogan: Good morning, Jim. Bigger picture question, you know, if you look at the first year of owning CPT as the integration has gone along can you talk about lessons learned, both the pros and the cons in terms of Pentair having this long history of being an inquisitive company, just what you taken away from CPT integration process.
Randy Hogan: My first – the first thing I’d say is, I really do believe we’re getting to the point where applying Pens to business as standard work. I’m really – we’ve raised – I toured two factories and they both gave me capital plans when I first toured them because they were out of capacity. Neither of those plants – we didn’t have to spend any capital and we’ve increased the capacity in those two plants by 20%.  So we really are getting good at applying the inside the four walls lean enterprise. So that’s the first item I’d say, the second learning is that we’re getting better at combining in the marketplace, in the sales. Just in this quarter we had $2 million of sales that I can identify in just on the Flow side, the Pump side. $2 million of business from the combined efforts of CPT and our Flow business and our legacy Pentair flow business and that’s, you know, if you will, the legacy Pentair folks are selling an [inaudible] product or vice versa. So you know, those examples I talked about, [inaudible] and Romania and Kuwait, those are examples of both of those and Nihouse and Fairbanks Morris product being sold by the alternate sales force.  So those are positive. I think the other learning is technology is very, very exciting and the food and beverage business is very, very exciting. As we get deeper into that we see more and more opportunities to apply it.  And the – I guess the last thing is, you know, as we’ve talked about before, their margins at the start were a little weaker than what we would’ve liked but we’re still committed to get them to the double-digit level as soon as we can.Jim Lucas – Janney Capital Markets:  Okay that’s very helpful.
Randy Hogan: It’s a good point and actually if I could weave that – your answer back to Deane’s question as well in terms of that systems business – standard systems business. You got to make money in systems and so what John was saying was there was a lot of systems in the backlog without much margin in them and we’ve corrected both the pricing and the costing on that and getting in place disciplines to basically check the as-built versus as-bid profitability to ensure execution.
Randy Hogan: Well, China was lower in the quarter than it has been. But we still expect it – that was one of the places – that was the place that John was referring to when he talked about getting better channel discipline in place so that we don’t get any back channel cross zone.
Randy Hogan: And price realization was good, and I think our supply team is doing a better job of managing inflation.
Randy Hogan: Yes, I mean, clearly, the pool year started earlier. When you open a pool, you – it really drives chemicals and it drives, you know, the startup, you’re putting your shock in the pool, a lot of chlorine, ozone in. You’re not changing out equipment unless it broke. So our distributors sell a lot of chemicals, so that’s one difference between what they say and what we say.  The second point is these upgrades, which they benefit from too, are ones that can sustain. And when a pool – when the pool season starts early, it usually means it’s going to be a good one. You know, for instance, in the Northeast, the old rule is, if someone’s thinking about putting a pool in, if you don’t have one hot sweltering weekend before Fourth of July, it’s lousy for the pool business. We’re expecting – we’re seeing a return to sort of those kinds of dynamics. I think clearly, you know, when we get an 18% growth in the pool business in the first quarter, and we don’t think we’ll sustain at that level, we think we’ll sustain at a pretty high level. We expect it to be good.  And you know, when we add 145 dealers, the reason we’re getting those dealers is we have the most compelling suite of products. We’ve got 35 – we personally don’t, but there are 35 utilities around the country that are meaningfully rebidding the products that we have the best products.  So those dealers are coming to us because of the solutions we have. Once we get them, we get all of that they sell usually. So that’s why I call it a beautiful thing, momentum is really something.  As we look out in the channels right now, we believe inventory is pretty low. So we don’t believe that they’re over inventories. We think there will be good sell through. 
Randy Hogan: We were ready for that extra $15 million. Our service levels are superior to everybody else when it comes to flood, and we maintain inventory, and what doesn’t see through, it stays on our books. So it’s way off next couple quarters.
Randy Hogan: There up, but when replacement is 80 to 90% where it used to be 50, you know until you get to a million housing starts a year, you know, you’re not really at a normal level. What’s nice is our distributors are actually back to a more normal stocking levels, and so that’s good.  On the water softener side, people don’t have to put them in. You only need water softener in certain areas of the country, and it’s something that you can put off if you need to.
Randy Hogan: Technical products is largely direct to customer, as opposed through distribution. So it was really the reduction and market demand. You know, these are going to control builders or equipment builders largely in Germany and Poland, and France. So their business was down, and generally they don’t stock a lot. So I think its direct demand in that department.
Randy Hogan: First of all, you know, to your point, we got a couple of points headwind from Western Europe. Okay, so we’ll just say that’s a big market, that’s down mid-teens or double digit, it’s hard to overcome that completely. The second one is right now CPT is still going through acquisitions, and as soon as CPT comes back into the core, you know, that’s a business that we expect to grow 15 to 20% on an annual basis, and their growth is being reflected in the acquisition line right now. So, clearly I agree with you. I mean we still feel water is, you know, high single digits on an annual growth basis aided by fast growth and it being better position to serve the new new world as Randy mentioned.Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co. :  My question was, what’s missing within all that? Why isn’t it a little faster. I mean, I understand CPT is going to…
Randy Hogan: I mean first of all we think our effective rate could be the rest of the year estimates will be closer to 28 to 29% reflecting incremental tax planning, which are those permit things that you can do to help your tax rate. An unprecedented amount of settlements in the quarter, you know, these are accrual. None of them, you know, more than a half a million and we settled the 2005 to 2009 audits, and went through the appeals process. As Randy mentioned, this certainly wasn’t forecasted. It all came to use in Q1. And then the only difference between what we put in adjust and reported is we take a look back at where we took the accrual, and if we didn’t take the accrual in the adjusted earnings category we released the accrual down and reported, so it doesn’t impact where we took it and where we released it. So, if I bridge that for you it’s about 4 ½ in the difference between reported/adjusted, and then you can take the difference between the tax rate and it’s roughly just south of 7 million of favorable tax items in Q1.
Randy Hogan: No. It was that we, you know, we were targeting to get to get the price realization. We were targeting productivity. We had good readout, it was just basically good execution. So, I would say that, you know, if in fact growth had come through, we would have beaten it by more than a penny, it would have been by a lot.
Randy Hogan: We do see that, you know, we now have a special line of housing that have been built for  X-Flow so it’s pulling through that directly. There’s other filters that can get sold in or around them helping us get better at that on the pumps around the larger projects. And, you know, on the smaller standard systems side, you know, we’ve gone internally to X-Flow where we obviously we’d buy them from other people before.
Randy Hogan: Yes. Even, as I mentioned, we have housing for the X-Flow but, you know, we’ve gotten housings for the RO membranes, we don’t make RO membranes. We’re the leader in them now, and our hit rate in that has improved. As I mentioned our (inaudible) performance wasn’t just CPT related, it was our core of total line business. So we definitely, I believe it’s helped us with (inaudible).
Deane Dray – Citigroup: That’s great to hear. And just last question for me if I could. One of the things we learned in our visit to Aquatech last fall is your focus on building skidded systems as opposed to selling individual pumps is, just refresh us, where is that – is that business in the treatment process side of water, how big are the skidded systems today, and a little bit about the engineering know how in putting those together.
Deane Dray – Citigroup: Okay. And then a two-part questions, just a more of a housekeeping related. One, in tech products, the end of last contracts, how many more quarters does that run.
Deane Dray – Citigroup: One more, okay. And then secondly, you know, you talked a lot about India, Southeast Asia, could you give us an update on what you’re seeing in China specifically right now.
