Randall J. Hogan: Thanks, John. And if could turn to Page 15. We'll go through a few of the things John just covered, just to wrap it up before questions. What I thought I'd say in closing is that the first quarter really does position us well to deliver on our 2013 commitments. The top line remains mixed. We have strong backlogs in energy and food and beverage, and we continue to see strengthening in the North American residential market. As we stated earlier, the residential recovery brings with it strong drop through to the bottom line given the prolonged downturn we experienced, the process improvements we've made, and the amount of cost we've taken out of the business over the last 6 years. Our integration and standardization efforts continue to build momentum. And we now expect $100 million in synergies versus our prior target of $90 million. We're pleased that the adoption PIMS throughout the Flow Control businesses, has exceeded our initial expectations and we're happy with the creation of the new Pentair. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Randall J. Hogan: And I'd say it is skewed to a little more softness here. The Middle East, Southeast Asia, that remains strong. But again, we skew because of the legacy Pentair. We skew to more in the North America.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, on that subject, one of the things that we've done and I'm really impressed with the Valve leadership team that's come aboard, I mean, the legacy Valve leadership team. As we've focused on the strategy and simplified the organization, one of the things that, that team identified and we certainly supported, was more discipline around bidding projects with good margin. They had -- there was probably $25 million worth of sales we could have had in the quarter, but we didn't bid it because the margins weren't very good. So we think that over time that discipline is going to lead to a better margin in the backlog. There's a few projects in the backlog which have low margins that we know will read out. Some of them read out in the first quarter, maybe a couple read out in the second quarter. But we think that the team has really got their arms around it well and the disciplines are already improved.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, it's not just about shares. It's about profitable growth, so that's the discipline that they have in place there.
Randall J. Hogan: The actions are fairly visible. And the way those work is, as you get productivity in sourcing, it has to go through the balance sheet. So you don't get it right away. So against that $20 million of, I think it was sourcing, you could imagine that at a run rate basis. An annualized run rate basis is or going to be twice that.
Randall J. Hogan: So think the 17% in the dialogue we're having with the team is very helpful. It's 17% -- going into the second quarter that number was 17% higher than it was going in the first quarter. And we missed shipping a little bit from where we thought we'd be in the first quarter. So it gives us more confidence that we'll hit the number we expect in the second quarter. That's how we use it.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I think we might have mentioned this in the last phone -- on the fourth quarter call, that early buy was as strong as we ever saw it. Some of that certainly shipped in the first quarter. But frankly, the regular buy was strong, given how bad the weather has been. It's not just been bad here. It's been bad in a lot of the areas, cooler spring, later start to the season. So the strength we're seeing in that aquatics business is really quite encouraging, and the industry is quite buoyant, pun intended. Then the pool builds are up.
Randall J. Hogan: No, those I think were specific delays as some of the companies got concerned about -- I wouldn't want to blame it on the uncertainty or on the election, but there seemed to be a lot of clogged capital at the end of the year last year and some of that broke loose. But the bidding activity has remained strong, and the food and beverage business is a growth business globally. And we have some -- we have a really good position and some unique technologies, not just in beer but in soft drinks and CO2 recovery. And we've picked up a couple, as we mentioned, last time, we picked up another big, multimillion-dollar project because we have the broader scope now for the industrial valves with the hygienic valves and the filtration system. So we did get that benefit in the first quarter of the delayed projects, but the backlog is actually up.
Randall J. Hogan: When we look at the activity in the mining segment, we think that that's a good indicator that there's not going to be a lot of commodity pressure, not a lot of commodity pricing pressure. So we don't think inflation goes higher from here. Employee raises are higher than they were, but we think we have that well managed. But John, I don't know if you'd add.
Randall J. Hogan: And if I could add. John mentioned earlier that we want to make sure we don't double comp between base productivity plus the synergistic activities. And in one way we've done -- that one reason we're able to raise that is that those 2 buckets perform well. And when they perform well in the first quarter, it's usually -- it's a good sign for the year.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, as you know because you've been in the plants, Valves & Control is a great product, great quality, like the people a lot, too much complexity and too much differences between plants. So as I mentioned, we've put into 8 full-time operating leaders, basically, if you will, Lean aficionados from legacy Pentair over into the business. They've been very well accepted into the team, and if anything, they're being drawn on even more than I would have hoped. We identified the 3 most underperforming factories, and we've replaced the plant managers in all 3. And we have Lean rangers that we flowed locally from -- in other words, European -- from European Lean rangers from legacy Pentair to the European plants, same in the U.S., same in Latin America, in order to drive the basics of Lean and start driving that common language that we know is going to help simplify. The opportunity in delivery is enormous. It's not in this industry. Valves & Controls is not an industry that is known for their on-time delivery. We have very ambitious targets. If you recall or followed us long enough to know that in our aquatics business, we used to have deliveries that -- I hate to say it, but we're frequently below 60% on time. And now, they're over 95% on time. It's one of the reasons that we keep gaining market share there. Valves & Controls isn't that bad. It's not below 60%. But it's -- as an industry, it's not great. That drives a lot of waste in terms of inventory. That drives a lot of waste in terms of customer planning. It drives a lot of waste in terms of plant planning. And so, we know it works. We know Lean works, and Lean is the way we're going to simplify the business, and so that's our approach to it. And our goal, it took us 10 years to get Pentair where it is, and I want to be able to get Valves & Controls there in 3. But 10 years was hunt and peck. We have a plan now. So it's ambitious, but I think the team is up to it. I'm very impressed with the Valves & Controls team.
Randall J. Hogan: But where we are is where we planned to be at this point. We accelerated before, as John just said, and we announced that last quarter. And we did the $140 million in this quarter, which is about what we thought we would do. And we thought we'd do more in the middle of the year, in the second half. One reason is, we're disciplined about cash flow, and we didn't know what our first quarter cash flow was going to look like because the Pentair legacy typically was a big sucking sound on cash in the first quarter, and it the minus $80 million or so last year. So we wanted to see what the new -- so we did what we planned to do.
Randall J. Hogan: They're slow off what I would call our high expectations, but I think the business will still do well. One area that slowed in the first quarter, and for the Thermal business, is that they're fairly large in Scandinavian countries for snowmelt and in commercial and residential. And Scandinavia had been a bright spot in Europe, in Western Europe in terms of growth, and we've actually seen even Scandinavia slow down now, which is more of a -- that's a comment that I would draw across all of Europe, not just what we saw on Thermal, but it's a good measure for it.
Randall J. Hogan: I would love it to be linear and flat. I would not really lie. It's really a mixed bag. We've seen our equipment protection business, things they bottomed out. Residential seems to be finding new plateaus on our further downward slide. And so I don't really have a lot of faith that we've seen the bottom yet in the U.S. And even in Eastern Europe, which had been pretty robust, even that is feeling a little softer than it did, at least, when I look at orders. So, we factored all that into our outlook and that is piece -- a piece of the mix look. Middle East remains strong. Latin America is not bad. So it's really interesting. And I saw and read in an article over the weekend that the U.S. is the new fast-growth market. From those words to God's ears, I hope that's true. But certainly, the place we're seeing the best growth is U.S. residential right now
Randall J. Hogan: Oh, yes. Infrastructure, in general -- in infrastructure, we obviously put water projects but we also put the telecom projects and rail projects and the like. And they just -- it seems to be challenged everywhere. We mentioned that our backlog has been staying at a fairly high level for us in the U.S. in water. But I wouldn't read that broadly because we're a niche player in that. We play, we work strong and we seem to be doing okay in it, but it's not real huge growth for us. It's just a bright spot in what I would call generally a global infrastructure slowdown. The RO projects and the large water products in the rest of the world are just not breaking free.
John L. Stauch: No, Scott, I don't know if I have that on top of my fingertips. Because I think there's a breakdown in 2 categories. And our Thermal business deal with a lot of what's going on in the oil sands, which would be up in Canada. And then our global Valves & Controls business is pretty spread across the entire globe, as far as oil and gas. I can certainly...
John L. Stauch: I mean, I think what we're seeing is, and it's probably the spread and certainly what's going on within the relative oil and gas, either Brent or West Texas, and then how that compares with what's going on in the oil sands. We're seeing a pause, if you will, in some of those large projects as that all plays out. But we still are seeing a healthy capacity expansion with oil and gas.
John L. Stauch: I think we're very confident in what we can see through 2013. And obviously, the businesses probably have a number greater than what I shared with you. We believe and have always believed that there's opportunities to increase the $230 million. And right now, we're trying to close the gap on what we need for 2014 and ensure that we've got the $230 million and then we'd drive for upsides beyond the $230 million.
John L. Stauch: So it's a metric -- just to follow up on what Randy said, it's a metric that we've scrubbed, we can basically measure. And it's one that we've actually asked the business to expect a lower outcome, as Randy mentioned, as we work through making sure we've got all the right cost initiatives in place.
John L. Stauch: Yes, I mean, overall orders in Valves & Controls, were up about 3% sequentially versus Q4, so that's a metric that we're keeping our eyes on how we're doing as we kind of look through the quarters there.
John L. Stauch: I think you've to go by segment. And as Randy mentioned, I mean, I think oil and gas is in the -- what we would -- I don't know if we call it a pause, but there's a lot of projects that are out there. And the timing of those projects feel like they're a little bit slipping. But the projects...
John L. Stauch: What we're guarding against, Mike -- I mean, if I gave you the raw number, it would be substantially higher. But what Randy and I want to make sure that we have is that you don't want -- there's a productivity column and then what we synergy and standardization column. And we've got to make sure the productivity column stays positive as well.
John L. Stauch: And we're not putting everything into the synergy or standardization efforts because we needed the holistic number to read out.
John L. Stauch: Yes, Deane. As we got through Q1, the business started to share with us kind of the way we need to think about shippable backlog, especially as you take a look at how they performed last Q1, and then if you look at their last Q2, there was a different Valves & Controls. So the shippable backlog is a number that we feel is meaningful, which means, if you could ship everything to the dates that are in the system, that's what you'd ship to. Now obviously, projects move back and forth. It is a number that we think is meaningful, and therefore, probably a number we will share with you on a regular basis. Within there, Randy highlighted there are a couple of projects in the oil and gas area that will ship at lower margins, which I've called out in that seasonality bridge that we did in one of the slides. But overall, I mean, we're starting to build a pretty healthy backlog because as we get power and process into the backlog, those traditionally have higher margins than what we've experienced in oil and gas and mining.
John L. Stauch: Pool builds are up. We saw our first quarter of positive revenue growth in our valves and tanks in the water softener market. And we're continuing to see pretty nice sales now in the residential components of Flow. And we have a little bit of flooding, which is happening right now, which is always also usually a pretty good indication for that business.
John L. Stauch: And just to add on to what Randy said, I mean, we've always been strong in beer and certainly, our Beer Membrane is a product that's specced into a lot of global breweries, and those breweries are in places like Africa and Vietnam and Malaysia, and there's a huge growth regarding that. But the product that was in alpha and beta state test in 2011 and '12 was our CO2 recovery system. And for 2013, we'll have shipments in excess of $25 million on that product, and that product is becoming a standard product.
John L. Stauch: Which is up 10x. And we're seeing some substantial revenue and income coming through on those particular projects.
John L. Stauch: No, I'd agree with that. The pricing is somewhere, going to be greater than 100 basis points, and we think we can do better there. I think our new businesses from Flow Control are starting to put in some of the same price disciplines that we've had in legacy Pentair. And we continue to think we'll make progress throughout this year and into next year.
John L. Stauch: Sure. I mean, I think, first of all, if you take a look at where we were with price in the quarter, total Pentair, we got about a point price. One of the things that's netted in productivity is mix. Mix was about a negative 30 to 40 basis points. Inflation was about a negative 1.5-ish percent, Steve. And then on the productivity side, we were net $3 million to $4 million beyond what we said we got in the IST component, or the synergies. And that was inclusive of, if you noticed, a higher corporate spend, which is partially a quarterly timing. We always spend a little bit more in Q1 because of just certain fees that come in, in Q1 versus the rest of the year. But we also we're continuing to invest in what we're doing on the tax rate, what we needed to do around the suite [ph] structure and what we need to do to ensure that we're spending and investing in what the businesses are driving, to drive the standardization activity. So when Randy mentioned that we feel good about where we are in Q1, that's in light of incremental investment as well to drive the back half synergies.
John L. Stauch: Yes, so, Josh, the number I feel obviously best about, from a number perspective, is obviously the repositioning and the restructuring numbers because they're -- when people leave, those costs permanently leave the organization, and that was incremental to anything we were doing at Pentair. So that's an $80 million benefit this year, and that's well over $100 million next year, given the timing when those people are leaving. So 100% confidence on that number, and it's a known trackable number that doesn't get tied up between this productivity expectation and the synergy. To give you a number, the synergy targets for 2013 around the sourcing and Lean exceed $40 million versus what we're saying is $20 million. And they have to work their way through inventory and they have to work their way through the P&L. And we've got to make sure that they're incremental to what would have been in the base plans anyway. When you take a look at that number from '14, and it probably shouldn't be a surprise, lean builds momentum. And as Randy was talking about when we did this deal, having 100 factories all signed up to $1 million of Lean benefit or $100 million, is not a number that would be insurmountable. So everybody has internal stretch targets that they're driving to around those ranges, and so when you look at the productivity decks and the synergy decks, it's very encouraging. That being said, those same people would've been working on base productivity. So we want to make sure that we're not double counting the synergies in lieu of what we would've got in base productivity anyway. And that's why we're a little bit more conservative and cautious on our outlook. And as I think we get through these and we look at the examples I gave you, bar stock, and negotiations that are in the rack, [ph] those are all real. And as we get more and more confident on what's actually a permanent cost out, we'll certainly share that, and then we can have more confidence on what the '14 and '15 numbers will be.
John L. Stauch: It's actually accelerated from our original views, and we're definitely planning now to have everything complete by the end of '14 and we'd only have $375 million to go next year. As you know, if our debt levels allow, it's in our best interest to do it sooner rather than later. And so we're...
John L. Stauch: I'll take the first half. I think, when you look at technical solutions, I mean you take thermal and you take equipment protection. Thermal had a great quarter. And our technical -- or our equipment protection businesses is struggling through 2 markets, infrastructure and a slower industrial vertical. Our comparisons in equipment protection get easier in the second half of the year, and we're also focused on the food and beverage market, the energy market and an opportunity for our products to be in those spaces. As far as the Thermal into the oil and gas markets, we're really specifically in the cold weather climates or areas where we see a desert-like environment, where heating is necessary in the process. And those projects are enormous, but they're also dependent on certain price points. And that's what we're constantly monitoring in that side of the business.
John L. Stauch: We've seen a lumpiness, meaning, we -- [indiscernible] was a project that was canceled in its entirety.
John L. Stauch: We had worked on that. Now there's another project that's starting to come up in its place, which will be in a different location. And then there's large projects or a series of large projects in Canada that are obviously dependent on where the oil spreads are. So, yes, these are slowed, no doubt about it.
John L. Stauch: So Jeff, just to follow up. I mean, one of the reasons we went back and restated the pro forma as we did without the projects in it, for these solutions, as when those larger projects come, those should be nice incremental upside for Pentair.
John L. Stauch: Yes, I mean, I think it goes down to what businesses are operating in a high level and have great standardization and are prepared for acquisitions and a couple of those that we said are -- certainly, our aquatics systems business, especially around aquaculture and thermal management right now, as areas that we'd like to put more effort behind, and eventually, Valves & Controls. But that being said, right now, we're focused on what we're doing on integration and things that we do, in lieu of what we're doing on the buyback, would have to be incremental to what the buyback would yield. So I don't think we're feeling like we're missing out on anything at the moment at all. We're certainly making sure that our pipelines are robust, that we're prepared, we're ready to answer, but we think our plan right now is the right plan.
John L. Stauch: Yes, the 25% reflects what we think the full year ongoing rate will be, and the difference are those things related to either the asset sales or one-time impacts, the true-ups related to the overall Pentair structure.
John L. Stauch: We had high single digits in residential in our Flow business. And as I mentioned earlier, we're just slightly positive in our filtration -- or our tanks and valves. And then in our filtration platform, we were high single digits.
John L. Stauch: Yes, so where we are right now, the $28 million concludes everything that would get us to the $80 million for '13 and then that slightly higher than the $100 million that I mentioned on an ongoing rate. And we would expect, if we could, to do a little bit more in Q2. And we're looking for everything because the inventory step-up in the backlog and the customer amortization concludes the end of Q2.
John L. Stauch: And as we said, in Q3 and Q4, we'd expect to have a gap reported number, and that be consistent with adjusted. So any incremental restructuring would be assumed to be an incremental benefit to synergies and/or to next year's synergy numbers.
John L. Stauch: It could be the $100 million, or it could be next year's 14 [ph] depending on the timing of the projects.
John L. Stauch: Primarily, G&A structure, severance and tweaking of our structures as it relates to the models that Randy is trying to drive across the globe.
John L. Stauch: Well, that's a big question. I think if we -- let me take the second half of that first, because it's an easier knowable answer. If we take a look at where we are from oil and gas, just north of $800-ish million, $825 million in total for Pentair. Power is roughly just north of $425 million for us. Mining is in the low 200s, and that would be in the Valves & Controls space. And if we looked at the total portfolio, we've always said we're pretty diverse from the Valves & Controls standpoint, so we're about 1/3 upstream, we're about 1/3 mid, and 1/3 downstream, plus or minus a little bit on that equation for 2012, and those are '12 numbers.
