Robert Fishman: Yes, I'll go ahead and start with that one. Andy, thanks for the question. Again, from our perspective, we started the year saying Pool would grow approximately 7% full year. We've now guided that to up mid-single digits. As a reminder, a significant piece of our growth is coming from the fact that last year's inventories correction will not be happening this year. Plus a couple of points of price and then an assumption that says the overall market's down roughly mid-single digits. And so that's how we get to our mid-single digit growth for the year. From our last earnings call, we have seen a little bit of pressure on new Pool builds and remodels. And that was the reason why we brought our guide down for the Pool season.
Robert Fishman: We were very pleased to be able to increase the transformation savings from $75 million to $100 million. Think of that as primarily coming from our sourcing savings with also our manufacturing and org excellence piece helping as well.
Robert Fishman: Yes. From our perspective, in terms of the guide we gave for Q3 and then the implicit guide for Q4, we'll see significant ROS expansion in both quarters. We do think that the main beneficiaries in the back half will be the Pool business and Flow followed by Water Solutions.
Robert Fishman: Yes. And just as a reminder, the North America filtration business, the Ice business, those are very profitable ROS businesses for us. So, the mix certainly works in our favor.
Robert Fishman: No. We do not see that happening. At the halfway point, we have -- of the year, we have two points of price reading out, and I expect something similar in the back half.
Robert Fishman: $100 million now in my prepared remarks, and you can think about that as roughly split between -- evenly between Q3 and Q4.
Robert Fishman: Yes. From my perspective, it brings tremendous focus to the things that really matter allows us to be seek perfection in QUADRA one with our best customers and best products and really to reduce complexity and simplify the business in quad 4.
Robert Fishman: I would say in the revenue reduction, there's nothing significant relating to 80-20. There happens to be lower profit revenue streams as we're more selective within Flow as commercial services comes down, those would be helping the overall mix. But nothing yet directly related to 80-20.
Robert Fishman: Yes. I would say we're starting the synergies coming from that Manitowoc Ice acquisition really benefiting our North America filtration business. Again, we have the opportunity to visit distributors and dealers and talk about the breadth of our offering. We have the opportunity to cross-sell products. And we have an opportunity to go to market in a different way, whether it's setting up at a trade show and selling both Everpure and Ice. Those are all the benefits that are accruing to the filtration business this year.
Robert Fishman: Yes. Again, very pleased with our free cash Flow generation in the quarter, over $500 million. What that's allowed us to do is pay down close to $300 million of debt in the first half of the year. We've been able to restart our share repurchases in the second quarter. And I'll also continue to pay the dividend. If you think back about when we closed the Manitowoc Ice acquisition back in July of 2022, our leverage was in the high 2s. We've now delevered down to 1.6x and created a lot of optionality for the company to drive shareholder value. So, paying down variable debt continues to make sense at the interest rates that we see continuing to offset dilution. But we'll obviously have a nice problem to have come the end of the year where we're below our target net debt to EBITDA. So again, lots of options around accelerating share repurchases or potentially bolt-on M&A.
Robert Fishman: Yes, I would agree with that. I think we end up with higher quality revenue, higher margin revenue. We remain fanatically focused on Quadrant 1, and we improve lead times, quality, on-time delivery. We have our best service teams working with our best customers. How can that not help drive growth in Quadrant 1. So our view overall is we end up net better on the top line and then continue to drive ROS expansion through reducing the costs and Quadrant 4.
Robert Fishman: Yes. I would say I'll take the second one first. I mean at the turn year-to-date, we're slightly below price versus inflation. Prices read out around $40 million, inflation at $47 million. So inflation continues to be running a little higher than what we thought. I would say in the back half, our goal is to catch up and end the year, roughly speaking, price equaling inflation. On the run rate going into next year for transformation, too early to kind of give a calendarized view of that, but transformation will be significant next year in 2025 and certainly help us accelerate our ROS expansion goals.
Robert Fishman: For Q3 and that down 2% to 3% guide, we expect Pool to be up slightly and for Flow and Water Solutions to be down slightly.
Robert Fishman: Yes. We do expect to have similar ROS expansion story for Pool in the back half of the year. So again, they're executing very well. They'll get some slight growth in the back half, and so we should be able to see, again, impressive ROS expansion story.
Robert Fishman: Yes. Again, a couple of points of price in the back half gets us very close to what we think inflation will read out. Again, remember, inflation is about $47 million at the turn. That's around 3% of the cost base. And so we think something similar will play out. Again, we're seeing inflation in the commodity space, the freight space. But overall, our goal, and we should be very close to price equaling inflation.
Robert Fishman: We think for modeling purposes, it's a good number to use. Again, our stated goal is to offset dilution. So, $50 million a quarter is kind of what we've built into the overall guide for the balance of the year.
John Stauch: Andy, I would just add that as a reminder. We had a really easy compare in Q2 versus a, a really low number last year. And so the growth rate in Q2 is more reflective of last year's performance than it is of anything that is outside the performance of this year.
John Stauch: Yes. So first of all, 80-20 was not in our 2026 Investor Day longer-term targets. Very little of it is included in our 2024 update guidance. We completed the training sessions and the fact-based analysis on roughly half of our revenue streams. And we'll have the other half done in roughly the next 90 days. So we're very encouraged with what we're learning and finding and it does give us confidence that we can continue to improve margins as we go forward.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean most of the decline that we're seeing in Water Solutions is coming from not participating in low-value service contracts within our KBI services arm, and we're adjusting our revenue down to reflect that. That would be roughly a $20 million adjustment for the year. The rest of it is filtration grew double digit in Q2 and they're having a really strong year. And the Manitowoc Ice business continues to perform to expectations. And as a reminder, we were just under $450 million of revenue last year. We'll be just in the low 420s this year. So we're managing through a really decent execution despite having those record backlogs last year that we ended up shipping. So I feel really good about Water Solutions business. We are tweaking our global residential water treatment business, reflecting some of the lower revenue streams and non-U.S. related businesses. And that's a small adjustment here, but I think it's reflected that we don't think that those will improve in the back half of the year.
John Stauch: That is correct, Steve. And I don't think we should expect that we're going to outperform that between now and the rest of the year. I think we're -- there's pockets of being able to recover some of the incremental inflationary areas, but we don't feel that inflation is significant enough to go out with another round of pricing. So we're generally doing the best we can and that the original list prices. And I think so far, so good.
John Stauch: Yes. Let me hit the transmission real quickly. I think it's fair to say we always had an internal funnel that was higher than what we had confidence with in the beginning of the year internal side. And I think the $100 million now reflects that most of the programs that we had in the internal funnel are now being realized. And so that's where our confidence level is as we exited Q2. As a reminder, we had difficult year-over-year in transformation in Q1, and we had a very strong Q2, and now we feel confident in what that full year expectation is. When we look at 80-20, I think it's important to note that the way the math works is that what we call Quad 4, which is the lowest performing quadrant. These would be less desirable products to lesser desirable customers. That's roughly usually around 4% of revenue. So just to think about that, that frames on a $4 billion-ish revenue stream, what the walkaway revenue number would be at its worst possible scenario. That same quadrant generally usually reflects about 25% of the company's cost structure. Now you're not going to get all that 25% out because clearly utilizing pieces of people's work efforts, but it starts to tell you about how it's non-profitable being Quadrant four. So, as you release yourself from the products that you're spending a lot of time on, you should ultimately be able to reduce your labor and reduce or redirect your NPI and your sales and marketing efforts to your Quad one to generally over-serve or create a better service level to your top customers, which gives you an overall better core rates. So we don't have that figured out for all the businesses yet, but the math is not going to be any different for Pentair than it is for everybody else who goes through the program. And it's really encouraging and gives us a lot of optimism that the whole another list of transformation ideas as we head into 2025.
John Stauch: And I think this is John. Jeff, to answer your question, I mean, we do a lot of quick serve. And even though the traffic may be a little more challenged from time to time, it's relatively a stable industry. when it comes to the replacement side and the step-through for our related products.
John Stauch: Yes. I'd say, first of all, I mean, we're disappointed in the new Pool build for the year. I mean, we're almost near historical lows and pretty close to where we were in the '08-'09 financial crisis, Jeff. So I mean we're looking for the movement in interest rates to really start to spur the remodeling side and hopefully begin to get people to move homes and think about Pools as part of that attachment. Overall, on the way the segmentation works, we do really on the high end and high end is still strong. That's generally a cash buyer, and they're utilizing retirement income to -- or retirement of funds to buy the dream home in the Sunbelt states. It's really the mid-market and some of the remodeling that we believe has slowed. And so as we mentioned in our remarks, our dealer pulse would suggest that it's a little less optimistic here as we enter the second half of the year than we saw in the first half of the year, which is why we adjusted our guide downward by a couple of points.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean I think it's just overall, we're really pleased with the fact that there's been a fair amount of infrastructure spend and we focused our activity there, had some solid marketing programs to focus on where that got an expansion is. And I think we feel really pleased that we're participating in that segment right now.
John Stauch: Yes, not much at all. It's modest. We called it out as a particular area of the economy that continues to be invested in. And I'm sure you're struggling with some of that road construction and infrastructure spending as well as we all are here in the summer construction season, but it's been nice to participate in that and see a little bright spot from the government funding in that area, which offsets some of the lack of interest rate benefits we're getting elsewhere.
John Stauch: Yes. Sell-in and the sell-through about flat in the quarter for us. And the rest of what happened in Q2 was the year-over-year comparison really wouldn't happen, which was last year, there was a sizable at 5% inventory correction in this year generally sell-in matched sell-out.
John Stauch: So as a reminder, the prebuy starts in Q3 and Q4 of the previous year, and we take those orders ahead of the price increases for the next Pool year. Right now, we have what we'd say is a modestly down to normalized environment as we look forward in 2025, reflecting that we think that we won't really see benefits from lower interest rates across the residential businesses probably second half of 2025.
John Stauch: Yes, I appreciate the question. No, it's harder actually. And I think it's the right way to do it and the only way to really do 80-20 is because ultimately, your customers are determining what parts you're selling and why you're selling those parts. Nathan, we talked about, this usually self create your own complexity. I mean we did design and introduce all these parts. So we have to take accountability for that. But really, as Bob said, we're going to treat our customers fairly and basically differentiate how we serve them. And so not all our customers are buying quantities and not all our customers are buying the same levels of transportation and expectations. So it is harder. It takes longer because we have to have honest and fair and transparent pricing across the customer base. And then we have to work the rebates and the volume discounts accordingly, which takes time to work its way through. And that's what we're doing, and we're going to do it, obviously, legally and compliantly, but we're making sure that we notify everybody that at the end of the day, we can't give everybody the same on delivery. We can't give them the same volume purchases because it gets really complex to someone who's not buying the right quantities.
John Stauch: I'll answer your question quickly. That is a possibility, Nathan. I don't know that yet, obviously. I mean we framed it, and I shared with you that in the near term of walking away from Quad 4 could be 4% to 5% total revenue. What we don't know yet is usually in any short-term period, there would be a little bit of a pullback, but you would get the cost out and therefore, the margin lift. What we would hope that this leads to though is a faster core growth rate because we're able to give the products and customer experiences to our top customers and grow greater than our historical growth rate. Bob and I don't know what that math looks like yet to go across the portfolio. I do think it increases our confidence level of what ROS could be. And certainly, we feel like this will be additive -- at the same time, you're probably not wrong on the fact that some of our dollar growth that we might have forecasted in 2026 could be lower.
John Stauch: Yes, it's too early to tell yet. I do think I agree with all your earlier comments. It has been a 3-year cycle. And quite frankly, when you look point to point, it's one in which we don't yet agree that there's been any type of pull-in or anything related to COVID. We definitely think that we'll start seeing new Pool builds increase from this level as we head forward in '25 and beyond. And we're hoping to get more to that historical level, which would be just somewhere around 90,000 -- 80,000, 90,000 a year, kind of lead and aided by the interest rates starting to ease. I think overall, still pleased that we're growing year-over-year despite the challenges. And I think from this point forward, we think we're returning to growth.
John Stauch: No, I think it helps. I think it's slightly in that. I mean, it's going to be in that mid-single digit. It gives customers a reason to want to continue to partner with us and our strong brand and our value propositions in the industry. We've been working hard to make sure that all of our food service-related customers understand the value of a high-quality water. And I think that segment of the market definitely understands it. But as we start to expand our Ice footprint and certainly expand our water drinking footprint. We want to make sure that all the other adjacencies also understand the value of a higher filtration capabilities. So we're very excited about the offering, and we're starting to make sure that we title that value proposition to the ones that aren't directly serving a customer who's coming in for a food-related drink or beverage. I think schools, institutions think about that as the backdrop.
John Stauch: Yes. I just want to make sure, I mean, early buy is done and it's just really more a the factory. Otherwise, we'd have all of our revenue in Q2 and Q3 and very little in Q3 and Q4 -- Q1 and Q4. So we make that decision as we head into the year based upon what level of revenue we're comfortable with to still maintain a decent profit level and also make sure that we can keep a consistent employment level. So that's how we make that decision. It's too early to make that call right now. And as the season approaches, that's the discussions we have with the Pool team.
John Stauch: Yes. So Steve, we do have some suburb commodity inflation a couple of the raw materials that everybody is experiencing that is a little higher than our overall expectations. Also this year, labor inflation still remain high, especially in the core U.S. areas. Mexico being one of the areas that saw significant labor inflation. So those are the I say, the abnormal inflation in the year. As far as the pricing aspects, we do feel like when you look at it on a full year basis, it all levels out. But within periods, because we do give rebates to dealers, and we also give discounts to distributors, you could have a little bit of abnormality as you work through the quarters. But overall, it usually comes right in on the forecasted number.
John Stauch: Thank you for joining us. In closing, I want to reiterate our key themes. First, solid execution across our balanced water portfolio drove significant margin expansion for the ninth consecutive quarter. Second, we are increasing our 2024 ROS and adjusted EPS guidance, which reflects continued confidence in our strategy and our ability to mitigate risk where we can and maintain agility in a dynamic environment. Third, we effect our transformation and 80-20 initiatives to continue to drive strong margin expansion. And finally, we believe our focused water strategy and solid execution are building a foundation to continue to deliver value creation beyond the 2024 fiscal year. Thank you, everyone, and have a great day.
