Randy Hogan: Thanks John. 2011 is shaping up to be a good year for Pentair, in meanings we better than what we thought it would be at the beginning of the year. As you recall we began the year with EPS expectations in the range of $2.20 to $2.35 a share compared to $2.00 a share in 2010. Today we believe we’re well on track to deliver EPS in the range of $2.44 and $2.47, up 22% to 24% from prior year. This performance reflects roughly $0.05 from CPT with the remaining $0.40 or so cents driven largely by strong execution. So we’re counting on our market snapback in 2011 for several critical markets and we didn’t get it. Despite this, we grew sales and earnings better than we initially expected. As we move into 2012, we have more scale and fast growth regions, good price material momentum and the added technology and application know how of CPT positioning us well for continued success. Thanks for your time in listening. We’ll now turn it over for questions. Operator, take over.
Randy Hogan: Communications is down again in 4Q. So communications is down, general electronics is down a little bit and basically the industrial side is flattening. We’re not getting to double-digit growth to single-digit growth. So that’s sort of how the mix works.
Randy Hogan: And we made a couple of cents this year in the third quarter, the last year we’re in the beginning of the year and we didn’t make any money because it was all expedited and just turns lost productivity. The business did a great job this year. So where the couple of cents and but Europe was probably weaker about a couple of cents in the quarter. So this is how I would like to.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks guys.
Randy Hogan: Yes, the – let me begin with that one, that actually the Middle East one is that kind of we’ve been investing to put people on the ground to sell larger, more sophisticated pump systems. And the example of the win in the Middle East was just that. We didn’t had a ready solution based on our U.S. design, CPT did. I think there is going to be more opportunities as we get our sales force is better trained globally to sell those if you will in other 50 cycle European base design which is a (inaudible) versus our very well accepted design from the U.S. which aren’t as well known in sometimes in 60 cycles versus 50 cycle pumps. So that’s a big opportunity for us. So we do have to get to be more global on that business because we suffer because we’re primarily in the large municipal business. We are in the break and fix world of the U.S. municipality. So we think we will make more progress as a result of CPT technology and our investments. That’s the way I am thinking about it.Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: And then with regards to the quoting activity in the U.S.
Randy Hogan: Yes, let me talk about the position and then I’ll let John to talk a little bit more about the specifics on the numbers but basically when we have the big floods in the beginning of 2010, we were not in the inventory position. We were focused on being efficient on the inventories but we didn’t have a lot of surge inventories and when those floods hit if you recall in the spring of 2010 they were pretty enormous, not necessarily up where you are but in the mid-section of the country. What happens is we end up expediting things out of Mexico, expediting things out of China, expediting things. We’re running a lot of overtime. So we have a lot of negative areas against that product and because it is a thinner margin business, because it’s largely sold to resell, we actually didn’t make money doing that. So the residential flow business is a learning organization. So they said, if in fact we’re going to see more of these kind of larger events which someone predicts we will and in fact we have since then. They have changed their profile. They’ve actually invested more in inventory. They’ve focused through lean enterprise to being much more flexible in terms of their production and so we were ready for this thing. And so we had the inventory. We had the processes in place to ship efficiently and actually make money. So and served customers very, very well. We got kudos from our channel partners there.
Randy Hogan: We did not want our Analyst Meeting to turn into a quarter discussion, I mean I just didn’t want to do that. I felt like we needed to do stuff to affirm the year just to get it out of the way but we really wanted to talk about where we’re going for the next three quarters.
Randy Hogan: Hi Chris, how are you?Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer & Co: So I was wondering if you could elaborate on what you’re seeing in Europe, if there are any pockets that have had some jarring developments or just sort of a gradual softening pretty much.
Randy Hogan: I wouldn’t say it’s jarring, I mean it’s no surprise to anybody that Southern Europe is weak that we get most of our sales out of Northern Europe. So the Benelux countries and Germany and France is an important country for us as well. And I would just say that adjunct to the third quarter, August is always slowing here by anyway. And September was probably a little weaker than I would have like to seen coming back. The residential market has been I would say soft all the year. And it’s more in the general electronics area where we’re beginning to see some more softening and that’s an important market for us in Germany in particular. So I’d say nothing specific just sort of a softening.
Randy Hogan: Communications for us is our lumpiest business in Technical Products. It’s the place where we have the largest projects. So I would say that we have a one big project going end of life that probably has bigger impact on us than just the general level. However when we do look at the general level electronics it’s more challenged than the industrial side. So we’re cautious about that.
Randy Hogan: Yes, if you recall we weren’t looking at significant cost synergies when we put the deal together as manufacturing numbers and we looked about $4 million. What you’re seeing progressing forward is little over seasonality in CPT and therefore the leveraging of the amortization cost. I think if we take a look and we spent more time with the business, there is certainly things a $3.5 billion company you can bring to a $300 million business that drives efficiency especially in back office. And that’s where we’re expecting to be able to bring the synergies across the year within 2012. So I am looking steady improvements, continuous improvement every quarter as we would look at it and we would look to take a look at any channel opportunities as I mentioned the restructuring and opportunities that changed the business model of CPT going forward.
Randy Hogan: Yes, growth from Germany is really their export growth, that is expensive. We support taking on the Technical Products side. The German X-Flow [ph] and that’s really what helps. Now our Western Europe team also has two of our growth regions which is Eastern Europe and the Middle East. So we want to invest there and when I talk about moving our center of gravity, we’ll be moving from Western Europe to Eastern Europe and the Middle East from United States to Latin Americas. From both of those regions to Asia because our base case has been the same since 2009 when we said that we expect Europe isn’t going to grow much at all for the next five years market. The U.S. is going grow like Europe used to which means that half of the rate of U.S. needs to. But the fast growth markets are going to grow like they are doing now because the wealth of that populations demand there. So that’s really what informs the way we think about Western Europe and the U.S. business, it’s not new thing.
Randy Hogan: Yes. And there was no contribution really to foreign exchange in Q1 and you add substantial volume. When you kind of look at Q2 as I mentioned before, volume was mid-single-digits and there was a substantial foreign exchange contribution. If now you look at volume, you are foreign exchange contribution is tailing off and your volumes moderating slightly. That’s the way we describe it.
Randy Hogan: Well I would say that the competitive dynamics and the customer relationship dynamics hasn’t changed much. Just to roll back history a little bit, one of our beliefs is that the ability to get price is a good market for being in an attractive business and we’ve generally been able to get price in these two segments, Water and Technical Products. We actually constrain, we decided not to raise prices fast as there is – when the recovery began because we work confident enough to raise prices and we don’t want to risk losing any volume because we raise prices. So we rectified that, and got back into what I would say the 2% is more of our structural practice, its normal we’re returning to normal. Material has to support that but it’s really structure that supported our ability to get price more than material. So if anything we’re still catching up on material. The material inflation that we suffered in without raising prices before. So I don’t view them as totally coupled with materials and pricing.
Randy Hogan: Well and as good as we filled our tech products business in our margins there is not profit (inaudible). It is still higher.
Randy Hogan: Yes we had some other big not huge projects but now we’re calling bigger that were in the fourth quarter. That’s what’s really I mean to John’s point earlier that there is 85%, 90% for break and fix. In other words, the smaller lovely business because it slows in expected margins but fewer of the big ones.
Randy Hogan: Not any real update but just sort of make it a broader conversation so everyone knows, we believe that there are a lot of folks who we can supply membranes to as I call it – we call it sort of our Intel inside [ph] kind of thinking. We don’t want to be systems providers, we want to be component suppliers to a lot of vertical markets. And so we are pursuing those opportunities more aggressively than the former owners did because strategically they didn’t want to conclude their exit options. We certainly have a difference strategic thoughts in terms of when we think about CPT. But we’re still working on them. I am still bullish on that idea, but nothing new on that yet.
Randy Hogan: Well margin dollars is a lot better. The margin percentage isn’t necessary best, these products are 2x to 3x higher in products, two or three times higher in price. So the margin dollars are higher but the technology content is also higher. So it’s a little bit lower gross margin but I still like it. So I like the dollars.
Randy Hogan: Yes, and just a way to put in for Q3 it was little lighter in the FX contribution side, the average euro to dollar which is our primary currency was little lowered than what was in the forecast.
Randy Hogan: Well you can see price on the right hand side, the prices shown on the left hand side. Sorry, on the left hand side.
Randy Hogan: Hi Scott.Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co: Hi, how are you all doing? Page 10 of your handout where you talk about the high single-digit organic of the base business, this slide has ex CPT, ex GIWW. Previous page is saying were current organic growth of 7% I assume that’s what you mean in that sales up high single-digits.
Randy Hogan: We had...Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co: Okay. But then the first bullet down below says slightly moderate and year-over-year organic growth comparisons, now I do understand that that includes GIWW at least I think it does but your third quarter organic was two.
Randy Hogan: I mean that’s function of two things one if you’re talking about one particular person who is in the rental business, that’s a service business and it’s a pretty attractive business which has a different demand profile. We’re really not in the rental business. And in terms of the service side, yes we service our install base. There isn’t a lot of cross service of other peoples install base. So I mean when I talk about break and fix that’s the service component is in there. We don’t have any major initiative to try to attack other peoples install base at this time.
Randy Hogan: The pool is always a little bit, I don’t have it right on top of my head. It’s always a little bit of a cannibalization but one of the reasons we continue to gain share in pool is the fact that we cannibalize, we innovate over ourselves before other peoples do. So I don’t really have that number off hand but they do get 14% growth and I think a lot of that sales momentum is because of that innovation. So I don’t have really [ph].
Randy Hogan: We have a really nice energy business in terms of doing a fluid separation in refineries in chemical plants. Well I mean fluid separation not that we tried but fluid separation is fluid separation. So we have a lot more – we put a lot more effort to get into the exploration production side and particular it’s related to the shale developments in some of this new natural gas area. So there is actually two or three different things we can be involved in helping with some of the filtration around the production fluids as well as some of the energy fuel fluid. So a lot of the ones that I talked about were actually natural – are liquid gases, the propane and the butane and moving from the natural gas stream. That’s sort of like right in our real house. So we’re investing to get people on the ground to sell that more (inaudible) Q3. So that’s what that’s about. Hello.
Randy Hogan: What I would say is large scale developments additional infrastructure development track more the ability to keep the system going, the break and fix side goes more to the usage fees and the fees. And so that’s why that money all would be there. It’s whether they are going to do a major upgrade in the system like they did in New York, there was one major upgrade in the suppliers [ph] in New York that was political will and they put the money there. And so it’s those larger scale projects that are really falling off. So I don’t track tax receipts but I track quotation activities and try to put a reality factor on them as to whether the budgetary or whether they are (inaudible) or whether they are budgetary or whether they are actually funded.
John Stauch: Jeff, just to quantify it. The communications for us is about 20% of total Technical Products and you could think of those down business are like IT is generally the growth decline. That compares to what was growth in Q2. So we saw that slide throughout Q3 and we’re not expecting that to get better, but as Randy mentioned in the industrial side, we’re still seeing double-digit growth in.
John Stauch: Yes, I’d quantify it somewhere between $7 million and $8 million Jeff. We have floods every year. I think the difference this year as Randy mentioned where we were much better prepared for the operating deliberate [ph] and made it more profitability this year.
John Stauch: I think Jim, I’d put in two buckets, I mean obviously the staffing decisions are very quick paybacks, right, I mean certainly less than a year. And there is obviously opportunities as we look across the businesses both in the channels and how we serve our customers better. And so we’re really focused market back, customer back how do we optimize the Pentair portfolio. And I think that will be the majority of the restructuring changes we make which really are designed to make it more seamless of doing business. On the plan side, Jim I mean two year paybacks are normal. And we look at the benefit we’re going to get on the logistics and the supply chain. And do we make ourselves easier to do business with and that’s really how we’re gearing our manufacturing analysis on plan.
John Stauch: Quoting activity is I’d say stabilized. It’s going up a little bit. I am always I am looking forward to see orders going up.Jim Lucas – Janney Montgomery Scott: Okay, thank you.
John Stauch: I mean I think July and August are always hard reads. September came in as we expected and July and August was mixed as Randy mentioned and we saw the lumpiness and the volatility across different product lines. So I think overall the quarter was more of a usual quarter of Water. And the Technical Product side as we mentioned industrial remains strong throughout the quarter, and the communications orders and the sales started to slide throughout the quarter which is why we are predicting lower revenues through Q4 in communications side.Deane Dray – Citi Investment Research: And maybe this should be helpful to hear from you what the thinking was when you reaffirmed guidance for the year but not necessarily for the quarter, quarter seemed to play out fine, the months played out uneventfully but just looking ahead when we see a development like that.
John Stauch: Well probably right around 85% to 90% break and fix at the moment and the rest is project in the North American side. Clearly if you look at the CPT side, as Randy mentioned on a global, there are lot more projects focused and the global bids are still fairly strong, the non-U.S. I mean.Deane Dray – Citi Investment Research: It’s really helpful. Thank you.
John Stauch: Yes, I don’t think we can certainly to do our plans but I don’t think we’re expecting it to be an upside next year. I think we think that that area throughout 2012 to be a tough environment and we’ll plan for it accordingly.Christopher Glynn – Oppenheimer & Co: Got you. Thank you very much.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean obviously the developed world we got capacity and we’re absolutely a lot higher and I won’t give those exact percent, they are pretty high in the developed world but we are 10% in the developing world now which we think is showing and demonstrating what Randy mentioned of scale. And I think we expect that to continually improve. We’ve now got localized product and localized manufacturing to the regions that we’re serving. And we’re bringing to do it lean disciplines around cost management. And we expect the growth to continue. As we mentioned at the Analyst Day, I mean we’re actually hearing price discussions in China for the first time. So with inflation there, I think people are starting to realize that value product is still being priced a little bit. So I think most businesses are in these regions to make money and we’re one of those businesses and we expect that the margins will continually improve.
John Stauch: I’ll give you some quick color on the numbers and I’ll let Randy comment. But consistent with seeing that we brought to the Investors Day and consistent with the way that we’ve been developing and operating projects, these are developed regions, I mean GDP and the amount of population grows is not robust in the regions we’re talking about. Europe for us is less than 20% of our total sales and we don’t look at it as the significant or substantial growth environment. So it grew ultimately for the year greater than our expectation. As I mentioned Q1 was a significant contribution and we started to see a low single-digit growth in Q2 and Q3. That’s in line with what we think it’s going to be long-term. And that’s consistent with both Water and Technical Products. It’s hard to be a globally competitive in euro at the rate that it’s at today. So you really you’re line of growth within those regions. And while there is still growth in Germany it’s not of the growth that’s equal to China, Brazil or India. I’ll let Randy answer.
John Stauch: So I think it’s important to separate the foreign exchange impact in Western Europe and the actual volume we’ve had there.
John Stauch: Yes, just remember tangibles are flat right for the quarter, and those are over a long period of time. And what we’re seeing is more contribution over that intangible. Q4 will be a nice quarter for CPT. It will be definitely high single-digits or double-digit growth reflecting where they could be, but in the project business. And so Q4 tends to be the strongest season. So listen, I think we mentioned we’re in kind of high single or mid to high single-digit range in ROS [ph] ending 2011. We expect 100 to 150 to 200 basis points expansion next year and we continue to grow on that base, when we expect to make stable progress. So that’s kind of the way I would think about it.Ajay Kejriwal – FBR Capital Markets: Got it. So the intangibles are flat on a dollar term but as sales increased the percent of sales that go down.
John Stauch: Yes, I think it’s optical illusion on that chart, because we show kind of our high verticals. But fast growth definitely up nicely. And then the only market that was down and it was down strong was communications which as I mentioned is down mid-teens. And everything else was up. Industrial was up strong as I mentioned, certainly commercial was actually even up double-digits, infrastructure was modest up 2% to 3%. And our general electronics was still up. Medical is a market for us that we capture that tends to be lumpy as well, that’s very small market for us, less than 5%, that was down.
John Stauch: I think – it’s really in the planning cycle but that would be our expectation. What you’re seeing as Randy mentioned in more normal environment in which our price and cost are more predictable and therefore the incremental margins are in that direction, also reminds you I mean electrical and industrial possibilities substantially higher in the communication so you can get a mixed backup too.
John Stauch: I’d say 40% incremental at least this quarter Terry, and the last quarter for that matter, but pretty tough across industrial so.
John Stauch: But Terry, I think the – we have to do a better job of helping everybody understand the global platform and clearly when we look in here (inaudible) from predominant U.S. business that I know reasonable to say that down mid-single-digits might be zero to down maybe 5%, it might be its run rate but when you flip right over the global side and take a look at (inaudible) and CPT we’re up strong double-digits because the global opportunities are still there. I think from finding the capacities Randy mentioned in the go to market on these two businesses combining the engineering talent the capability I think the globally we still expect the global pump platform to be up high single-digits next year.
John Stauch: I think you saw (inaudible) analysis and you see that they are doing pretty well and the market itself is doing well. We think the demographics of a pool owner is different than that of a broad based consumer group. And I think we think that there is opportunities continue to improve the penetration rate, I mean the penetration rate is variable speed and the energy efficiency is still below double-digits. And there is a lot of more opportunity for that platform as people change out the pumps and go more energy efficient. And also the automation platform and the ability to tie all the energy efficiency into control environment is also a higher penetration rate. So we think there is a long runway left with our current products set. And the more the acceptance rate is across the dealer channel which as Randy mentioned, we added a lot more dealers to our platform. There is also energy we make on this. So we think the momentum is building. So we think there is a long runway left.
John Stauch: Yes, I think what you are arguing about is 7% organic growth high single-digits or mid to high but that you are looking at the same numbers. If you look at page nine, you’ll see that we mentioned the recurring organic is approximately 7%.Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co: Yes.
John Stauch: That 7% is what the sales up high single-digits refers to.Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co: Right. And that is – the 7% is ex GIWW.
John Stauch: From just talking from 8% to 7%, so moderating versus Q3 is what we are referring to.Scott Graham – Jefferies & Co: Okay, versus the.
John Stauch: Yes, it’s hard to quantify the quarter. The way we look at it longer term is we drive to one to two points on innovation and incremental to what the base growth rate would and that’s what we’re striving for. That’s net of cannibalization in what we’re trying for. I don’t have the exact number within the quarter.
