John Stauch: I think we would describe it as more moderating, Julian. I think clearly, our Manitowoc performance from a year-over-year basis, there's a huge acquisition component year-over-year, but there's also the organic growth of nearly 30%, as Bob mentioned in his comments, those are the result of industry demand and our ability to fulfill those industry demand. And eventually, we start to moderate and compare against year-over-year comps that are more normalized. In the IFT side, I think what we're seeing is really strong growth in commercial and industrial, again, backlog related that will again moderate in the back half of the year. Moving to what I would say is more normalized on growth rates that we would expect on a longer-term basis, Julian.
John Stauch: Yes. I think just on the Q2 numbers for Pool, I mean, it's solely in my opinion, related to more inventory coming out of the channel than we expected. I think the channel has done an amazing job of working and moving and migrating the inventory around branches to where it's needed, and they are aggressively working to eliminate that extra inventory from the channel. I think as we talk to our channel partners for Q3 and Q4, we continue to believe that all of the inventory or the excess inventory will be worked out in Q3, reflecting our current guide, and we would be talking on more normal early buy discussions as we ramp into Q4 as we anticipate the 2024 demand, and coming back to a more normalized seasonal performance. That being said, Pool is, in our opinion, really low in Q3 from our revenue forecast as it deals with that volume decline for us related to that inventory and channel correction.
John Stauch: Yes. So I think as we head into 2024, we're certainly pleased with the way prices held up in 2023 in relationship to what Bob said. And I think that's indicative of the way that ROS expansion has unfolded. I think we're going in a more normalized pricing environment now, Andy. And I think that -- that means that we have to rely on those price increases and work hard on the productivity aspects to drive the margin. And I think we're going to see normal and then I think it depends on how these industries fare as to what would be the expected hold rate or the realization rate of those price increases in 2024, and it's way too early to tell.
John Stauch: Yes, I think that's fair, Brian. I think I would talk about, as Bob mentioned, we're really pleased on the early indications of transformation. As a reminder, we're using outside partners to give us benchmark looks at what's possible and working with us to give us breakthrough thinking and putting in establishing core processes to drive this transformation. So we feel like it's going to be consistent and predictable. The one thing I would share with you, though, as you look at our targets is they're also inclusive of investments and we have a lot of energy around investing in our channels, our obsession around customer experiences, improving those customer experiences and investing in innovation. And those are offsets to the transformation benefits that we would expect. And as you can imagine, Pool has been an innovation leader for many years. It's been playing a little bit of defense lately. And we want to put our foot to the pedal there and really drive both product innovation and go-to-market innovation. So expect us to invest back in our businesses.
John Stauch: Yes. I think if you look back at the 8 years prior to 2019, 7, 8 years, like this has historically been a 5% to 6% steady grower with some years that might be slightly higher, slightly lower based upon how the restaurant and hospitality market unfolds. Clearly, if you take '19 as a starting point to where we expect '23 to finish, think about being high single-digits. What we want to remind people is there's a significant catch-up to the significant downturn that hospitality industry has faced and that's a big part of the start-up and the demand. As I referenced in my note, we're now back slightly above the 2019 restaurant numbers. So I think we're going to see more of the historical trend pattern as we look forward in this business going forward. Our ability this year to grow faster was the share capture that was really based upon -- having gone through the supply chain work that we're doing elsewhere in Pentair, ironically and completely coincidentally, Manitowoc is using the same outsource partner that we're using on the rest of Pentair and started that sourcing initiative 3 to 4 years earlier than us. And so they were able to put the supply chain into place that allow them to be prepared and ready to partner to get these increased demands, and that's been a big benefit to the Manitowoc business. It's also very encouraging for us on what the rest of Pentair can realize as well.
John Stauch: Yes, special call out to our commercial and infrastructure team on just getting to margins in ROS is that, quite frankly, Mike, I didn't think were possible, right? And I think they're doing it while they're growing, which is extremely encouraging. That being said, I think as we go forward, it's going to be about how we continue to win projects and jobs that have aftermarket and service [Indiscernible] to them, how we can grow at mid-single digits, while maybe more likely maintaining these margins. Because as you know, when you get these tailwinds in the industry, it's easy to be selective -- it's harder to be selective when the jobs get tougher to find. And I think that's the discipline we're putting into the group. But it's really encouraging to see the progress they made. I think they still see opportunities to expand the ROS. But again, this is an area we want to invest in. And as you know, one of the things that has always talked about is blue water, right? So we're really strong on the fire pump side, and we've been able to find synergies by bringing the clean water side to some of the projects we've worked on, and we've been able to do that at the appropriate margins. So it's really encouraging to see that growth and the margins at the same time.
John Stauch: Yes. I hate to bring the weather word into the focus. And as I said earlier, I don't think it played as much into our Q2 Pool softness as the inventory correction did. Weather usually intends to work its way out eventually throughout the period. So I would say right now, we're seeing heat trends that have some positives in certain areas to driving demand. And at the same time, when it gets this hot, you don't necessarily need heaters. So I don't -- I would not bring weather into our forecast at all. I think everything we know today from our weather forecasting has been included in our guide, and we don't expect weather to be a big part of our discussion going forward.
John Stauch: But Steve, just to add on that, I agree with everything Bob said, and we're happy, but it is a benefit of the deflationary, the work we do to negotiate. But also, we have reduced our carriers by almost 2/3. And we did do a series of route optimizations and choose partners that are best to serve the routes and the lines that we need, and that was a big part of the work that's generating the savings.
John Stauch: Larger than that increase because we're also putting back investment, Steve. So I think the next wave that we'll start to realize is the significant Wave 1 benefits of the purchasing savings and the direct material that we're doing. And you could assume that, as Bob said in prior comments that, that's a double-digit savings against about 1/3 of the material buy.
John Stauch: Well, price is the transformation work we're doing on the strategic price initiatives, right? So it's a piece of the price contribution and then the productivity of the transformation is a piece of the productivity contribution.
John Stauch: Yes, I'll take the first one. I think sell-through as a whole this year through the first couple of quarters is slightly behind our original expectations. And I think that is a combination of some of the prebuys that happened in previous periods. It's also probably discretionary items that are being pushed out as consumers are dealing with the rest of their finances. And then as has been mentioned, from the industry. I think some of the finance Pools are slower than they were originally anticipated. As we go forward, and you look at early buy, we talk about normalized early buy. And about half of our Q4 shipments fall into those early buy categories. And the rest of the Q4 shipments are generally more standard orders. And we work those programs through the end of Q3 into Q4. And generally, we know what those orders are and wouldn't know what those orders are at the Q3 earnings call.
John Stauch: When you think of Flow, Nathan, you got to remind us that we've got a residential business around pumps, and that has been slow and down soft, right? And that's reflecting the residential trends in the Water Solutions as well as Pool. And so when we talk about Flows and overall growth, what we're really seeing is growth in infrastructure, commercial. As a reminder, commercial buildings aren't just office buildings, they also include data centers. They include warehousing. They include any type of infrastructure that would require or need fire pumps as well as water coming into that building and wastewater exiting that building. And so that has been a strategic point of ours, and we want to grow in those spaces. We're strong in those spaces. And so really what you've got is a residential, commercial and infrastructure mix here.
John Stauch: Yes. We're actually through most of the inventory challenges in the residential Water Solutions side of the business, Nathan. And what we have as a reminder is we exited direct-to-consumer businesses that we had, and we did that in Q4 last year, and so we're working through those year-over-year comps related to those decisions. And so the underlying growth of our core systems -- in our core components business is moderating, but it doesn't yet have inventory challenges or doesn't have inventory challenges.
John Stauch: We continue to believe on the Flow side, and remember, IFT is an industrial solutions business as well as Flow. I mean Flow has traditionally, we would think it is a low single-digit to mid-single-digit contributor and we're moderating back to those growth rates as we get to the second half, which we believe is normal. And then what we've got to do is make sure the mix of the business is start to contribute more to the margin expansion side. And we've gotten a lot of productivity and a lot of strategic projects out of C&I. But as a reminder, R&I tends to be the higher margin side of that business. And so we would expect that contribution get more normalized as we go forward.
John Stauch: It's a good basis to build off of. As we grow from here, we begin to get volume leverage on the on the overhead structure of the business. The only thing that would be an add-back is rebasing commissions that would be relative to selling the product throughout the channel. But when you think all that, growth is a really good thing and this is a really good level to model off of. With that, I'd like to provide some closing comments. Thank you to everybody for joining us today. And I wanted to reiterate our earnings call key themes: first, we had solid execution within our diversified portfolio along with price and transformation. These initiatives drove Q2 sales growth with margin expansion across all 3 segments; second, we continue to expect strength in our IFT and Water Solutions segments as well as transformation efficiencies to offset lower Pool volume in 2023; third, we raised our 2023 guidance due to strong Q2 and our confidence in the sustainability of our performance, driven by a diversified portfolio; and fourth, our transformation initiatives are reading out and expected to drive greater benefits beginning in Q4 and beyond as we implement actions towards identified savings. And finally, we expect to continue to deliver value creation beyond this fiscal year. Thank you, everyone. Have a great day.
Robert Fishman: I would say we're very pleased with Wave 1 across the board, particularly pleased within sourcing. As a reminder, Wave 1 consisted mainly of motors and drives, casting, electronics, logistics, packaging and then Wave 2, you can think of that as being metals, resins, purchase finished goods and a component of indirect spend. We've seen a lot of benefit within the transportation area within Wave 1 and 2024 is setting up for benefits in the other components of the Wave 1 spend. One of the areas that we've done a really nice job is capturing deflation, particularly across resins, plastics, motors, metals and castings where our team went in and did an expedited response to what they saw in the global marketplace. We're able to strengthen relationship with suppliers and actually take advantage of pricing that was coming down in the number of different commodity groups. I would say within kind of the ocean space, the expedited air on the air consumption, that's down over 50% from where it was last year. And ocean rates are down some 65%. The final thing I would say is that we've done a really nice job of rightsizing to the volumes that we expected from a direct labor perspective, and that's all about having headlights into the business and taking the corrective action. And then finally, there were a lot of inefficiencies in 2022. Spot buys, expedites, partial truckloads, partial completion of products where we'd have to push a 90% complete product off the line and wait for a part to come in. We had overtime attrition. We've done a really nice job of addressing those inefficiencies as part of the transformation as well. So across the Board, we're very pleased and I'm very thankful to the team that works on this every day.
Robert Fishman: I would say that the focus for this year continues to be on debt pay down, where interest rates are. We think that's the wisest use of the capital. And then that creates optionality going into 2024 around share repurchase and M&A.
Robert Fishman: The guidance that we've given actually has us expanding ROS year-over-year, both in Q3 and even more significantly in Q4. So that is one of our rallying crises to continue to expand ROS year-on-year again, a little bit less in Q3 because of the headwind of the Pool business. But overall, transformation continues to read out in the back half of the year.
Robert Fishman: One of the reasons why we added that extra chart was to try and give some view of the headwinds this year and what could be a potential tailwind for next year. So we did quantify the inventory correction at about $150 million. And so that will not repeat next year. So in itself, that's a $150 million good guide in 2024. We're not giving any view as to what aftermarket might grow, still too early from that perspective. But from an overall pricing perspective, price has been sticky from our perspective and that we do expect price increases as we go into next year.
Robert Fishman: Yes. We -- sequentially, we will be roughly in line, I would say, to maybe slightly down because we just won't drive that amount of volume and necessarily get the leverage that we saw from an Ice perspective. But overall, when we look at the different pieces, the filtration as well as the residential piece within Water Solutions, we continue to see transformation playing a big role. So I would say year-on-year, significant ROS expansion in Q3 for Water Solutions, a little bit of pressure as you go from Q2 to Q3 just because -- to John's earlier point, seasonality that's start to return to more normalized levels.
Robert Fishman: From our perspective, and I'm not trying to be flipping here, but even in the deflationary environment, there's work to be done. We need to go back to the suppliers and point out commodity prices that are coming down. So our view is that either through our negotiation process, either through the structured 11 gate process within Wave 1 and Wave 2. We have to understand the market, first of all, make sure we're asking for price decreases or longer-term price stability and so it's all part -- from our perspective of that strategic sourcing initiative.
Robert Fishman: What we've said up until now is we'll go from what will be roughly a 21% ROS this year to 23% by 2025. And our view is that roughly linear as we get to that 23%. So -- and transformation plays a big piece of that margin expansion.
Robert Fishman: Yes. When you look at -- price has read out nicely in the first 2 quarters, that will moderate in the back half and basically land around that mid-single-digit price benefit for the year. We are taking advantage primarily of carryover pricing with that advantage. And just as a reminder, there were many years or at least a couple of years where we were catching up and price versus cost was a headwind. It has been a tailwind over the last few quarters. But think of that as mainly carryover pricing decisions we made last year that benefited the first half.
