Randall Hogan: The volume we get is really all small projects, maintenance. There’s always some of that. That business has always had at least one or two larger projects, and then they’d get big ones on top of that. This year is unprecedented in that it has none of those bigger projects. And we don’t have any bigger projects coming in the forecast. So that’s what’s different. We thought we’d get a couple of those. They went away.
Randall Hogan: We’re getting better at seeing the businesses in our current configuration, and as we’re looking at our bidding activity. In energy, bidding activity remains strong. The power surprise, nuclear valves is a nice business, and that was surprising to see the short cycle in that. So, short cycle, which is repair and maintenance, was actually weaker in the nuclear business than we would have anticipated. That was really the only surprise in energy. But the variability quarter to quarter is not that big a surprise. So we feel good about energy because of the bidding activity, and that’s consistent across all of the GBUs that serve energy. 
Randall Hogan: It’s both. It’s both a lower margin because the systems are direct to the OEMs or part of lower projects, and they’ve always been a little bit tighter. But there’s also, as we build a valves kit, or we build a [cold] block, there is a lot more purchase pass through parts. That’s part of it too.
Randall Hogan: Well, it’s some of both. Germany was down, but Germany is moving away from nuclear, so those are being mothballed. So that’s maintenance that isn’t going to get done unless, for some reason, they open them up. At the same time, France has recommitted to another 50 year life extension for their whole nuclear fleet, and they’re going to be net exporters of electricity to all of Europe. But their maintenance was lighter than we would expect. The U.S. maintenance was lighter than we would have expected. And then there’s project businesses in China and other countries that are there to ship, and they just don’t ship. But the mothballing factor, we believe that we have that factored in. The surprise was more on the expected maintenance and the shipping of projects that are new installations, in countries that are building them.
Randall Hogan: We all have experience in those kinds of businesses, in our past life, that with longer cycle, should be more predictable. That’s one of the benefits of a longer cycle business. But as John said, it’s a function of the fact that the businesses have not been integrated, and that’s our big opportunity. That’s what our OMT project is about. And beyond the OMT, to get more granular understanding of the forecasts that come in, it’s not just in FP&A. It’s the sales forecasting. It’s an organizational capability. And we know how to do it, and we’re working on it.
Randall Hogan: The Middle East is still in a long term growth trend. We just had a really big project that shipped last year in the valves and controls business, in the Middle East. And that [unintelligible] in the Middle East looks weak. The secular trend, if you will, for our Middle East growth, is good. China has come back in residential spending. It’s nice to see that again in China. And it’s slowed down. And for us, that’s in the water business. So we think now that that’s coming back, it should continue for us. Latin America had suffered some setbacks from Brazil, but the rest of Latin America is lifting that. 
Randall Hogan: Well, it’s not recent. As we were doing the restructuring, one of the things we knew was this business was one of the reasons we wanted to consolidate GBUs, is we want to take out cost structure around businesses that just didn’t need the cost structure, and couldn’t afford the cost structure. The new information is the fact that the expected additional one or two projects just aren’t materializing. It was at that point we realized, this is something we should share. It’s not a surprise. What’s a surprise is the fact that none of the projects that would be reasonably expected, and that were actually being talked about, have materialized as real projects. 
Randall Hogan: Well, yeah, on the short cycle. We have probably the lowest conversion of, if you will, short cycle orders in quarter four quarter the business has seen in a while. And mining affected that too. If the mine’s open, it’s going to have maintenance. And so that was lower than we would have expected. So I would say it’s both power and mining.
Randall Hogan: That comment was really specifically to the process technologies segment, and particularly the water purification or U.S. residential. It was the U.S. residential and European residential comment. And no problem catching up.
Randall Hogan: You know, we’ve gone from seven GBUs to five. And then underneath the five, John mentioned that we’ve identified and defined and staffed 20 platforms, focused platforms, to manage profitable growth, so that we can make sure that we’re flowing the resources to our best opportunities. And we just put that in place at the beginning of this year. And John can say what he just said, which is we really do understand which ones are leveraging us for growth, and which ones are laggards, and what do we do about it. So we have much more granularity to that. At the same time, we’ve invested in a growth function, and we’re very much targeting that right now to get a better handle on the forecasting ability in valves and controls.  And so really, our focus right now is on growth and our growth processes. We’re building the competencies and capabilities for growth that we have built in Lean. It’s taken us 13 to 14 years to get where we are on Lean, but we are among the companies that are, if I dare say so, great at it. We don’t tend to take that long in growth. We’ve been working on it for a couple of years. We want to see more results, more sustained results. And one of the benefits, on the flipside, of being a narrowly diversified company, is we’re able to still execute and perform to promises, even when stuff happens.  And growth is clearly the number one agenda for me. It’s the number one agenda for the company. And that’s really where I’m putting all my focus right now, to make sure we are funding the right things. We need to get the average growth rate up to the low end of what we believe is possible. The profit potential is amazing. The best driver of productivity is growth, operating leverage. We get that. And so between the organization changes we made, between the way we’re flowing resources and we’ve changed resources, it’s all about to drive a more sustained growth.
Randall Hogan: You know, we had more stuff that would have sold in January that we would have got cash for. But it just wasn’t balanced in terms of the usual mix of sales by month. The quarter always is a cash usage quarter for us, just because of the nature of the business. 
Randall Hogan: We would expect it to revert to the mean. That short cycle business is largely replacement. You know, as long as the refineries are running, as long as work is being done, products get worn out. So it’s the kind of thing you wouldn’t expect to have a high percent of deviation around the mean.
Randall Hogan: Well, again, it’s the bidding activity, and it’s the quoting activity that gives us that confidence.
John Stauch: No, that’s clipping along at roughly flat or modestly up. As Randy mentioned, primarily a break in fix or reestablishing fixing things that are already installed. That business has always been relatively steady. But it’s the project business, and usually at this particular point in time, we’ve always got two or three, or we at least have meaningful ones at the front [log]. We’re not even seeing front log activity in Australia related to these projects.
John Stauch: The only thing I would add to it is, I’m sure like a lot of the companies you follow, our January and February slow start, March was very strong. And we’ve anticipated or put in the normalized view of what we think the year’s going to be, so we’re obviously monitoring April, and is April tracking more like March, and how comfortable do we feel. We’ll have a better picture of that, obviously, as we close out Q2. 
John Stauch: We’re looking at around 23 to 25 this year, probably closer to 23, each and every quarter. So we’re about $1 million under that. We’re going to have variability in things like stock comp timing, medical timing, and litigation. That’s about the only variability we would have. So it wasn’t a big delta. The year over year is the integration costs. We were obviously very heavy into the corporate integration last year, and you see that number reflected in over $30 million of expenses. That came down throughout last year. So most of our integration activities now are all in the businesses. So we mentioned OMT, that’s being absorbed in the valves and controls business. And most of all, our Lean activities and costs that are being borne to drive the synergies that are all being managed by the businesses now.
John Stauch: But as you know, we’re doing it because we’ve got the memory there that within 12 to 18 months, it’s going to be replaced, and we look for those aftermarket sales, and that’s much higher margin. So this is the razor, if you will, and the razor blade is to come.
John Stauch: I think we’ll definitely get there. I mean, we talk about blue chips being top priorities here, and believe me, this is Randy’s top blue chip, which means it’s my top blue chip, which means it’s the business’s top blue chip.  And right now, it’s complicated. These acquisitions were acquired, and we basically have 40 individual businesses that really take sales in 128 different locations, and then those sales are put on the factories. And you could imagine, some of these are in stock, and some of these make the stocks, and some of these configure the order, and some of these are larger projects.  But this is all solvable, and this is where our Lean tools really come in, and we’ve initiated and kicked off that project. So there is a financial element to this, but there’s also a process element that goes all the way through the sci op process. And as I mentioned, it’s Randy’s top priority, which means the business is all over it right now. I can’t tell you why they reach at the end of the quarter so much, like in Q4, and then you see the slowness this quarter, and then the catch up. I think that’s their lack of confidence in what that shipments needs to be to manage those quarters.
John Stauch: We definitely have the ability to. I think we will, if we need to. Right now, we’d like to balance that with acquisitions, especially in the platforms that Randy mentioned [unintelligible], they’re growing nicely, organically. They have a great standardized back office. And right now, there’s a big willingness to have discussions around acquisition. There is an agreement on price. But that’s what we’d like to do, is balance this between share buyback and acquisition.
John Stauch: I don’t think we can sustain 20% growth a year, but the reason we think we’re more in the double digits on a long term basis is we have solved something significant for the large beverage manufacturers, which is a way to filter their product, which has become a standard element. And so as they expand the breweries or rearranged the breweries, we’re a big piece of that. The other element that’s in the food and beverage is not only our ag offering, but what we believe is, you know, aquaculture and aquaponics, and a lot of other offerings. So we are focused on it. We have a lot of new product introductions there, and we have a global offering, which is really being well accepted. 
John Stauch: I’d say any time you get to see a valves number like this, you’re going to see its impact. It’s been our largest fast growth provider product, it’s going to have a general toll on the reporting. But the underlying water businesses right now in the fast growth regions is seeing nice, sustained, consistent growth. We’ve put a lot of investment and effort there, and I think I’m with Randy, I think we feel like these markets continue to be better than they were last year, with the exception of Brazil, and I think we have a long term growth rate here that I call mid-single digits.
John Stauch: We look at everything. And as I said earlier, obviously the integration effort, we’d like that to be on something that’s much more lean today, and could accept a larger acquisition.
John Stauch: Yeah, it’s a muni play. It was down around 20% in the quarter there. And we were also slightly down in our energy, which is more of a timing issue, and when those shipments will go out. That was down roughly 10%. That’s about a $100 million a year business.
John Stauch: I actually love your question, because we feel the same way. Right now there’s a couple million dollars more of OMT, and we do think that the productivity that we’ve seen in the last several quarters, we believe that that’s going to continue to come through here. So we’re looking for that increased Lean and sourcing savings, and I think whenever you’re flat, I think businesses find it hard to forecast significant operating income on flattish growth.
John Stauch: Absolutely. I think the piece that we absolutely know about is the restructuring, and when you take a look at what we’ve done today, we’ve taken roughly $200 million in charges, and that run rate on those savings would be north of $200 million. And that’s the piece that we absolutely have tangible confidence that we’re going to achieve. The piece that’s a little harder to gauge is some Lean savings, and how much is core, and how much is synergies, especially when you need growth leverage to benefit from both, and also, on the sourcing side, how much would you have gotten anyway. But right now, I did the same math you did. We exited at $40 million. I think we picked up some incremental synergies on top of that, probably knocking on the door of close to $45 million to $50 million, from a run rate basis. And we continue to believe that we’re going to escalate through the year, based upon the incremental actions we even [drilled] in Q1.
John Stauch: Yeah, because we’re getting the restructuring, we’re getting the synergies, and when we start to grow on that reduced cost structure, the leverage is very nice. And when we track this year, synergies aren’t the problem. We’re slightly underperforming on the core, and that’s related to the revenue. We’re also utilizing those incremental synergies, as you know now, to cover the water transport impact. And we anniversary that in Q2, so I feel like we’re well positioned on restructuring and when we get the growth, we’re going to see some pretty nice leverage. 
John Stauch: This isn’t a highly configured business. It’s apparently a standard product that goes into our factories that maintain a fairly high fixed cost structure. So when you get a project, you can usually start shipping it within 30 to 60 days. And so this is the season that we usually see those projects enter at least the front log, if not the back log. And what Randy’s saying is, we don’t even see them in the front log, let alone the back log. So this was the time we felt we needed to share with you guys what we’re absorbing in the rest of the base business. 
John Stauch: Not seeing that. We’re feeling the same optimism in the market that everybody else is talking about. Last Q2, we had a difficult orders quarter. We saw a little bit of recovery in Q4 of last year. And I wouldn’t say we’re at a historical low, but we’re not ecstatic about the Q1 orders. But if you take the March order rate, it was relatively strong. So I think we’re hearing the same optimism in the market, and we’re expecting that quoting activity to turn orders, and we’re tracking this to a weekly order rate, and looking at the variances and doing our root cause countermeasures. I don’t think there’s any systematic issue to what you’ve asked. I think it’s a matter of getting this capital investment spent, and getting those projects put into place.
John Stauch: Yes, Europe remains a slight positive. They did have a warm winter, as Randy mentioned. We had a thermal business that obviously was impacted, but the rest of our other businesses we saw a slight benefit from that warm weather.
John Stauch: The U.S. continues to do really well in the market. Canada was a little weaker this time. And Southeast Asia and China, as Randy mentioned, as well as the Middle East, from a core basis, are good, solid markets right now.
John Stauch: Yeah, I think I’d say about $50 million in synergies, but your $26 million is right. And then obviously some of that’s going to offset the inflation. So we always look at two elements. We want price to offset inflation. We want productivity to offset inflation in the core. Sometimes we don’t always get there perfectly, but that’s our targeted actions. And so we’re always looking to offset that inflation rate on the [unintelligible] core productivity.  But yeah, we’re seeing that strength of operating performance, seeing good cost structure, good cost discipline management. And that’s why Randy and I are optimistic when we see the growth, we’re going to get that leverage. And the growth is frustrating, because we have 20 product technology platforms, half of them are growing.  And when we talk about growing, they’re growing high single-digits. And we’ve got a couple of these platforms that are in significant contraction mode. The good news is, most of the ones like water transport aren’t our highest margin, but some of the ones that are growing are higher margin, and so that’s part of that positive mix we expect to see as well. But I think your math is generally correct, yes.
John Stauch: I think we’re looking at a couple of things. We were hopeful that water transport would recover, but we didn’t plan on it happening. We never really gave Q2 guidance, so within our plans, I don’t think we’re bringing up anything new today within water transport. We’re just sharing with everybody that we doubt it’s going to recover back to historical levels and be any positive contributor past the $3.85 to $4.00 that we’re giving. We continue to work all those restructuring actions, which are more than offsetting the water transport headwind, and we feel very confident that we’re building the growth process, as Randy said, that is going to generate the growth that’s going to give us the leverage. So right now we feel like we’re being really balanced.  Obviously, we’re managing the corporate expenses for two reasons. One is we’re keeping the spending lower as a contingency, but the other reason is there’s a lot to absorb in the business right now in integration, and they don’t need more initiatives on top of what they’re already driving.  So those are all the normal things that a business goes through, this cycle. But I think we feel like we’re on plan for the year, and we feel like we’ve got enough positives to offset the negatives. Things have been a little bit more choppy in the external markets. I don’t think anybody anticipated a slower start to January. I think we scrambled, like most companies, to make that all up, absorb those costs within our productivity in Q1 as well. So I think you’re just hearing a balanced view from us, Jeff.
John Stauch: Randy’s put the business on a weekly pulse cycle. If you want to take a look at orders and you want to look at your front log, which is a manageable process, to have visibility into what’s coming, they you want to have a predictability on the hit rate, you want to turn that into what you expect your daily orders rate would be, and what you want to see is a day to day improvement against that. And clearly, given what we saw in valves in Q1, that’s where Randy’s got the business target in Q2. And we all have visibility into how we’re doing against that.
John Stauch: I think oil and gas, as we said before, will always have a price element there that’s the most competition in that space. I think the thing that we’re looking at now is based upon our substantial productivity that we’ve driven, we have to have the confidence to maybe take a little bit lower gross margin knowing that we can drive the productivity in those projects.  I can’t tell you that we’ve lost anything over price, though. But we want to have that type of visibility to know that if we are this confident we can continue to get the productivity, does that open up an increased order book for us? Randy, I don’t know if you want to comment, but I don’t think there’s been any of that element. I’d also say that a window that we have as well is we have an [unintelligible] and controls business, which serves our competition, the whole industry. And I can assure you that based upon their performance in the quarter, it doesn’t feel like we’ve lost share. So we have an inside view to the rest of the world in the valve space. We are still the world’s leading valves and control player, so we feel we’re involved in every project. And we feel like we’re going to win our fair share here.
John Stauch: No, I think we made great progress in ’13. We still have a long way to go, but I think we expect to make another big jump forward here in 2014. It’s just receivable discipline. It’s inventory disciplines, and it’s tracking it and managing it, and holding people accountable to it. No, we think we’re still going to make progress, even with growth in the business.
John Stauch: What I was saying was, in this quarter, we saw a lower short cycle business. That was a surprise, frankly, that, if you will, book in the quarter, ship in the quarter was the lowest conversion that we’ve seen going back in history since before we owned it. And it just seems like that in our area, in our installed base, that there was a little bit of a slow start. And I don’t know if that was weather related in the U.S. There’s a lot to conjecture, but I can’t give you root cause analysis on it. But we’re certainly focused on it. That’s one of the things that, as John mentioned, we have some new disciplines in terms of weekly reviews on order rates. It’s one of the things I think we’re watching to understand better. So I wouldn’t say that that’s something that was worse in the first quarter than we have seen.
John Stauch: One of the things that we’ll have a clearer picture as we conclude the year, Randy and I both have a lot of experience in long cycle businesses. And when you get into project and maintenance related businesses, Q1 is usually the lowest quarter and Q4 is usually the highest quarter. So one of the conjectures is, the high rate of book and ship in Q4 of last year impacted the low rate of book and ship in Q1, but they were on a different fiscal year. Really shouldn’t be an element of difference. Quarters should be quarters. And you should be responding to whatever the customer demands are. And so we should probably see a more normalized cycle with Q1 being the lowest shipment quarter, Q4 being the highest shipment quarter. And we’ll see how that plays out this year. But that’s what Randy and I are expecting, and that’s what we’ve forecasted.
John Stauch: That’s what we continue to track, which I was talking earlier about. We want to make sure that we’re looking at those hit rates, we’re looking at the time in the cycle, from the time that the bidding goes into the front log to when it converts to an order. And we obviously have a lot more data and much more track record now that Randy and I can push the business to see. We are very optimistic as the market is, and we’re tracking those orders. And our expectation is April is a big step up from March, and right now we’re not off of that expectation.
John Stauch: Roughly we would expect a normal cycle to be somewhere around 50% to 60% into what we call the installed base. And that’s mostly like for like replacement against whatever spec you won, for the most part. And then the rest would be a major expansion and/or some type of greenfield application. Obviously, when you’re on large project types of cycles, it probably shifts to more 40% in the installed and 60% elsewhere.  The second part of your question, on sales synergies, we continue to be able to take these 20 product platforms, now that we have the visibility, and those that are strong in energy, try to pull the rest with them. And we continue to be excited about the pull through opportunities that a leading product provider has to bring the rest of our product technologies through product. So we’re as excited about that opportunity as when we acquired [unintelligible].
