Bob Fishman: See the Manitowoc Ice performance has been significant from our perspective. We – I often get asked the question. So this year, in Q1, we drove roughly $95 million of sales in Manitowoc, and that's versus them doing around $75 million last year. And again, think of that business as high 20s from a margin perspective. I would say one thing that's helped is they have significant backlog in the business. They're clearing that. But probably more importantly, if you think about the go-to-market strategy, as we combine ice services and our commercial filtration business, my view is that one plus one plus one adds up to more than three, and the opportunity to go-to-market in that way has really helped the business.
Bob Fishman: The only thing I would add is I think pool has done a really nice job back in Q3, Q4 of last year and seeing the channel correction ahead of us, they did a nice job of rightsizing to those lower volumes.
Bob Fishman: It is a ROS number to answer your first question. And again, our view is that Manitowoc Ice is an extremely well-run business as part of our portfolio. Our goal is to continue to keep the margins in that high 20s range and have them take advantage of the transformation initiatives as well. But we don't want to get ahead of ourselves with that business either. For now, the performance is going exceptionally well.
Bob Fishman: Yes. And just as a reminder, we have the four major initiatives in transformation. They all have different waves, in particular, around sourcing the wave one negotiations is complete now. So we're moving on to the wave one implementation, and at the same time running a parallel activity around the next $500 million, $600 million of spend in wave two. So our view is it's a really nice runway that benefits more significantly in 2024, but then also gives us upside in 2025 and beyond.
Bob Fishman: It was a little bit better than we expected. We always knew that Q1 would be our better price quarter and that it would slowly come down throughout the year. But we have seen less discounting than we thought. So we're certainly comfortable with pricing and had a little bit of upside in the first quarter.
Bob Fishman: We expect early buy to return to normalized levels. It was roughly at normalized levels as we closed out 2022. So no significant difference there. Again, as we said, from our perspective, the inventory correction should be done by the end of the Pool season, and then we can return to more normalized growth.
Bob Fishman: From a new pool construction perspective, we mentioned that we assume that new pools would be down in that kind of 25% to 30% range. So, again, think of new pool construction around that 80,000 mark back in 2018, and 2019, and 2021 declined to around 115,000; 2022, about 100,000 new pools; and this year, we're estimating kind of in that 70,000 to 75,000 range. Our view is that a lot of this is predicated on interest rates and the macroeconomic environment, but we do expect growth in new pools next year, more normalized demand across the aftermarket, really the inventory correction done. So, when you think about 2024, you are looking at normalized growth against 2023 that has significant headwinds. So, we are optimistic that as we turn the corner here in 2023, we have a positive story for Pool. And just as a reminder, we had started the year saying that Pool would be down low double digits. We did change that assumption to down low mid-teens. And if you think about that, we are absorbing about $100 million more of a headwind than what we thought at the beginning of the year. So, if you take the low end of double digit down and you take the high end of mid-teens, there is $100 million that we think will work its way through this year, again, setting ourselves up for a better 2024. And that, again, is one of the reasons why we were pleased to bring up the midpoint of our guidance this year that even with that headwind we were able to increase with the strength of IFT, Manitowoc Ice and the great start to the year.
Bob Fishman: A piece was backlog, Nathan, I don't have the split between what was backlog. As we mentioned last year, backlog has been strong in Manitowoc Ice at the – since we acquired the business in July. But overall, our view is to go-to-market not only with Manitowoc Ice but with commercial filtration and services. And historically, this business has been a very consistent grower. So our view is Manitowoc Ice will continue to perform well.
Bob Fishman: No doubt that that pool will face down 16%. They will be down a little more than that in Q2 and Q3 and then should be turning the corner in the fourth quarter. So, from an EPS perspective, we think Q3 will probably be the most challenging quarter, and then Q4 EPS will improve as a lot of these transformation initiatives kick in and then Pool starts to improve.
Bob Fishman: It really wasn't weather-related as much as it was just the economic uncertainty, the higher interest rates. So that was our assumption was that by bringing new and remodel down 5%, it was more related to that.
Bob Fishman: Yes. Our view is the mix of that, so the down 20% is roughly two-thirds relating to the inventory correction and a third relating to the aftermarket or items that were bought in advance over the last couple of years, so think heaters, lighting, those types of products.
Bob Fishman: Yes. I couldn't have been more pleased with the margin expansion. From our perspective, it was a number of different drivers that should drive sustainable margin expansion in the future. So to the earlier point made, we did a much better job of removing the inefficiencies that existed last year. So think about logistics, think about air freight, think about even spot buy on electronics, all getting better in the first quarter. Again, our price read out better than expected because we didn't have to do the discounting that we had perhaps put in as an assumption but felt good about how pricing read out from the carryover activities that we had done. The accretive nature of Manitowoc; and then finally, just the transformation initiatives, including rightsizing to those lower volumes in pool. Those are all things that we got significantly better at in Q1 and should be sustainable as we go forward.
Bob Fishman: It's possible. Our view, roughly flat to up slightly would be our view now after that inventory correction makes its way through in Q2 and Q3.
John Stauch: Yes. Mike, I'll tag team this one. And I think we talked openly last couple of years about the inefficiencies in our manufacturing process from not having our supply chain aligned to the volume demands. And those inefficiencies came from freight premiums to get product in and out as well as the overtime that we were running in our factories. As we were able to have more visibility and clarity on the demand throughout the channel, Mike, we were able to eliminate most of those inefficiencies. And spot buys are a big piece of what we are dealing with, too, and we saw huge positive impacts in Q1 regarding that. I share that because while we're getting some of the transformation benefits in pool, what really ups our confidence as most of the transformation benefits around the ongoing sourcing savings and the operational efficiencies really are in the later quarters and we have a lot of confidence that we're going to realize those in addition to these inefficiencies going away.
John Stauch: And as a reminder, when COVID evolved, I mean, the space that we're in took one of the bigger hits across the Pentair portfolio, right? So we're still dealing with global openings of restaurants, hospitality, gyms, et cetera. And that's really driving the trends in our foodservice operations, both with Manitowoc performance, but also with our Everpure filtration and our services operations as well. So really feel good that we've got visibility in this space and that we're coming together to solve some customer solutions in a way that make those customers want to continue to work with us.
John Stauch: Yes. As a reminder, we've had – part of this delta negative year-over-year is driven by our exits of our direct-to-consumer initiatives. But when you look at the core underlying residential water treatment trends, they're still positive and encouraging as people are looking for the best water that they can have in their homes. And when you look across your channels, we're still seeing modest growth across most of our end channels.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean we're excited about the new product offerings, as I mentioned, and getting the industry and the market again focused on those new products. I think when everybody is busy and things are active, you just kind of want to put in more of the products that you know very well. So we've been very actively training the dealer channels on the new IF3 Pump, as I mentioned in my comments, which was really the first product that has the Internet capability and WiFi and Bluetooth built into the pump itself, which allows us for some basic features that can be run without the full automation pad. The second one that we launched is – we're excited about our new IntelliCenter and the improvement in the IntelliCenter app, which we've been able to, again, get the channel excited about. And then the third element that we still have coming is a new filtration capability both for safety and clarity of space. So I think if we talk about winning, it's going to come from new products and having, again, the most innovative products for the channel and getting the channel excited to be partnered with Pentair to bring those to the consumers.
John Stauch: Yes. I'm extremely impressed with the IFT team both under Jerome's leadership when he was there and the way that De'Mon has continued to lead it. Our business leaders know that what we want is predictable growth and growth that comes both profitable on the project element but also brings with it the aftermarket and services component. So we've limited the growth opportunity to those projects that we feel like we can bring forward at a positive margin for Pentair and also then bring on those future businesses. So I think we feel good about the engagements we have with the customer space, the investments that are happening and the solutions we're providing, which again are taking waste to value. So, in most cases, these projects are bringing value to our end customers while they are investing in it. So, we're keeping an eye on it. You would expect higher interest rates to slow that industrial investment. But right now, from what we can see, the pipeline remains strong.
John Stauch: Yes. Nate, and if you look at order rates, our order rates there continue to be strong in the space. I don't think we would believe that our normal organic growth rates in the ice business will maintain at these levels. But right now, the visibility would suggest that getting back to being able to ship at the same order rates is where we're at today, and we'll begin to work that backlog down as we exit the year.
John Stauch: In the majority of our businesses across the majority of the high-running SKUs, we're back to normalized lead times. We still have a few specialized products and SKUs, but those are becoming fewer and fewer quarter-by-quarter.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean, I think, we're all expecting it. We don't have a huge commercial building offering. We generally provide the fire pumps and then the aftermarket service pumps into that space. And then we do have some pumps that connect the building of commercials back into the city water aspects. And yes, I think, we're anticipating that higher interest rates will put pressure on those buildings and the REITs that own them and the challenges in that space. But it's going to be a modest impact to Pentair just because of the size of the business offering we have there.
John Stauch: Yes. So I mean, first of all, relative size, this business has been really focused. We're talking about those two markets, Steve, being roughly around 300 and some change on an annualized basis for us, so just to frame what the teens growth would be. And I think these are projects that we won primarily to our focus around the aftermarket, the services. And again, as I mentioned, we're into larger irrigation, we're into industrial wastewater, and we're also into commercial buildings. That would be the end markets.
John Stauch: Well, I think it's probably in line with our expectations, but it's stronger than historical averages. Correct.
John Stauch: Steve, we don't anticipate that there is hardly any dealer inventory out in the channel anymore. And obviously, the financing that they are paying, they are working more of their jobs in the sense of how do they bill and pay in the same cycle. And so the inventory we are referring to is the channel inventory distributors. And based upon feedback and conversations, everybody is aligned to try and burn all that inventory by the end of Q3, which would mean for us, our normalized Q2 will be a lot lower than normal. And then we'd expect that to be gone and behind us by the end of Q3, meaning we're growing sequentially from Q3 to Q4 for Pool and then continue to grow from there as we head through 2024.
John Stauch: Low single digits, like more normalized based upon – I mean way too early to call it, but I mean, your general assumptions are making sure that you're selling the value, that you're going out and you're pricing effectively and you're being able to handle any fluctuations in commodity or labor wages.
John Stauch: Yes. And then, Scott, it's Q2 and Q3 and Q4, not Q1. I mean, Q1 related to the West weather, but most of all this adjustment is in Q2, Q3 and Q4.
John Stauch: Yes. I appreciate the question. I mean, first of all I'd say the fits and starts are more on the residential side. Global business and always experimenting or trying to think about how to go to market differently. We're now convinced that just accepting where we are with our pro channel, partner with their pro channel, drive leads to pro channel, that's our strategy in residential, and that's going to be consistent as we go forward. On the commercial side, we've always had a strong offering with our filtration products in Everpure and the RO systems that we sell into our commercial customers. What Manitowoc brings is added strength and capability across a wider selection of customers. And ultimately, we're able to discuss the end-to-end solutions that really drive productivity and value to our core OEM customers. So very excited and very pleased with the progress. And as a reminder, I mean, we're using the Manitowoc team to run that combined business. And we've integrated all those go-to-market strategies under one leadership team, and I believe that that's going to drive sustained value for our customers.
John Stauch: Yes. I think it's going to vary by geography and demographics. I think all of us that serve the channel, Deane, believe that there is some economic turmoil that could come from these current interest rates and the impact it has on varying degrees of consumers and buyers. And I think that's in Bob's expectation of the lower new Pool sales. Also, I think we're going to see it slightly impacting the remodeling space as well because a lot of those remodel pools might have used some form of home equity or some type of borrowing to do it. I think the bigger uncertainty is what happens to where interest rates are and when they settle out. So we're hopeful that we get clarity as we exit this year and people can predict what the longer-term interest rates will be.
John Stauch: Yes. We believe that they'll be at the more normalized areas. I mean, I think they're finishing up the backlog that they had that was pre-bought and they're out then probably trying to sell the remodeled pools and the upgrades on the pool equipment, which will bring us back into more, what I call normal pattern of how our dealer channel works to provide value for us and our consumers.
John Stauch: I think you nailed it. I think our year-over-year price contribution starts to anniversary some of the price increases we've put in midyear and three quarters away through last year. And you got it; we continue to see productivity sequentially getting better. And we think inflation starts to slide off here as it wraps around on year-over-year headwinds that it compares to.
John Stauch: Yes. Think about the biggest impact to Q2 and Q3 just being the inventory headwinds that we're experiencing. We'll still run up in Q4 of last year, some of the year-over-year challenges with early buy but will generally be slightly positive. And we'd expect to then have the tailwind of not having that inventory burn as we head into 2024.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean real quickly. I mean there's several revenue streams in IFT. And we've got our focus on the ones that are higher value. And yes, to your point we're being very critical to what projects we take on, which ones we don't. And as we start to work with our customers, I do think you'll be able to see this business produce on a regular basis low-single digits, in line with our expectations with more of that being value and less being a price contribution.
John Stauch: All right. Well, thank you for joining us. We know this is a busy earnings day. I just want to reiterate our earnings call key themes in case some missed part of our call. First, our diversified portfolio and transformation initiatives drove Q1 sales growth with margin expansion across all three segments. Second, we expect strength in our Water Solutions and IFT segments as well as transformation efficiencies to drive upside. Third, we raised the midpoint of our adjusted EPS guide due to Q1's strong start as well as our confidence in the sustainability of our performance, while acknowledging that we expect Pool to be softer than we had initially expected. Fourth, our transformation initiatives are expected to drive greater benefits later in full year 2023 and beyond, and we implement actions towards identified savings. And we expect to continue to deliver value creation beyond this 2023 fiscal year. Thank you, everyone, and enjoy your day.
