Randy Hogan: Yeah, thanks Deane. Basically if you take the industrial market that we follow most closely is of course our equipment protection business, and actually industrial and that business, industrial showed some increasing weakness in Valves & Controls as the quarter went. But really we saw a pronounced decline in March in the other industrial businesses, the sell through distribution, which we believe is some destocking and uncertainty as the knock-on effect, which we can see in valves as we saw the knock-on from oil and gas into some slowdowns in other projects and delays in other projects. So we think there is a bit of a knock on effect and uncertainty that has caused this and we do believe this destocking, we even saw some destocking in the residential and commercial side in flow. So we do believe that distribution has taken a cautious turn in their re-ordering in industrial and in some places in residential and commercial.
Randy Hogan: Well, we – particularly the downstream is bigger for us than upstream. So to see the oil and gas decline that we did and when we look at the projects we see a slowing in the orders rate across the board really. Our hit rate seems to be okay. But with the exceptions we pointed out, process, which we count as industrial, in North America was pretty good, but we saw a slowdown in process. In the fast growth markets we saw a slowdown in refining in the fast growth markets and now a lot of that is in specific countries like Brazil, which shouldn’t be much of a surprise. But we do think there is a knock-on effect and I think you can see it in oil and gas companies, who are basically constraining capital and [Indiscernible] constrains capital it is a blunter instrument than just precisely focused on projects. We also saw MRO decline, you know, single digits, but MRO sales in Valves & Controls generally has been up every quarter, and we actually saw a decline, which to us feels like a – obviously you have to maintain things. So, it feels like a slowdown in general capital spending to us in the downstream. We will see how this – if they see it too.
Randy Hogan: Yes, it was a comment about Valves & Controls, primarily the – our Valves & Controls ship later in projects cycles. And so, you know, every quarter we see projects get pushed out some because they don’t want the valves onsite until they are ready for them. But also usually there is some that get pulled in because projects speed up and slow down. So we always see a mix of delays and expedites in a quarter. We basically saw no expedites in the quarter. I would say delays were probably 20% higher than normal, but there were no expedites to offset it and that to me – that feels like to us just a general slowing on project execution. We have had some specifics, which I won’t get into, people exploring, we have had a few cancellations, but I can’t say that that is any – that is abnormal. You know, orders that we thought were going to go the projects we cancelled. But we are very cautious as to that was my comment about customers reviewing project pipelines. I think mergers in the industry affect that and the customers industry affects that and as they look at adjusting the capital obviously they’re going to take some projects off the list.
Randy Hogan: Yes. We do think it goes slightly negative still in some of our distribution business we still expect to gain normal price increase and we have those through and they’ve been accepted but we would expect any project and certainly areas where we got a bid on a cost to the price negative to the back half of the year.
Randy Hogan: On the comment about – concerned about cost cut getting into growth we are very cautious about touching our growth resources but what we are doing is, I am personally redoubling my efforts with our platform, we’re using our precedence to make sure that those investments we made are paying off. I didn't see enough read out of some of them in the first quarter.
Randy Hogan: Yeah we also don't think that the – we think - -we don't think the MRO declines on the first quarter this sounds like one orbit plan, is going to be as acute as it was in the third quarter, as it was in the first quarter.
Randy Hogan: Right I mean we can only use the part or one so if we can't use our M&A then we will have through that but if we use that when we won’t have M&A.
Randy Hogan: And I would just add to that I think all the investment tasks could be considered now in the fact of where are the cost basis and while ago you wouldn't have thought of investing in Europe and look at the new competitive nature of how the European factories on the global basis are competitive again and all that gets paused to people to say where do I put my investment and what is my likely return is going to be. So I think there is a lot of uncertainty out there that needs to be worked through. I think we feel good that energy as long term is a great investment cycle and we are going to see that rebound and we also think the industrial cycle long term will rebound. We are not just planning for 2015.
Randy Hogan: So couple of things, if I am just going to add to that is the decline in oil prices has led to some good declines in prices in resins. We want to make sure that we are getting the benefit of that. The change in FX means say we are buying something in dollars today if we can get it from supplier who is making in the Euros or the Canadian dollar that can be a transactional benefit to us. So, I mean that's those are the kind of things that we have been working as we said because of the productivity gets defer to the balance sheet to the shipment. So, I mean, we actually feel pretty good about our material productivity, we feel good about the actions our team is taking even beyond what they have already booked in the balance sheet.
Randy Hogan: The way we look at it is we benchmark against the best and you can look at our businesses and you can see two of our GBUs that do not have margins close to the best of the peers and that would be on filtration solutions GBU in our Valves and Controls GBU. So these are not plans that we invent in the moment. These are long range plans that we accelerate it. The – we have ambitions to get to the valves and control business to be the best among the bests in right margin so that's a roadmap that we have contemplated for some time and it’s just the matter of in this environment that you accelerate and we have done that before.
Randy Hogan: Well we have talked in Valves and Controls I mean I don't want people to think I am hallucinating given the first quarter we just had you know valves and controls was well above 15% margin we got it to 45 with lots of more opportunities. So we have talked about a number of well north of 15 but I don't want to give that again because I think it might lack credibility right now.
Randy Hogan: Well, I mean most MROs is maintenance related and you can defer maintenance for a little while but you can't defer it forever and I mean there are – these are industries that care a lot about safety and so we believe that its MRO side is one that should be at least zero, and it wasn't it was negative and it has been positive right up until the first quarter. So that's why I mean I kind of view it as the same thing of destocking in distribution that can't go on forever.
Randy Hogan: Yes, I think it’s right sizing the shippable backlog and timing that out I mean I think there is most certainty as you move into Q2, Q3 and Q4 with what that backlog produces. We are not expecting a significant order rate in the back half of the year to be helping our revenues this year and we think you can't unless you are going to cancel the job you can't push these projects out for a while some of these are so far along and that will be – we’re pretty confident that we ship, it’s just the matter of the timing of when they are going to ship. So clearly we are taking a look at current run rate and you can look at the current run rates that we are seeing in Q1 and Q2 and take a look at the seasonality bumps that we normally see we are not expecting those seasonality bumps that usually happen to Q3 and Q4 at the full year capital projects finish out to be consistent with where they were in prior years.
John Stauch: Joe just to clarify its John. I think some of the Valves and Controls as we call Q3 and Q4 were not great quarters for us, so we started to see some of the slowdown from the order shortfalls in last Q1 and Q2, start to work its way in Q3 and Q4. So, some of those comps and Valves and Controls gets a little bit better, same thing in industrial (indiscernible) business solid backlog that we feel comfortable is going to continue to shift throughout the year. And then, residential commercial has been strong as Randy said in Water Quality Systems and we also start to anniversary some of the tougher headwinds in our flow and filtration solutions. I think we’ve looked at the organic growth and although we don’t see if we took a 90 day rolling average of historical sales we don’t see that improving throughout the year. We do think that gives us a little bit easier comparison to the back half of the year.
John Stauch: We think it continues in the Q2 for us, I mean, we look at some of the same bell weathers that you guys do in the industrial distribution side, I think they saw the slowdown a little later then we did and they started to correct as Randy mentioned and that started to work its way through our March shipments, we expect that to continue through April and May.
John Stauch: Yes. These are new actions incremental to the things we’re working already in synergies and in fact as Randy and I met with the business precedence we’re still hopeful and our sales people are still hopeful that things going to improve throughout the year, we’re trying to be hopeful as we were trained, hope it’s not a plan and we think our view now is react to this new economic uncertainty and take the cost out. So which you’re seeing in G&A and then some entry into footprint actions finally in our Valves and Controls and other businesses where we can get after some product line moves and get ourselves right sized and competitive. As Randy mentioned in his remarks and I followed up, I mean, we now expect pricing to be the new norm in Valves and Controls and so even the projects that we’re anticipating wining we’re expecting to come at lower margins and so we’ve to accelerate our competiveness to continue to bring those projects in at the same drop through that we anticipated for.
John Stauch: Let me talk about 2000 – we think, we were very cautious on orders through the year which we think will effect Valves and Control sales in 2016. So, we don’t see a change really in sort of things going faster or slower, I think it’s going to be a tough year on order and we’re going to do everything we can do to win in a discipline way which will put switching the price. We already see pricing and you already heard about what customers are asking in terms of pricing. It might not just be in Valves and Controls, I mean, one of the things that effects does is if you’re, the example I used in – which was a surprise, it won’t be a surprise next time in terms of the transactional impact of effects that was an impact in our technical solutions business. Technical solutions really did pretty well in the quarter but we had a few surprises that being one that was a Canadian dollar transaction in the U.S. dollar cost and that hits prices. And as competitors as foreign, as non-U.S. competitors start using their change in cost advantage, price advantage we expect the challenging price environment in more than just Valves and Controls.
John Stauch: We’ve good material productivity that’s hung up on the balance sheet so that will get more productivity as we go through the year too which will help offset some of that price. But, we think it’s a more cautious plan to assume, we’re going to see tougher pricing environment.
John Stauch: I don’t know, I think we’re – to address the previous question, we’re getting after the cost in aggressive way to continue to be competitive, so we’re anticipating a tougher environment on the quotes and we’ve got to have more cost competitiveness and so we’re looking to our suppliers to participate as we’re being after participate and we’re also looking on our own cost structure and trying to be more competitive within that cost structure. So, the goal here is to continue to improve margins even with the decline of the revenue and we’re going to have to be very aggressive to accomplish that.
John Stauch: Yes. Basically we’re relying on working capital inventories to support the higher sales level and needs to be corrected and we know how.
John Stauch: Yes Steve, I do want to be – I want to clarify something. I think we expect we have done really well in material productivity we expect material productivity to do even better going forward. We can see that and what we call the deferred productivity as Randy said what’s done in Q1, but its hung up in balance sheet and we work its way in a positive way throughout the rest of the year. We’re continuing to partner with our suppliers to anticipate these potential pricing headwinds and the pricing is an anticipated pricing. It’s not realized so we are expecting that environment is going to be tougher and we are managing it appropriately as when I want you to take away. In addition we are saying if it continues to get more competitive we have to be more competitive and therefore the other actions that we are taking to make sure the long term our margins are still very high.
John Stauch: One thing is that given how difficult and uncertain things are sometimes opportunities become available that weren't available before so it’s actually a good time to be looking but to your question how are we sure that we are ready, we that's one of the reason I put in the comments that we did in the prepared remarks on the small acquisition we just made, -- this is a good example, our thermal building solutions businesses is a growth business. We have some great innovations there and had a great year in growth last year. We expect to have a great year growth this year. This business built on is augment that are offering gives us more to put through our distribution channel. So, it fit those five questions, it fit our strategy well so there are strategy to drive growth, profitable growth it fit it well. The financials may think, we were able to do that deal with the comfortable set of financials that we know we can execute. We were the right buyers. We have the best fit that's why the financials work the best. And the last two things, we don't do a deal unless one we understand how we are going to integrate into the company and then two, we know who is going to in-charge be -- the in-charge of the integration and we trust them to execute it well. And so we are going to keep that – keep to that discipline and make sure that might start at the bottom and say which businesses are ready, which businesses are more strategically ready and capacity ready and we always do that but I think you should all count on this to continue to put that first.
John Stauch: Yeah its fair question. Thanks for asking it. I think its couple of things and couple of factors in here, Valves and Controls is experiencing more challenging entering into environment, we are also experiencing some key wins in technical solution primarily around industrial e-trace so these are down streams and later projects there are productivity related and we are starting to see a pickup in that area. So, we do have a mix of where the projects are coming through our typical businesses but all in we have backlogs and those backlogs give us confidence that this is not only appropriate number that we will ship this year.
John Stauch: We feel optimistic. We have been working for fair amount of time as Randy said we have what we call platforms or businesses underneath the four segments that are high performing both in revenue and also on the operating side and we want to continue to feed the core and we have enough in the pipeline that would give us the feeling that we are going to execute on some of those throughout the year if in fact we don't feel that those are going to come through we are not going to execute clearly we would take a look again at share repurchases.
John Stauch: Starting with that North America was strong in process in industrial as well stronger and L&G was a nice pick up. We had a particular focus on North America and we have actually invested in coverage there and I think that actually helped in Valves and Controls when – few years ago when we first got into it, it looked like our coverage and our share in North America was weaker than it was in other so that's an investment that I think is actually has paid off a little bit. It’s obviously – somewhat by the overall trends. But on the fast growth side both China and Brazil we’re down significant double-digits in the quarter. And Brazil I guess isn’t that surprising, but China was more surprising than we expected and that was in chemicals as well as in oil and gas in industrial.
John Stauch: Well, I think the oil and gas industry is one of the biggest drivers in capital spending in the world and I think it’s the uncertain here on the knock-on effect and there is a lot of cuts and there is a high degree of caution and uncertainty about – well, there is projects that are getting delayed and won’t get done but just concern about what all that mean we believe that is the fact and that's why we think destocking. When we see in industrial space where we kind of exclusively distributors we were pretty confident that there is destocking effect going on. But we also – we have seen delays in not just oil and gas we have seen continued delays in deferrals and power. And I think that has more to do with the general need for electricity and the fact that the economy generally is just buttering along in the world and electricity needs grow with the economy so we have had a lot of power projects that are just delayed, delayed, delayed and the fact that percent delays in the first quarter in power were in the projects that we tracked whereas the percent delays was high in oil and gas.
John Stauch: Yes, I think clearly global commodity prices are not increasing as Randy mentioned we don't want to use the word deflation yet but it feels like we are heading a little bit more into deflation area environment and so we are put our main suppliers on notice that we all have to work competitively to reduce our cost structures and certainly in the long cycle businesses we usually are participate in the “going in and asking everybody to participate with you” so we have our supply base primarily in those long cycle businesses that we certainly put on notice early, we tell them where we are in the quoting cycle and they are prepared, they being in the same headlines we all are and they know what’s coming so we just all have to be more productive and we all have to participate to win the orders.
John Stauch: Nathan I think just to finalize this question I don't think this is unique to us and that's my point. I think the industry in itself is going to go through it together and so we are all going to be dealing with the same dynamics and I think we are prepared for it and we are anticipating to be prepared for it and we are making sure that all our partners are prepared for it.
John Stauch: To clarify the on the point about where we are being very discipline that's in water, that's in large pumps infrastructure. Large infrastructure pumps. It wasn't I might haven't – I am going to have it blend it together with a sentence before the residential and commercial but just to clarify that comment was about basically our large engineered flow pumps and they had loss on pricing, we felt took some things on lower margins so we changed that and we have more discipline now. We make those products in Europe. Those are more competitive we make those products in North America and in Mexico and well Mexico is good in North America is less competitive. So we are trying to keep pricing disciplines that reflect our margin goals but also where we make things in that infrastructure space. On the residential and commercial side, I would say we haven't really seen pricing pressure. We feel pretty good about that. There are some of the areas that were weaker in residential or not in North America, Europe and Middle East but we think Europe is actually showing some signs of life in residential and commercial that we didn't see it clearly in the first quarter. But we saw some promising signs. So, I would say that pricing is really more of a concern in energy and in industrial not in residential and commercial.
John Stauch: Right. I don't think, we haven’t seen any kind of trend in that regard at all because ours is mostly replacement in parts there is some service, in sort service but on the replacement which is replacing whole valves or whole servicing on existing valves that's I mean the parts for service valves. They have come back and our service revenue was not the issue. It was the parts and replacement valves that was down.
John Stauch: We have seen that before the decline in oil prices, we saw some more uses on – particularly on with close of the commodity products throughout the more commodity products and we expect that particularly where companies go to the EPCs for fixed bids. The EPCs have for some time used that as a focus to try to drive profit into their box frame. So that doesn’t always pay off in launch in Valves – don't work but we have seen that in the Middle East. We have seen that in Asia for a long time and we expect that will just continue.
John Stauch: Yes, I think the discipline is, we forecast where we are going to be in organic growth and we certainly look at right sizing labor and the variable cost associated with what those declines would be and then we also take a look at our fixed cost structures and our plans on where we want to be on standardization and we accelerate those based upon where we are on our ratios I mean when you are declining you got to hold margin and to hold margin you got to take your cost out at the rate of sales and then sum. So again we are – we have $6.5 billion in the company in sales and when you take a look at this as a percentage overall cost we are still relatively modest as far as the cost take out on the percentage cost and we have been pretty clear that the more we saw on the standardization front the more opportunities we actually saw in front of it.
John Stauch: Well, I mean two roughly – keep in mind we are outside the United States, so it’s not as relevant but we have roughly $100 million of cash that we hold in any given time under 150 and most of that is international are outside the U.S.
John Stauch: I am – I guess Chris I would say again we don't think it’s going to be unique to us and we think we are in the forward looking piece of it and I think if you are in this industry and space as you are not anticipating and I think it’s going to be a challenge later and so we feel like we have pushed the business to accept the reality of where we are and to get on with the solutions that would be required to still maintain competitiveness and bake the margins that we expect within that environment. We are hopeful we’re wrong, but I think the worse case is if we are wrong we feel like there is upside to it. I wouldn't want to be anticipating it not coming and then have to rely on the back half of the year to take the cost out. So, I think the fact that we are dealing with it now and right sizing where we think the businesses are, I think it’s going to put us in much better position for 2015 and 2016.
John Stauch: We are probably most confident about the MRO which you know in any given years call it a billion dollar of business and we feel like that's within a deviation certainly going to be closed to right around where it was last year if not slightly better on a core basis. And then, the projects are coming out of the shippable backlog from that shipment timing.
