John Stauch: Very small, 10 basis points, 15 basis points. What we do is we basically a take five quarter average of the ROICs we blended in. So we don't have the full investment base of CPT in yet either, but there isn't a full benefit from the goodwill reduction within the Residential Filtration business either.
John Stauch: If we take a look at Q4, we did as we shared in December see a pretty steep decline in November and we did have a nice recovery in December. And so while Western Europe is still a challenge for us in the first part of 2012, we did see a distributor reaction based upon the economic outlook in Europe that we think impacted us, primarily as Randy mentioned, Residential Filtration. As we look out to 2012 at the muni market, we still think it's down to single digits globally. Clearly, a customer base that doesn't have a lot of money. Break and fix will probably still get done, but large projects that have been anticipated continue to get the lag. So we're still anticipating a tough outlook for the municipal market for 2012.
John Stauch: It's a combination. First of all, we do about $130 million and $140 million in China. So our growth rate is still strong in the 20s on the volume basis. Obviously we're coming from a little lower base than some more established organizations. But it is continuing to add distributors, adding new customers. And as Randy mentioned in his comments, we've got more localized content with more localized production with more localized marketing application. And then I think there is a lot to this one-Pentair aspect in serving the customer the way the customer wants to be served. So all those things factoring in and we still see a pretty strong outlook for our products and technologies for 2012.
John Stauch: The Tech Products, we knew it was going to be low growth, because we knew what communications impact was. I mean it really came in the way we thought it would, with the low single-digit growth in the fourth quarter in Tech Products. In terms of Water, what caused us to trim our guidance in December was the fact that Western Europe was a lot weaker. And we saw weakening in November. And in December it was still weaker, but not as weak as it was in November. Muni came in the way we thought it was going to be, but it was weak and we expected it to be weak. The surprise for us in the quarter was how much weaker Western Europe gone in the Residential Business in November and December.
John Stauch: I'll hit the growth, we still and if you take a look at point of entry products which the valves and tanks, they were flattish for the year. They were up slightly in Q1 and Q2 and a big correction in Q3 and Q4. So when you take a look at the outlook for next year, we still think we'll be flattish on that side of the business. And we got strong double-digit growth on the fast growth markets on the point of use. So this business is still expected to grow mid-single digits. The challenge is to make a lot of money and the piece that's flattish. And we're starting to make good money on the piece that's growing internationally in the fast growth space.
John Stauch: We're nowhere near the covenant levels. And if you take a look at the debt levels versus the 500 plus of EBITDA, we're nowhere near the numbers that you're referring to. And well within those bank limits and most of those bank limits allow for non-cash adjustments anyway.
John Stauch: Yes, if you take a look at this product line what we call the purification on the one side which is basically the Residential Filtration and the rest. And what we've really done is we've taken Nijhuis out of that and put it up in the Flow. So we have a strong technically focused group that includes the higher tech side of CPT.
John Stauch: We're going to see the first rollout of the nanofiltration about midyear and we think that application is going to be an exciting one. And as you recall, a few years ago we built and RO system in Vietnam to basically remove silica for feed water for new power plant in Vietnam. And RO is a sledgehammer as we've talked about before. But this first application is aimed at more technical removal like silica, that plant would cost less than half of it would applying in nanofiltration solution. So we think that there is a whole range of solutions for that that are going to be very exciting. We're also very excited about the anaerobic MBR. The anaerobic MBR and the CO2 removal in beverage and in another food process is a huge opportunity to improve the efficiency as well as the environmental footprint of all of these plants. And we've talked before about the yoghurt plant in the U.S. with the Anaerobic-MBR, it's very, very exciting. We've already sold two more. So that's something we're very excited about.
John Stauch: As we mentioned, just more of the 20% in water is fast growth that we think is going to grow at least 15%.
John Stauch: If you take the Engineered Flow business, I think you're down mid-single digits to flat, with exports around commercial being a little stronger than they were in 2011. And then you've got what we think is a continued muni headwind of around 5 points of decline. Residential Flow grew mid-single digits last year. We still think it's growing mid-single digit this year, helped by agriculture, which we think continues to grow double-digit. When we a look at Residential Filtration, we mentioned mid-single digits with a lot of its fast growth penetration offsetting which is likely to be flattish developed market shipments. Who we still think will be high-single digits based upon trends in the market, all the factors around the dealers, certainly the energy efficiency place that Randy mentioned, we don't see significant slowdown in what would be high-single digits growth rate in our pool business. And we've also got the agriculture penetration that Randy mentioned. All in all, I think we grew overall volume in water last year as roughly 5% all-in for water, absent price in the foreign exchange and acquisitions that we think is about a point lower at around 4% this year.
John Stauch: You're talking about everything that's either in or planned at the moment. I mean it's anticipated and it's lined up.
John Stauch: Just to give you numbers, think of point-of-entry which is the valves and tanks and water softeners as being about 60% of the business and the other 40% in what we call point-of-use. And the rest of the world solved their drinking water issue at the point-of-use and the one particular area they're going to drink from because of the cost and also footprint issues. And so that part of the market and the technology there is doing exceptionally well. I still think we feel that the rest of the business will recover. There is a need for it. It's 10% to 15% penetrated in North American market. It's right now struggling to get financing and that's challenging both the price point and the penetration rate.
John Stauch: Well, I think we're looking at two different things. We had a series of business we combined in the residential period where the residential housing market in North America was at two-point-some-million. So there was certain expectations and valuations of the things we put on the balance sheet that reflected that. I think where we're with CPT is obviously looking how into industrial process and some things that I think are a little bit more predictable as far as what their revenue contribution could be. I mean trying to say it's 20-20, but it's hard think back to 2 million housing starts going all the way down to mid-400s. When we got to 2008 and we revalued and put the GE business in our fold, we had what we felt was a realistic view of the residential market, but it was significantly higher than where we are today. So we still feel that we're long-term going to hit the value of the business, but it's getting harder and harder and therefore why we took the charge to get the accounting of perspective to agree with our particular views of where residential is going to go. So I think we're in good shape with CPT. Clearly, it's going to be about executing and all the things that we shared with you and internally to our strategic plan.
John Stauch: Well, our first goal has always been to support CapEx inside the business. The rest would be to support our strategic initiatives.
John Stauch: We're looking at roughly 5% to 7%-ish this year. So I think every year, that's going to reflect the different type of economic outlook. But we still believe that we're sitting there with our growth outlook this year and we continue to draw our cash and the ability to augment that and the strategic initiatives that Randy mentioned.
Randy Hogan: The biggest drivers of that are they really are lean champions and they had good price and they had real positive mix. The declining communications, communications is the lowest margin. So they had a positive mix shift. That helps too. So yes, you can expect it to drop more than normal rate. I still think high end of that normal rate. They are solid, solid business.
Randy Hogan: Well, let me start with that. Our M&A focus continues to be in the areas of technology. What we're learning is that there is some more attractive businesses like dairy-like industry. Those have the highest margins and they have really good growth fundamentals. We're looking at applying anaerobic MBRs into a broad array of industries and we have market-leading capability there, the CO2 recovery, same thing. The realignment is really to do a couple of things. Number one, it's to allow us to get some cost synergies from the CPT acquisition. The Nijhuis business that we bought, which is really a pump business, we get more synergies by aligning it with our pump businesses. And as we look at that, we look at our high-performing Residential Flow business and our struggling Engineered Flow business, we saw an opportunity to take cost up by putting them all back together. And it was particularly relevant as we look to globalizing. We have a lot of brands in the U.S., for instance. Their channels are well established. But as we go overseas, we had gaps in coverage and we had conflicts in brands that we can make coherent by managing it as one unified piece. So that's the answer in Flow. In terms of Filtration, we still have two GBUs in Filtration: one, the Residential Filtration; and two, the more technical process solutions. There are similar technologies, but the applications and go-to-market are very different, ones that imply capability and the other one is more through distribution. But again, as we go to these new countries, we want to go to Pentair. We don't want to go to individual GBUs. So that's the other big change we're making here. So in China, we are Pentair. We are not Pentair Residential Filtration. We're not CPT. We are Pentair. And we see big leverage there. For instance, I was recently in Chongqing, 32 million people. We only had three salespeople and they were all Residential Filtration. It's an industrial capital of the city. It's a huge opportunity for us. So we need to be there as Pentair for Pentair. And that's a big part of the realignment. And then finally, the focus on pool leading our efforts in agriculture, because we already sell 20 million, 25 million worth of equipment with the RAS segment of agriculture with the use as pool equipment. And actually, our advanced pool equipment helps raise the yields in those applications. So we're quite excited about that and we saw that name change better captured where we're investing on our platforms. So we're seeing the benefits both in terms of cost and in terms of prioritized investments and being Pentair, not individual GBUs in the markets.
Randy Hogan: All of those things are really more than offsetting. What we have seen, which is some of our more established distributors having more difficult, as no surprise here, getting financing to put in inventory. That is the impact of the government being more strict about where monies go. So we have seen that too. But as John aptly described, the new initiatives and the new coverage is where it will sway.
Randy Hogan: No, its not. Ironically, the year-olds ending or ended 2011 starting in January, about where it was last year, I think the difference is that we just don't see it spiking in Q2 the way it ran up last year.
Randy Hogan: And Scott, just to add to that, we usually expect and see summary stocking in Q3 due to the season within Residential and Residential Filtration working its way out more in the summer months. We don't usually see in November a sort of correction, and that's what caught us off guard in the Q4 with the November correction primarily in Residential Filtration distributed base and as we mentioned those tanks and valves specifically.
Randy Hogan: Let me start with the JV. The Residential Filtration is the JV. We set that up in mid-2008 and with the expectation that housing was going to strengthen and we would have the clear market leading position particularly in the developed world. And we have that. We have that position. We've actually made great progress in terms of new products and innovation and going global, particularly with a point of use product. The problem was that U.S. market didn't come back for that business. And the western European market got worse. It's that simple. So strategically and if you will in terms of the initiatives we're investing in that business, that business has done everything we expected it to do and it has been very aggressive on taking cost out too. So it really singularly is driven by the housing downturn going longer and having a greater impact on water softeners and basically water softener is something that, if you lose your well pump or you lose an injector pump or you lose a trash pump, if you have a grinder, you're going to replace it. If your water softener goes out, you can buy bottle water. It's more discretionary purchase and that's really the whole impact there.
Randy Hogan: Well, we moved Homespring. Now we make that in China. We improved margins dramatically. It's an exciting product. It's still at a price point where and it is a discretionary purchase, so it's where I think now with our lower cost, we can be more aggressive in terms of pushing it in. We're also very excited about the Hybrid DI which we showed at the Aquatech Show. We call it Hybrid DI because it not only replaces a softener, it does some of the same characteristics as in RO systems. For the first time, we'll have it and introduce this year a solution for those communities that don't want to have salt discharge anymore. And we think that the opportunity that that presents is enormous. And again, we'll be commercial on that maybe this year. So there are some exciting things going on in that business.
Randy Hogan: If we characterized it that way, that was certainly not intended, our intent was to get to know the business before we made decisions on how to run it. So we wanted to do is run it throughout the year and get to know the business intimately. So that when we did make changes they were smart changes not some kind of top-down corporate America, slam down changes, which many of us have seen before. So the intent always was once we understood Nijhuis and the dynamics to how Nijhuis, the pump business, worked with the waterside of CPT was to say how can we get synergy. And as you know, we ended up selling some Nijhuis pumps through our Engineered Flow sales force. This was much more natural in terms of what we've done here. And we took some cost structure out when we did. So this is perfectly to plan.
Randy Hogan: Part of it is I would call it cultural organizational training. There was a business that always focused on the year and so the fourth quarter was the crescendo and then they kind of paused in the first quarter. A lot of the first quarter business, at least as we look at it traditionally for that business was our pump business in countries that we longer do business in. But we exited those businesses, those countries. And so we're not getting that business which would typically be in the first quarter. So it's a seasonally weak quarter. We'll see overtime whether that will continue or whether will end up flattening things out as they go. But that will come with the knowledge and work.
Randy Hogan: Particularly as we drive our lean disciplines. The first thing that hit me with was capital expenditure request because they were out of capacity. We've already run three lean events and we've created about 20% capacity. As we get to more of a lean kind of a pulse from the business, I would hope we could flatten things out and then create capacity and use it earlier in the year.
Randy Hogan: We don't think in the fourth quarter that we saw a lot of pull ahead, because in fact the carryover of orders into the first quarter were stronger than they were year ago. In the fourth quarter we had stronger regular orders as opposed to early buy which means that's selling though. And that could be because of the drier weather. But it also could mean, just that we've returned to a more normal application, 30 utilities driving rebates to drive energy is pretty compelling. And 400 additional dealers that we've got in place to drive because of our superior solutions is really why we think we're outgrowing the market.
Randy Hogan: We still expect double-digit growth. There is a impact on it, Terry. I mean when we were at about (technical difficulty) CPT and we're now about 30-ish. So there is that impact. But other than that, core volume is roughly the same.
Randy Hogan: We got a plethora of opportunities in CPT and what we're doing is prioritizing those that have repetitive sales after them. So things that we can do and sell and then have a repetitive sell-through in the industrial cycle. And the second one is backing away from some of the lower margin aspects and a lot of those happen to be in muni where you're solving water issue once and you don't have that repetitive sales. What you're seeing in Q1 is just a little bit more FX headwind on the business and a little less Western Europe volume. But we're starting to ramp the backlog in the business and we feel pretty good about the second half opportunity there.
Randy Hogan: I just used a couple of examples with basically the nanofilter we're launching mid-year is going to be a superior product to put into ultra-pure applications. I just used some of the simpler ones, if you would, as the examples, because they're real-time and we're already selling them. But no, we still see opportunities there and we're still excited about.
Randy Hogan: It's like the Hybrid DI is going to have high margins and it's going to enter at the high end. And ultimately as we get changed in some places where you'll need to put them in, it will have a ramp, as I said before on another call, it's not going to have iPad kind of a ramp. But it's going to have a very profound impact over time on how people solve treatment problems, particularly in areas where discharges is an issue, which basically means anyplace that's arid and have water shortage problems.
Randy Hogan: I would say it's 80% of the CPT margin headwind and the rest, which is a little bit of the Western Europe headwind, will make pretty good margins. That's it. I don't want to overcomplicate it. We're anniversarying and putting CPT for the first time in the first half of the year. It's not going to make majority of their income. And as we mentioned, we'll be improving that as we go forward. But it's going to have a margin headwind hopefully one last time in Q1 and early Q2.
