Bob Fishman: As we said in the prepared remarks, price is reading out nicely, in both of our segments. Unfortunately inflation continues to be a headwind as we look at the fourth quarter. I think that, Consumer Solutions, there’s probably the bigger impact of the margin challenge with the bigger backlog. And the fact that, prices reading out a little bit more slowly in that business. I think we’ll continue to see a challenged margin at least in the fourth quarter. For I&FT they have some really nice productivity improvements. And so margins should continue to improve even though inflation continues to be a challenge. 
Bob Fishman: The guide for Q4 from our perspective is roughly flat since sequentially is kind of, how we think about it. We have a little bit of challenges in terms of the seasonality of some of the residential businesses, but to be honest that the backlog is so healthy going into the fourth quarter, that it’s really about the supply chain and the material challenges that we face. So the business continues to be very healthy from a demand and backlog perspective. We are seeing some seasonality in the fourth quarter about residential. It really does come down to the supply chain.
Bob Fishman: Yes. We don’t expect a significant early order program in the fourth quarter. There might be pockets, but at this point, nowhere near the size that it’s been historically.
Bob Fishman: Again, we’re not in a position today to provide the 2022 guidance, but what we do have a number of tailwinds in place, we talked about that the strong backlog on entering the year. We’ve also is as you’d expect with the supply chain challenges, having the number of inefficiencies this year and that’ll help the P&L. And then probably most importantly, the transformation initiative that we talked about should be a tailwind as well for 2022.
Bob Fishman: No, that is our goal is to get back to that, as quickly as we can. And certainly, doing better from a price and inflation perspective is important, but also the transformation is a key part of our margin expansion story.
Bob Fishman: The headlights into the business on material challenges and inflation, could continue to really be a challenge. I would say, getting the material and that we need to drive the demand that we’re seeing is as much a challenge in Q4 is it, as it was in Q3. Inflation continues to trend higher and maybe a little bit more visibility on that, but not a whole lot better in Q4 than Q3. 
Bob Fishman: Yes, as John mentioned, a lot of the productivity improvements that we’ve seen in Q3, and we’ll see in Q4 related to the operating leverage as 2022 plays out, it’s really seeing some of the benefits around the pricing, the sourcing that the manufacturing and distribution efficiencies and the organization as John described it. So those would continue to be that the levers as we move into 2022.
Bob Fishman: Yes. So then we continue to invest in these throughout 2021. And as we lean into 2022, I think it’s fair to assume that, as I mentioned in the organizational enablement side, that we would expect that some of the traditional ways that we did things would be the funding mechanism for the new ways that we need to do things. So, I don’t see it stepping up significantly from here. And I think we have to find a way to self-fund it as we look into next year and then into 2023.
Bob Fishman: Yes, we would say that, we would add freight and some of the challenges that we mentioned adding to the inflation headwind, but you’re right, that the resins, the electronics those types of products continue to be higher inflation. 
Bob Fishman: Those were – yes, and those were my prepared remarks. So, I will take the, take the lead on this particular question. The dealers booked into Q3 of next year includes, both the new and remodeled pool. So seeing strong demand in those two areas.
John Stauch: The other point I would make is, and you saw a little this in the quarter, despite KBI being a very strategic acquisition, it is a services business, services businesses don’t have the large margin profile. And so it’s not going to have the same margin profiles, Consumer Solutions. So it is slightly dilutive to margins. And as we bring Pleatco in as well, even though it’s a really highly valuable asset and one that we think is going to have great runway in the aftermarket side, it will also have a lower margin profile than Consumer Solutions today. So both of those will be a slight drag on the margins, but on both are various strategic tuck-ins that we think add significant value over the long time.
John Stauch: It’s hard to answer that. I mean, I think, we’re not the capacity challenge, right? Our factories have capacity to meet the demand. We’re still working through the supply chain. And as we mentioned in Bob’s remarks, I mean the supply chain is hugely volatile right now. Even when we can get supply, we have to worry about ports. We have to worry about freight. We have to worry about transportation. So, we’ve got a real lumpiness as far as what’s coming in each day and we’re doing the best we can. And the teams are, I’m really proud of the team’s agility to move forward and deliver again, a really solid quarter in the wake of challenged supply chain areas. So, I can’t answer the capacity issue, but we have plenty of capacity lost within our buildings.
John Stauch: Yes, I think we, obviously too early to guide on 2022 right now, but given where we are with inflation and, as I said more inflation in Q3 than all of last year combined. And, even though we planned for doubling inflation, we’re in the quadrupling and quintupling range, which is startling, right? And so I do think with the supply chain logistics, we should anticipate that inflation continues to grow in the next year and therefore, we would continue to price to hopefully offset that inflation. And so, yes, I think the ranges that you’re suggesting are more the probable direction.
John Stauch: It’s really balanced. I mean, we’re seeing new pool builds, which is obviously driving pool growth. We’re seeing expansion of the pad, as we’ve been mentioned all year, which is driving pool growth and adoption and usage, which is on driving pool growth. So it’s across the spectrum of both new pools and aftermarket consistently.
John Stauch: Yes. Mike its John, I think without a doubt, you mentioned, I think the funnel is healthy and there’s a lot of M&A activity. While we’re not going to necessarily accomplish everything, I think we want to be active and we want to be focused on our SGI activities. So that’s where we’re at right now. And, if in fact those, the pricing gets too lofty or they’re not the right deals for us, I think we’d lean back into utilizing, the cash on the share buyback side. In addition to our normalized targets that we publish as 150 a year.
John Stauch: Yes, just to clarify, we have just the complete Pleatco is roughly $20 million of contribution in Q4. So it’s relatively modest, on a full year basis, we think that’s close to a $100 million, but we’re not going to have it this whole quarter. And, it’s about two-thirds pool and it’s about one-third Industrial Filtration that’s where I would share with you what that contribution is. Let’s, as Bob said, we don’t think we see the supply chain ramping up between Q3 and Q4 while there’s still this strong demand. We don’t think it’s prudent to anticipate that we would ship more in Q4, given that there’s holiday seasons that are also, clamoring for the same ports and the same freight routes that we’re trying to get to. So, we’re doing the best we can to sequentially improve every single quarter. And I think we made great progress from last year into Q1 to Q2 to Q3. And now what we’re suggesting is it’s wise to think that we’re flattish in our ability to get product out the door from Q4 to Q3. The seasonality of the businesses, which is normal, is more of our service businesses. The businesses, that go into people’s homes to treat water treatment. And those businesses are seasonal. Not too many people look to do that over the holiday season. And as Bob mentioned, that’s why we usually see a Q3 to Q4 dip in those particular offerings. So normal seasonality with the belief that we’re not going to raise our expectations beyond what we delivered in Q3.
John Stauch: As we’ve mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have had multiple price increases this year to offset the inflation. We’ll continue to follow that process into next year, where as inflation trends higher, we will pass along that the price of that headwind.
John Stauch: Part of that is with the, with the significant backlog we have, it’s not prudent to think about adding more to it. So, we worked with our channel partners around, certain stocking areas differently than we worked with our channel partners around where they already had significant demands on us. And we were just trying to meet those demands. So that’s the point that I want to make sure that we emphasize that program is usually a level of the factories. And there’s no need to do that since we’re trying to be full out on the supply chain right now.
John Stauch: I would suggest that, the incremental backlog over last year that we’ve now reported would be the gap that we’re trying to get through. Right? I mean, we have typical backlog businesses, and then we have more book and ship businesses, and then the book and ship businesses, which is primarily the residential. We’re not able to get everything out that our customers want every quarter. And so we start the quarter off and in a backlog situation, continue to add orders to it, ship as much as we can. And then we’re still having those rich backlogs, which are a combination of demand and the inability of the supply chain to meet that demand.
John Stauch: Yes, and just Pleatco specifically, which you asked, just think about it roughly a $100 million of revenue give or take and around and think about roughly 20% and a little bit of interest headwind given the fact that most that’s cash and you can get yourself into, what you think accretion might be, obviously we’ll be doing some integration work, which will offset that slightly, but that gives you a general direction of that asset.
John Stauch: Operating leverage, I mean, these are some pretty significant growth rates, Jeff, and when you leverage your fixed costs factories, and generally what’s been, a very productive, variable labor and fixed cost labor, the factories, that’s where we’re getting that productivity front.
John Stauch: Yes. Jeff, I think, it’s fair to say that when you take a look at the rate that we’re exiting at, from an inflation standpoint, that creates an inflation headwind into Q1, right. And level it off in Q2 and Q3. And that’s where we got to get the incremental price to try to mitigate that. So full year, next year, I think we would feel like we’re in a position to offset it. There might be some lumpiness by quarter, some tailwinds and some headwinds, and that’s what we’re working through.
John Stauch: And Nathan, I’d like to use the opportunity to share that a little bit. I have desires to have a four in front of that gross margin, as we exit the transformation period that we talked about and, most of the levers that we’re pulling, we believe that pricing is a big initiative and we’re leaning into that with outside help more looking at our value-adds and looking at end-to-end costs and trying to think about even our partners cost and how we help mitigate some of the expense. And we agree to that logistics and end-to-end freight costs are pretty sizeable, not just for us, but for our partners. So, how do we get after that with price? Second one, sourcing, how do we lean in on sourcing, and really I’m looking at global supply chains on a total landed cost basis, and make sure we’re making the best choices and SKU rationalization is a big enabler there as well. The third one is the manufacturing and distribution footprint, I think the distribution one gives us a big opportunity. And the fourth one is the organizational enablement. And that’s really about making sure that as we find new channels, new adjacencies, we’re getting productivity from the old way of doing things to fund the new way that we want to do things. And so those are the four big pillars of transformation. We made a lot of progress and we hope to create tailwinds to 2022 from those initiatives.
John Stauch: Yes, really rich funnel, and I’m really proud of the way the teams drove the brainstorming, the ideation around what we could do and should do. And ultimately the opportunity is significant. And I want to make sure we set those targets against those new gross margin levels that you mentioned, because we have gone slightly backwards here, which means we have more that we have to go get. And then we also have to look at it pre-inflation, currently in the inflation environment and post-inflation to make sure that these are really contributing to the end state of Pentair. So really pleased with the progress and the team. And as I mentioned, we expect it to start contributing in 2022.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean, the way I look at it is that, if you think of that decision tree, you take that scenario, or do you take the scenario where the inflation continues to go forward? I’m going to choose the one where inflation continues to grow, because if that happens and we’re out in front, because we’ve been trying to catch up on price all year long, but if we can get out on the front of it, then the worst case scenario is that we start to turn back pricing to our channel, to basically reflect the lower inflation rate that we have. That’s an easier mitigation strategy than trying to get new price in an area where people are anticipating the inflationary pressures to subside. So, I think those, that’s the scenario planning that we’re going through, which is why we’re not ready to share 2022 with yet, but I’m going to lean towards that. We think inflation and supply chain challenges continue. And the worst case scenario is we dial back from there.
John Stauch: Well, I mean, we’ve always said that we’ve got three general business models at Pentair, and our manufacturing build the stock, make the stock that goes through dealer distributors are the most responsive to inflationary pressures and price increases normally. This year is literally unique in the sense that we’ve had these large backlogs and it’s hard. We’re not going to go back and reprice backlog, right? So there’s a little timing delay related to that backlog. Another business model we have is project-based and you’ve got to predict where your price increases need to be to reflect the inflationary pressures that are out there, six to nine months in advance. And that’s always the hardest to get, right. Especially in these environments. And then the third one would be more OEM or larger customer base business models where, again, you’re in a process of negotiation and before those price increases go in, you got to get both sides to agree on what that partnership looks like. It’s those are the three basic premises. And so obviously the make to stock a little easier, most normal times the project, you have to be more careful and the OEM system negotiation of ensuring that everybody got the best productivity in the cycle.
John Stauch: Yes. I think that this has taken our entire skill set, which is one of the reasons I want outside help on this. When you think you’ve got the raw materials side, right, which I think we’ve got closer to more accurate throughout the year, the surprises have been more on the freight and logistics cost of the availability and oils continuing to be volatile right now. And then there’s actually a cost of the routes. So that’s been a little trickier to get right. And then, I think when you get into these ranges, it’s retraining everybody that these are the appropriate coverage ranges because these are not ranges in price increases that we’ve historically sought. So it’s been a journey and a lot of learning’s, and I think we’re getting better at it, and I’m really proud of the way the teams are leaning in.
John Stauch: It is going a little too far. I mean, I think we’re not ready yet to commit to anything next year, other than we do believe that demand is relatively strong. We do believe that inflation is going to continue and we do believe we got to put price increases out there to cover inflation and not just the raw materials I mentioned, but covering the freight, covering the raw material and also covering anticipated wage inflation as well. So that’s the work we’re going through right now. And we want to get as close to accurate as possible.
John Stauch: Yes. Okay. So, we’re excited. I think, first of all, we’ve got 12 connected solutions out there in the market today, and we’re starting to see the ramping up of the downloads of our applications and use of those products. They cross all of our residential streams from also including R&I flow our small pump lines and as well as our water treatment and our pool applications. So, I think one of the bright spots I’ve seen this year is that we continue to see the automation penetration pool. In addition to the upgrades that we saw across the pad. Well, for new pool builds, and in the aftermarket side, sometimes in the busy seasons, you don’t see people also upgrading to those solutions and so that was very positive. And we started to make progress on our IoT related valves for water treatment, and also our pressure treatment and in our small pumps. So really good progress. And I think we’re getting good feedback on that capability to usage from our channel. And we’re excited about the momentum we were really building. And not to mention that we’ve also got the brew assist, and on the large F&B side within IFT, we’re making great momentum as well as building out our services model for our partners regarding the filtration of the year.
John Stauch: Those chips are what we’re all seeking, right, as products become smarter than you mentioned it with the IoT initiatives. So, we’re not the only company putting an IoT enabled initiatives. Everybody needs chips that goes in our case goes into drives or electronics, which then go into, it becomes sub-components into the assemblies that we’re trying to produce. So that’s where the catch-up in the supply chain really is.
John Stauch: I mean, Josh, similar to the construction industry, the constraint is really labor and or material availability for the larger builds or remodels, right? So that is a longer lead time item than even our equipment. So those demands on the channel are out there, the channels, trying to meet the demands. And we’re trying to then meet the equipment demands of those remodels in the new pool builds.
John Stauch: Yes, I think it’s a good way to look at it, Josh. I mean, I think, traditionally we would look at the new pool builds is getting an opportunity to expand – do the whole pad. And that’s why we enjoy that new build, the remodels we have that same opportunity, right to talk to the consumers and share with them the possibilities and upgrade that pool pad. And then we always had the break and fix, and you don’t get this type of growth from just break and fix. So the predominance of the incremental demand over what we’ve historically seen, call it mid-to-high single digits is likely penetration into the aftermarket pool pads or into the new pool pads from adding out to the pad.
John Stauch: Yes, I think the way to think about it is, when you look at a year-over-year, you have to add what it also increased the previous year. And so, when we think about adding to the price increases next year, I mean, it’s important to realize how inflation is compounded from 2020 and 2021, and then how much more will be added as we go into 2022. So obviously when you look at it year-over-year, it’s a piece, but when you go back and look at the start of this, which for us was Q2 2020 we’ve seen the significant demand and that demand is turned into supply pressures. And then we’ve seen the corresponding inflation across the freight and all the other components here. So, I mean, I’m not going to give an exact answer, because I know everybody’s asked me in every single way, but we’ve got to price appropriately to cover the anticipated inflation that we see coming to us in 2022, but we don’t yet have that number. And when we do we’ll share it, but we’re going to price it appropriately.
John Stauch: Yes, there are some small markets or some small regions, I should say. Where –a non-variable speed, and we still have a non-variable speed line is appropriate to meet the standards around certain horsepower levels and in certain outputs. So, you’re always going to see a couple of substitutes and a couple small regions, but the truth is most of the energy efficiency standards are driving to a higher level of efficiency. And we all got advance our products, as we try to keep up with sustainability goals and less electricity usage. So that’s where really where the future is. And currently there’s a few small markets or small regions where a substitute could be appropriate.
John Stauch: Yes. I’d say, less than a couple of $100 million is what I would say our exposure is where we might see some benefit from some stimulus, so not a large number for Pentair.
John Stauch: Yes. It’s the muni-pump business and then possibly the pumps that connect the muni to the subdivisions.
John Stauch: Thank you everybody for joining us today. We have delivered on commitments in 2021, whether measured by sales, income, EPS, or cash flow. And the good news is, we believe there’s still more to come for Pentair. And it’s becoming a pure play sustainability focused company in 2018; we have been building a track record of consistent growth while also driving our commitment to creating a longer term shareholder value. We have focused on portfolio and aligned around attractive secular trends, and we believe our strategic growth initiatives should contribute to us growing at rates even faster than the markets we serve. Our focus on transformation should help us not only unlock additional value, but also fund these growth initiatives. Our balance sheet provides us a lot of flexibility and our 19% ROIC demonstrates our focus on being disciplined with our capital. Stephanie, you can conclude the call. Thank you.
