John Stauch: Thank you, Jim and good morning everyone. Please turn to Slide #4 titled Executive Summary. We are pleased with our third quarter as we were able to deliver results in line or better than our forecast on all of our key metrics marked by 6% core sales growth, 10% adjusted EPS growth and over $100 million of free cash flow generated in the quarter and $265 million year-to-date. All three segments contributed to the top line performance with Aquatic Systems delivering a strong 12% core sales growth in the quarter. We also used our strong balance sheet and cash flow to buyback 100 million of shares in the quarter and have purchased 400 million to the first three quarters. For the full year, we raised our core sales growth expectation by a full point to be 4% to 5% and we are still expecting ROS expansion of approximately 50 basis points to 18%. We are also raising our adjusted EPS guidance to be approximately $2.33, which reflects the third quarter performance as well as the small benefit from share repurchases in the quarter. This marks the second consecutive quarter that we have raised our expectations driven in part by continued healthy end markets as well as continued execution across our portfolio. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark to discuss the third quarter results and update you on the details of our full year 2018 outlook before I provide an update on our key strategic growth initiatives.
John Stauch: Thank you, Mark. Please turn to Slide #11 titled Pentair’s strategy summary. We have used this page consistently in our earnings presentations to remind everyone of our strategy and be the leading residential and commercial water treatment company and to share with you the areas where we are investing in growth. Our focused areas of strategy remain on advancing growth in pool and accelerating residential and commercial water treatment, which requires investment at the business and the enterprise level. Our approach to capital allocation remains disciplined and we remain committed to maintaining our investment grade rating, reinvesting in our most attractive core businesses, and paying competitive dividend yield. We also look at a balanced approach between M&A and intelligent buybacks with our M&A decisions being informed by overall valuations and the quality of assets available as well as our ability to integrate them successfully. Please turn to Slide 12 labeled focused strategies. As we prioritize our growth priorities, we believe this allows us the best opportunity to drive differentiated growth in what we believe is a very attractive water quality space. I would like to give you a quick update on our progress regarding our two most important focused strategies. The first strategy is advancing pool growth, one of our biggest opportunities around automation and connected pools and products. We continue to increase our new product introductions, inclusive of smart technologies and have launched two new automation systems. Our IntelliConnect is an entry-level automation system that connects only a few existing pool products and we have also launched our next generation of our more advanced IntelliConnect platform that provides the highest level of automation for our end consumers and pool dealers. Less than 10% of the 5 million installed in-ground pools today have some form of automation system and we believe this represents a continued runway of growth where we will continue to invest. Our second key growth initiative is accelerating residential and commercial water treatment. We have conducted several consumer surveys to better understand the market, but equally important, we are engaging consumers through digital marketing to build brand strength and drive demand through our dealer network. We are in the early innings of moving up the value chain from being a leading component supplier to introducing smart connected branded products and solutions. We have made several investments in China and Southeast Asia as we see a lot of opportunities in this large market. Please turn to Slide #13. This is the slide that we publicly introduced at the EPG Conference in May of this year. We wanted to remind everyone of our long-term goals. In the current inflationary environment where price has been easier to get and assuming this continues, we would not be surprised to see core sales growth trending toward the upper end of the range if not slightly better. We are currently expecting the pricing environment, coupled with productivity to generally offset inflation and we will provide more details on the impact to 2019 guidance when we release our fourth quarter earnings at the end of January, but we wanted to remind everyone that our long-term goals have not changed. I would now like to turn the call over to Crystal for Q&A after which I will have closing comments. Crystal, please open the line for questions. Thank you.
John Stauch: Sure, Deane and thanks for the comments and agree that the pool business certainly has the ability to control their pricing decisions and had a strong result. Pricing was in line with expectations as we have discussed before. The price went in, in mid-September. So, in Q3 when we saw small impact of that for the pool business in the Q3 quarter, but we will see the full benefit of that in Q4 and it’s in line with our expectations overall and is part of the price that you see for the full year expectation on our full year walk. In terms of their growth split between price and core growth, I think most of the growth in Q3 coming from volume rather than price, only maybe 1 point to 2 points of growth coming from price and then as that grows, about double that in Q4.
John Stauch: The answer to the last question is no. I mean, it is an automation system that obviously works off of WiFi or the Internet and then connects to the products to basically giving intelligent pool system, Deane. And yes, we do believe that – you're talking about 5 million installed pools and less than 10% of them today run on some type of automation capability and that automation capability provides two opportunities, one is for dealers to remotely monitor pools and manage the proper pool for – composites for people. But the other one is for the consumer themselves to interact with their pool more effectively, lighting, variable speed pumps as you mentioned, salt water pools, the chemistry. So, we see it as a revolutionary product for sure, and this one is an easier one that creates over-the-air software updates and really has a better graphic user interface capability. And its open architecture meaning it will work not only with Pentair products, but it will also work with our competitors’ products as well, which we think is also revolutionary.
John Stauch: Yes. Yes, we do – so again similar response for the other two businesses. The price kicked in, in the back half of September and the realization is consistent with expectations and it's – we see that reading out as expected in Q4. We had a little bit of pull-in in Q3 ahead of the price increase, which we had anticipated. So that reduces a little bit of the price expectation for the full-year, but overall, on a run rate basis, it's consistent with our expectations. And our views on inflation, which price was put into offset or mitigate remain unchanged as well, so you can see the full-year expectation on inflation remains about $80 million.
John Stauch: It's a great question. I mean, we do about $160 million in China and Southeast Asia overall from a revenue stream and most of that in our filtration businesses. We still are committed to our China strategy primarily because they advanced in the way that the market is evolving, I mean, the rate of pace, they're going to put 3,000 new Starbucks stores in, there is a competitor coffee chain called Luckin doing 1,000 stores this year, 2,000 next year. These are some enormous growth rates. We also have the context of – we’re working with the Internet there and the way that people buy off the Internet and looking at two to three-hour delivery windows to the product. So, I think it's an area that we're going to continue to participate in, because we’re learning and growing and establishing a lot of the tools and principles that I think ultimately are going to work themselves back into Europe and into North America as well.
John Stauch: Yes, I am very impatient, so everything takes longer, but I'm very proud of the way the teams leaning in. Obviously, a great result in the quarter as evidenced by dealing with a late announcement of a tariff impact and reacting to it the best we could and managing through those expectations and we’re getting back to consistency and predictability. But what we're most excited about is we're having discussions about winning at the product line level again. We have some 30 major product lines and that's where the way you win. You differentiate your product against the competition in the customers' eyes and we're having good discussions about how to utilize technology and innovation and business model innovation to really differentiate that customer experience and that’s going to take longer time, but that’s ultimately how we are going to get back to the core organic growth that I know we can achieve.
John Stauch: You got it, right, Steve. I mean, we are still targeting adjusted net income, cash flow to be 100% of adjusted net income and obviously we will work through the normal seasonality patterns and there is nothing really to update at this time.
John Stauch: Yes. So, Steve just to reiterate, the 2018 – for 2018 reflects everything that we currently get out of China including direct sourcing. When we put the pricing forward on September 15 we assume that we would likely see another couple of points of inflation heading into 2019. That is probably at least a likely scenario given the fact that we are going to continue to see inflationary pressures come from all of these lists that happened. So I think right now we feel like we have got things well contained and we can only deal with what we know, Steve and if there is anything else that comes about, we reserve the right to go back with incremental price increases.
John Stauch: Just to add, Scott, as I said I mean we have put in price increases that not only reflected our 2018 expectations for inflation, but that inflation would continue. And so we are hopeful that we have got enough in there, if not we will adjust accordingly.
John Stauch: I don’t think so, Scott. And I think we are counting on prices, the majority of it, but we also need productivity and keep in mind our sourcing teams are active every single day seeking alternative sourcing. So we even within the inflation numbers this year have favorable productivity and you see that in the column offsetting that, but I think we are going to need productivity and we are also going to need growth contributions, Scott, I think that’s just the environment we are in right now.
John Stauch: Yes. I think first of all, we really 3 – go across the segments. I think pool really has a great dealer intimacy. And why I mentioned the dealer, it’s the actual dealer talking to the consumer and working with the consumer. And what we are learning is that, that consumer is becoming more and more educated and as they become more and more educated we are able to create more content, because as you put your pool in or you think about your retrofits to the pool you are very excited about all of the other products that you can bring to the table. So, we are clearly getting more content through to the aftermarket and I do think that that’s a result of learning that the consumer is important in helping to influence that and stay. In infiltration, what we are learning is as you would expect, it’s not a national or global issue it’s more local. Your city and where you live, your water quality varies and obviously I have shared this with you, New York City is not a problem for water. As you start to move into other particular regions, you have challenges and getting more specific around the challenges to each region allows us to have the right products to our dealer channel to solve those issues, so very excited about your growth there. And then flow, I think we are starting to realize that we have a good brand across to what we have major brands that we are very well respected and that we need to continue to work to get those products and make those available to the end customers and we have to work through various distribution channels to do that since there isn’t a large distributor, a large dealer that covers nationally. And in China and Southeast Asia, as I mentioned, people want to buy on the Internet. They want ready-now products. They want an experience center. And I do think all of those things we’re doing in China that we’ve learned from connecting with the consumer, we’ll work that way in the North American market as well. So, thanks for asking, Scott.
John Stauch: And Mike just to remind you the market is growing and we’re growing with the market, but we have a very high value membrane and we have products that are really helpful in the overall food and beverage processing. What we are no longer doing is building the systems and the skids around them and just assembling other people's products to go forward. So that’s what really drove the decline. And we feel confident that we have a product that other people combine, assemble and put into the process and that's really where we think we should be long-term. It’s also better margins for us and better predictability and consistency as our future revenue streams. So, it was all conscious and it was all an effort that we put in this year.
John Stauch: Yes, I think our first goal is get back to predictable and consistent results and I'm pleased that we are making progress on that. I think we've got three quarters now where we're starting to build that consistency and we're starting to also understand strategically where our best businesses are and how those businesses are positioned and we're really aligned not only as a management team, but with our Board of where we'd like to make those acquisitions, the tuck-ins and cores like basically bolt-ons. And so, I do think we're starting to build a really robust funnel and I really – I’m hopeful that we'll be able to get some things done over the next year.
John Stauch: You’re talking about a point of – we are going from 6% to 4% to 5% on the Q4. And right now, we don’t see as you ask – we don’t see markets slowing. I mean, we still feel good. I remind you Steve you know this, but in our residential commercial businesses, this is primarily an installed base that we serve. It isn’t a new housing start really phenomenon or anything. As a matter of fact we shared this before a lot of new housing starts are actually urban, which don’t utilize our water systems as much as they do out in the rural areas. So we really just believe there is a consumer pull on demand on the aftermarket channel and we see consistency so far on those outlooks.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean, we have seen – this is general rule of thumb for that business. If you take housing starts which it’s somewhere around 1.2 million housing starts and about 10% or 11% of those are generally point pool permits. And I think it’s just the way the demographics generally work out, so think about 120,000 to 130,000 new pools, which if you really think about what that’s up versus last year, it’s not ups very much, you would be talking out single digits. So, we continually work the dealers in the installed base to convince people that more larger systems and more capability in their pool is the way for them to reduce their energy costs both in LED lighting and also the efficiencies that they can get on the variable speed pump. And then as I mentioned in my comments giving them easier ways, like their iPhone and/or remote monitoring to actually manage their pool and that’s what’s driving a lot of the content and capability and so a really growing content on the pad fairly significantly and then taking more share through our dealer channel within that growing content. That’s been our [indiscernible].
John Stauch: Yes. So, I mean I’d start with as Mark mentioned that we are ramping up the growth investments. In the beginning of the year, we are identifying where we should place our bets working on our strategies and making sure we are all aligned. And as we went through the year, we are starting to see our innovation centers per technology certainly, our digital marketing, our consumer insights and putting more spending in first of all and that’s really what you are seeing is generally offset in the productivity, Nathan.
John Stauch: It’s improving primarily because we started the year with significant inflationary pressures on the material side as we mentioned and then we have begun to work sourcing alternatives and opportunities which tend to take time and those have started to ramp up here as we head into the back half of the year.
John Stauch: I mean, it’s a question that I don’t want to dance around. I mean, in a normal environment, we would we would seek for productivity less in inflation on a gross margin basis to drive 100 to 150 basis points of expansion and then we would look to offset with somewhere around 50 to 100 basis points of growth investment that’s a normalized model. Obviously, we are not in normal times. And so I think we are still thinking we can get continued margin expansion and still invest.
John Stauch: I mean, we think we're taking somewhere in the 1% to 2% share range and the rest would represent the market growth that we think broadly others are experiencing as well.
John Stauch: I mean, if you took kind of where we are, if you take double-digit growth, we think about half of that is coming from new content ads, that we're going out and creating more content on what we call the pad. So, what used to be a pump and a filter gets expanded into the automation, gets expanded to the lighting, gets expanded to a chlorinator, saltwater pool, those types of things, and we think that adds about half of the growth, and then as I mentioned, the rest is share.
John Stauch: Yes, I will start with the fact that we are not as big as some of those peers. I mean, keep in mind, as I mentioned, we're $160 million total in the China and Southeast Asia region. So, we're not anywhere – some of our competitors are two times our size and those comps get harder. I also think that we are definitely growing double-digit, but we're also working through changing channels over there in China as well and making sure we're controlling our own destiny. As I said, most of the consumers want to deal directly with the Internet and then they want to connect directly with the experience center and the company themselves. And so I think our comps are a little easier from where we're starting from, but I also very excited about what the teams doing over there and I really like how we're going about winning and just the innovation and the excitement that we have for our new products and new product introductions.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean, it’s those two things total somewhere around $150 million of total revenue, so not really a big piece of the overall Pentair and not really worth mentioning to be honest, but I think ultimately those are cyclical markets and they have been performing well lately.
John Stauch: No, I will say it’s just a really thank you to our team and I am sure a lot of companies had this as well, but we do have our pool businesses in Cary, North Carolina. And I can’t thank the team enough for how they stepped in and we have lost a few days of deliveries due to the hurricane, but they were able to recover all those shipments in Q3 and did a marvelous job just protecting the plant, protecting the assets, protecting the people and then also protecting the products out, but other than that, there is no meaningful amount of revenue one way or the other that we can track to weather.
John Stauch: Not on a real-time basis, no, I mean we usually expect and do see a little uptick in the aftermarket repair business there and we will see that in the order rate as it comes through Q4, but not able to track this specific amount.
John Stauch: We did our price increase on cycle, which was in mid-September. Our competitors did do some targeted price increases earlier for various reasons, but we chose to continue to stick with our standard timeline. We implemented 5.5% price increase and that’s been consistent with what we have communicated previously and it’s our expectations have been consistent.
John Stauch: Some of our competitors have similar supply chain, some of them don’t, I mean, everybody looks a little bit different than us, but as we have talked about, it’s not just the direct impact, it’s ultimately and maybe more importantly just seeing what the indirect impact ends up being as tariff start to impact the overall pricing not just from China suppliers, but others as well.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, we just generally overall you have got it, North America have been relatively strong this year, China as I mentioned has been a growth area for us. We have selectively chosen to get out of lot of geographies, which is part of the product line exits that Mark has referenced in our divestiture line, geographies, where it’s not so much a geography call, we just didn’t have scale or didn’t have the appropriate presence in those areas to compete long-term. And then Europe has not been of a robust growth environment, it’s been relatively muted most of the year. And so we don’t see that picking up in the back half of the year, but we also don’t see it declining in the back half of the year.
John Stauch: Yes, I don’t know, if we are just certainly not going to give it in detail by quarter, but for the full year, we expect still to be in that range for 2018. And I would say as we think about going forward, maybe $5 million to $10 million incremental next year is the way we are thinking about it for primarily digital investment and also our R&D and innovation activities we have identified this year, but not a meaningful step up from where we are currently.
John Stauch: Yes, I do. So, thank you everybody for joining us today. And I hope you agree that we delivered a solid third quarter and that we are demonstrating our ability to use agility and prioritization to meet our commitments. By building up a track record of meeting and exceeding commitments, we hope to earn the trust and right to pursue a compounding strategy that allows us not only achieve core growth in earnings, but to also utilize our strong cash flow and capital structure to pursue strategic targeted and accretive bolt-on and tuck-in acquisitions. Thank you for your continued interest. Crystal, you can conclude the call.
Mark Borin: Third quarter was in line with expectations and we don’t see anything necessarily unusual in the fourth quarter as well.
Mark Borin: Sure, Steve. And the overall story on tariffs and inflation in general is as I mentioned before is just the consistency with our previous expectations. So, as we look at the balance of the year, our inflation expectation remains at about $80 million, that includes all the tariffs that have been announced and implemented. So, it includes sort of the people talk about lists 1, 2 and 3 in the different sections that make that up. So that’s all reflected in our expectations, so really no change from what we talked about before as we have already touched on pricing and our expectations there. And we certainly are going to continue to evaluate the overall supply chain and look for opportunities to be able to make changes to reduce the impact of tariffs long-term as those things take a little bit longer obviously, but we are certainly looking at that. We have a factory in Suzhou and so we will evaluate what we do there and how our overall supply chain structure is organized.
Mark Borin: As we – as John referenced before, I mean, our expectations haven’t changed and the forecast that we have put forth of approximately $80 million reflects all the tariffs that have been announced and implemented which is there is nothing new that’s out there. This is the list that you are referring to even though they hadn’t been implemented and effective prior to our last quarter’s guidance, there was enough information out there that we had some visibility to that. And as John said, we frankly don’t know what we don’t know and so we reserve the ability and the right to be able to go back and adjust and go back for more price if necessary, but the guidance that we have for the year stands on its own and remains unchanged from what we provided previously.
Mark Borin: Yes, sure. As we’ve talked before as that business has experienced challenges and has been shrinking for quite a while, frankly, it’s gotten to a point where it's a smaller portion of the portfolio and it's really not something that that’s going to drive our overall performance. And so it's – feel like it’s sort of hit the bottom and we’re seeing some signs of life and decent order rates. And it's something frankly that hope to not have to continue talking about because it's just a small piece of the overall picture and we’re focused on – more importantly on our residential, commercial side of the business.
Mark Borin: Sure. I mentioned it earlier. As we were coming through September, we did see some pull-in to beat the price increase, so we do have slightly less price benefiting the year than we had previously forecasted. I mean, and we're continuing to see sort of the ramp in our growth investments as we move through the balance of the year. So, when you think of those two things on balance, overall, that's where we've landed at maintaining our guidance on income.
Mark Borin: Well, the price change was about $3 million, $2 million to $3 million, and the investment is probably couple of million dollars.
Mark Borin: No, I mean, part of it is as I ventured it’s the price increase acceleration that we experienced in Q3. So Q3 was higher than expected driven maybe half of that increase was driven by the pull-in to be priced, and so we don't see that continuing into the fourth quarter.
Mark Borin: Yes, and I’ll start to clarify that. Half of the beat in the third quarter, so we were higher than expected by about $10 million, about half of that came from the pull-in [Technical Difficulty]
Mark Borin: Yes, that really is – there’s no new discrete divestitures there, it’s the product line exits that we have talked about previously.
Mark Borin: It completes in Q4 and survive a little bit of that in the first half of the year, but then it will lap itself.
Mark Borin: Yes, I mean, we’re still thinking around $7 million, it’s become – frankly, it's a relatively small number given our overall debt levels, and so it can bounce around a little bit really mainly driven by how much interest income we had. So that's why it was a little bit lower in Q3.
Mark Borin: No, I don’t think there was anything unusual about the end-market demand in the quarter, it was strong in September, but that’s not unusual and some of that was driven by the price increase timing. And when you are seeing the guidance for Q4 we don’t see a significant slowdown as we look at the Q4 run-rate and expectation on growth in pool.
Mark Borin: Sure. And then maybe to clarify we said that we will continue to use price as a lever, but we didn’t say that we would have to do that in light of inflation.
Mark Borin: To lever in and it would take approximately 90 days to get that price fully implemented. That being said, it’s also about 90 days for us to see the impact of increases from our suppliers as well. So what was the news about Q3 if you recall was the timing of the tariff announcement and the increase of that coming pretty quickly and not having the time to react.
