JohnStauch: Yes, Steve, let me speak to the revenue miss and I’ll let Mark to give the details. But during the end of Q2, we saw a little both positive in some of the Ag orders. And right out of the gate in Q3, we just saw that Ag did not recover at all, so we had anticipated a little more recovery sequentially in Q3. And it just slide out, didn’t happen.  So now we’ve adjusted heading into Q4 next year the fact that we don’t see Ag recovering at all. And I think the lot of the global data would suggest that, and we’d probably figured it out right now. But that was a little bit of a bounce in Q3 that we had expected that didn’t happen. 
JohnStauch: Well. I mean it’s good question, and I thank you for asking. But I mean, I think first of all, we beyond pool, we also had some channel inventory in both Filtration and Flow. That was built up for some of the same buy ahead patterns that happened in last year's Q3 and Q4. So this year's Q3 and Q4 have those difficult comparisons and then Q1 and Q2 of next year have much easier comparisons across Filtration, Flow and Aquatics.
JohnStauch: Yes, so we have three specific growth priorities in both pool and residential and commercial filtration. It’s really about having, I’ll start with commercial first, and it’s about having the best commercial systems and capabilities. And we’re really excited about the technology that we’re building to sell at commercial office water opportunities, as you know, people are seeking carbonated water and they’re also seeking flavored carbonated water.  So really excited about the investments we made on technology side, while we’re more than a year away from launching that product that our product is really better solution that we think that the market will benefit from. So excited there. We are also through both the acquisitions and also internally within Pentair; we’re having the best residential systems. Smarter, more innovative valves technology, smarter water softener systems technology, I am hooking those to automation and then having the services piece to the Pelican acquisition to complete that last mile. And we’re really excited about the progress of that in home sales capability, and the build out of what we call our mobile resource centers which are our brands that we go out and sell with. So huge progress there. On the pool side, we continue to see technology advancement, new technologies around filtration, new technologies around automation, so we’re excited that that penetration rate will show up.  When you look at the sell-through rates of pool in both Q2 and Q3, they’re back to the high single-digits again. So once we get through this inventory channel issue and the pool business normalizes, I think we’re very positive that we’ll see that return to growth next year.
JohnStauch: I think it’s really fragmented. I think the overall momentum is there. I think what we wanted to do is make sure that we have the systems that can give you chilled, heated, sparkling and as you know our other peer filtration is a big part of that overall component. So we want to be talked about in the space, and we want to make sure we have the right systems that can solve any solution, that basically a commercial customer has. 
JohnStauch: Yes, there are two forms of Ag. We have a precision Ag spray business and that we did address earlier and that is a very-very high margin offering. The other part of Ag is more of the pivot Ag spray in the irrigation side of the business, that’s specifically what I was referring to.
JohnStauch: Yes, sure. One of the things we talk a lot about is we separated with optimization and really looking at where did we have complexity and how can we get after complexity reduction and into the Flow Technology segment was certainly one of those businesses where we saw high degree of that skew rationalization things, that inherently drives up cost and drive down margins.  And the team really got after that in as we exited 2017 and throughout 2018, and so we started to see those activities and actions pay off here in 2019. And also, we’ve also talked about some of the factories where we had some challenges. We’ve been investing in automation and other technology to replace and improve some of the older equipment and machinery that’s used in some of those factories that’s also starting to readout early stages. So there’s more of that to comments, we think about 2020 but we’re again seeing favorable signs and encouraged by what we’re seeing. 
JohnStauch: I think we still have opportunity to really focus on cash flow and we continue to view cash flow targeting at approximating adjusted net income, so we wouldn’t change that point of view even though as we grow to your point, there maybe some working capital type things that we need to invest. But there are opportunities in other places that we would manage and balance out to have that long -term target still maintained. 
JohnStauch: Yes, I mean I think clearly we’re focusing on execution right now Mike and part of that was making sure that we’re delivering on our commitments, Q2, Q3, and Q4 so that’s our first focus area. I think there are the growing opportunities to invest in the platforms that I mentioned. And we’re continuing to look at those tuck-in acquisitions I would say that feed more what we’ve done already.  But you can never time those. We have no idea where they’re going, and we just want to make sure that we’re protecting the balance sheet heading into next year and giving ourselves flexibility to do what we think is going to drive most amount of value. 
JohnStauch: Yes, so maybe the way to think about it is, we had significant price cost headwinds as we talked about coming out of last year and into the beginning of this year. Now what I referenced in Q3 in particular was favorability because we’ve got favorable price and we have inflation moderating. As you move forward that favorable year-over-year price will start to be a little bit more than normal, at a more normalized level versus the unusually high price increases that we had in 2018 that spilled over into 2019.  So, I don't -- it's more of a stabilization story rather than a benefit. It’s just mitigation of what had been a pretty significant headwind. And on the inflation side, one thing to always kind of keep in mind is inflation is not just the material or commodity inflation, but we certainly also have labor inflation and we don’t see that going away or moderating. So that will continue to be part of how we think about what our 2020 will look like.
JohnStauch: Yes, we do already. And I think we're learning how to sell it better. We believe everybody can benefit from that automation capability. It's a different type of sale though. And we have that we believe the right products that can really help the user along, and we have to tweak our ability to sell technology. It's not like selling a product. It's more like selling a service or capability. And so we learned a lot this year. And I think we're encouraged by the progress we're making in Q3 and Q4. And I think those products can really accelerate as they head into next year. 
JohnStauch: I think the best way to think about it is, as I said before, it's just more of a normalized level of price, as you know a big chunk of the price that we see overall comes from the pool business that they had unusually high price last year in response to inflation. This year, they had a price increase that would have gone into effect in September, which is the normal timeframe that those price increases go into place. And I call that a more in a more normal historical level and something similar in the other businesses. So we are not seeing --we didn't see any unusual reaction to price this year as a result of channel inventories and but we do see just going to a more normalized level given that last year's higher price was really driven by that incremental inflation. 
JohnStauch: Sure, that -- it did continue. So we had commented earlier in the year that we saw some weakness in Europe, particularly on the filtration side, as we move through the year in Q2, and then again in Q3, and we really see to the balance of the year, we saw improvement there. So Europe now has -- is back to moderating growth and China as well is returned to a reasonably good growth level.
JohnStauch: We believe in 2021 it should help our overall sales. Variable Speed Pumps for us today are probably just over half of our total pumps sold. They do sell at a higher sell through value. So we do believe as the transition happens. Those of us who've been through these transitions before always have to go question, one of those dates going to really happen and will there be slippage and also, how does the inventory work its way through. And so we're not putting anything into 2020, obviously, and, we'll see if there's a relative bump in 2021, but overall should be positive to our business.
JohnStauch: Nothing significant from a month-to-month perspective, our -- 80% of our businesses overall is driven by the residential and commercial end markets and as we move through the balance of the year, we've talked about sort of the inventory impact, but beyond that the underlying demand has remained positive and we continue to see that kind of reading out through the balance of the year.
JohnStauch: Yes, so let me talk about China, first. In our China business, we said before in China, Southeast Asia overall is residential and commercial filtration primarily. And think about that being just north of 100 and some million dollars on an annual basis. So the growth rates we're talking about are really about starting from a relatively low base in a very enormous market in which we have a dedicated China team and we have a dedicated factory dedicated R&D lab. And we really invested a lot of new product growth and marketing.  So, we're winning in a space that may or may not overall be growing, but we have a lot of runway left in that area. In Europe, Mark gave the overall numbers and that is appropriate. Within those overall numbers, those things that are doing well in Europe, and there's things that aren't doing so well in Europe. So as we look at you know, some of the global industrial product lines, we definitely saw slow downs. And when you take a look at some of the more installed base, residential and commercial aftermarket businesses they're doing okay. Than no way would we call a robust market environment.
JohnStauch: Yes, I think you're going to expect a step up. I've said many times that we have the ability to invest a lot more in R&D. And we'll feel better about that investment when we feel marketing has done the work to produce the roadmap of where our R&D will be best utilized. And we're really excited about our automation platforms and we have a global innovation center around automation, one Pentair solution that would work across the enterprise, really excited about that roadmap.  And then around our treatment, and water treatment Innovation Center, really excited about the nano and ultra filtration technologies out of the CPT acquisition our X flow business, and expanding those into both residential and commercial, very excited.  And then as I mentioned earlier building systems capability that takes that technology and gives the overall solution. Those are the double downs for me and the team, and I'm going to accelerate that investment in 2020 and probably 2021. And we're encouraged and excited by the products of the other end of that investment.
JohnStauch: Yes. I think about it a slightly higher than that, 1% that we've seen, so prior to 2018 for the few years prior to that, it been right around 1%. But that was I call that like historically low, so something in the 2% range is probably a little bit more in line with what would be historically normal. With a rounded range on that 50 basis points. Okay. I mean, I think it's too early to say. The businesses that went out in September as Mark said, I mean, we were out in that range that Mark said and we saw those pricing stick, and we’re generally well received by the overall customers, and there was a more normal, and then we'll see how the others do. 
JohnStauch: This business has a fairly sizable drop through. And because it's sales wise material and a really efficient manufacturing process. So good drop through. I'm not going to give you an answer because this is a huge value contributor to Pentair. I want to invest in this. And I think we have some really exciting technologies in the pipeline here as well. And we'd like to put some investment back into sales channel. Primarily around the aftermarket side, I think we do a really nice job with our dealer channel covering both new pools and remodel pools.  I think our opportunity is and being further down the aftermarket cycle with the services channel, and making sure we're the company of choice for consumers and that services play. And then also making sure that we go back to our roots and I'd still say we are the technology leader, but we used to be significantly more advanced than we are today. And we believe we have those technologies in the pipeline and need to drive them through a new product development phase, and that will be an investment thesis for 2020 as well.
JohnStauch: So we don't include in our guidance and expectation around restructuring, but I would anticipate there would be some incremental restructuring again in Q4. And the investments and restructuring that we've made in this year really wouldn't see those necessarily reading out now. But those would be part of how we think about 2020.  As Mark mentioned, we're attacking some of the factories and some of the efforts within the factories. Those tend to have a little bit longer payoff than just structural changes to the business. So we have a right investments, we do have a larger footprint than we need and it is always geographically perfect. So we've addressed some of that especially the flow side, as Mark mentioned. And while we're seeing the margin improvement, I think there's still an opportunity for more margin improvement down the road.
MarkBorin: Yes, Steve it’s Mark, and it’s a great question. What we saw positive signs here were two things really, you’ll see price cost getting better. As I said in my prepared comments, Flow was hit hardest by the inflation pressure so we see price cost turning positive in Q3. And then also productivity, we touched on that in Q2 that, that although we weren’t, we didn’t see the productivity reading out in Q2 we saw signs that gave us a high degree of confidence that we would start to see that in Q3 and that’s really what happened.  So, you’re right that, being down in Ag from a mix perspective would push margins down and income down but, that was --we were benefited by better productivity and improved price cost. And Steve-- 
MarkBorin: Yes. I agree, I mean, we’ve said we continue to believe that by the end of the year, we’ll exit with normal levels and we think of 2020 more in line with historical normal seasonal stabilized perspective. 
MarkBorin: Sure. As we-- as I talked about in Q3, we saw pretty, pretty improved performance in the food and beverage part of the filtration business. That moderates a little bit in Q4, so that's part of the story. We do see continued stabilization and incremental improvement on the important residential and commercial side. Both the systems and components businesses, where those -- the investments in those acquisitions took place. So overall, just more of a moderated view given their performance in Q3, and then would expect to kind of as we think about moving into 2020. A similar level of performance and starting to see some of the investments that John talked about reading out and improve core sales growth.
MarkBorin: So on the first question and from an early buy perspective, we're seeing kind of a consistent early buy pattern, of last year was a little bit unusual because of the blend of the impact of the price increase. But what we're seeing this year is more in line with kind of the historical trends. In terms of next year, as we said, we're exiting Q4, you see that the Q4 guide is what I would think of as back to a little bit more level of normalization improved income performance, flattening of the top line, which had been decreasing, and as we think about 2020, we're just going really focus on getting back to what we believe would be performance in line with our long term objectives.
MarkBorin: So as we talked, and we worked down some of that inventory in line with sort of our expectations and we continue to see that coming down further in Q4 and exiting the year at levels that are in line with more historical seasonal patterns. 
MarkBorin: Well, clearly the vision would be that everybody would benefit, right? And that at the end of the day, most people buy technology on more rented basis because they believe whatever they have is going to be obsolete. We'd have to line the channel that way, Deane but ultimately, we think that's going to be the right answer. We're launching in this quarter, the new Pentair Home App, which basically is a broad umbrella that takes all of the suite of products that Pentair offers and allows you to be connected into that Home App. And we're hopeful that as the consumer sees more and more things that are available to either connecting with Alexa or Google Home or Apple or whatever your devices that you start to see the benefits of, some of the monitoring your water quality, and then starting to buy some of the products and services that would attach to that.
MarkBorin: Today, it's about having the right systems and likely out selling them, Deane, as you know the market does rent them. The end solution providers do rent units. Don't know yet if that's the space that we want to be in. But we were -- we introduced carbonated water some 8 to 10 years ago. We were probably early in the market. We have all the technology and we deliver that for food service and so how do we bring that into a commercial office environment in a productive way, if that's what people want. As you guys know, there's a lot of fickle drinkers. The first one is get tea and coffee.  Most all tea and coffee needs to be filtered, so you don't scale the units or cause damage to those units. And our filtration plays a big part in that. And if we expand that filtration into other forms of water, we think there's a huge opportunity for Pentair. And look, this is forward thinking, we believe we have the technology where it's probably not a 2020 launch, it's probably somewhere in 2021. 
MarkBorin: Yes, I think some of it will. I don't think first of all, the comp is meaningful enough. But yes, those pool builders will continue to work as long as they can in those areas. And they'll fill in jobs in the slower season that they would have otherwise not done. But they will also probably likely celebrate the holidays that exists in Q4. And so you're not going to see that same level of build that you tend to see in the more summer seasons. 
MarkBorin: Yes, I think what you're seeing in Q3 is more in line with the level that we would anticipate. And I think to remember kind of what makes that up. There are multiple elements. So there's material productivity which is we're working on trying to mitigate some of the inflation headwinds. There's operating costs productivity that would think about that as you're looking at opportunities to reduce G&A costs. And then there's factory productivity, but then what's offsets that is also the investments we're making in the growth areas around R&D and selling, marketing investments and technology and things like that. So as we think about this year and into next year, we will continue to look for increasing levels of productivity but utilizing some of that to continue to invest in the areas where we see the biggest growth opportunities.
MarkBorin: I wouldn't call it one time but with this, this is where we do have the residential systems and also the consumer services and we are significantly investing in those businesses, right. So we're very encouraged by the top line growth we have and we continue to add back digital marketing, advertising, branding and R&D spend to really accelerate the long-term growth there. So I think this is a more normalized pattern, as we head into 2020 is benefiting from the growth and then reinvesting a portion of that income back into fuel more growth.
MarkBorin: I can't call it de-risk. I can just tell you that it represents the last multiple quarter trends, it doesn't produce any incremental upside sequentially from things growing off of how they did the previous quarter, and then there is some year-over-year benefit as you look at Q1 and Q2 in this business next year. And then we'll see how confident we are when we come up with the guide of being able to drive organic growth in Q3 and Q4 of next year.
