John Stauch: Thank you, Randy. Please turn to Slide number 9, title Balance Sheet and Cash Flow. We ended the second quarter with a dramatically improved balance sheet after using the proceeds from our sale of Valves & Controls to retire a significant portion of our debt. Our ending debt balance was $1.7 billion, which was does not include nearly $200 million of cash on hand at the end of the quarter. We had a strong free cash flow quarter in line with seasonal trends. But our first half performance trailed the comparable period last year due primarily to a couple of higher tax payments in 2017. We continue to target free cash flow equal to adjusted net income for the full year. Our ROIC continue to improve and we ended the quarter at 11.1%. Please turn to the Slide 10, title 2017 Cost Out Update. We provided this slide last quarter as an update on our cost out actions, which are now completed. We are now on track to realize over $80 million of net cost benefits in 2017, which is up slightly from the target we presented last quarter. We remain on track to exit the fourth quarter benefits yielding greater than $100 million of net cost out in 2018. The reorganization activities that we began right after we announced the sale of Valves & Controls are now behind us. And we must now move forward with setting up the organization structures with two independent companies. Please turn to Slide 11, label 2017 Guidance Update. Slide 11 is an update of what we’ve presented last quarter when our strong first quarter operational beat offset higher interest expense due to the delayed closing of the Valves & Controls sale. While we’ve successfully closed the transaction in the second quarter and subsequently retired a significant amount of debt. The tender process was completed later in the quarter resulting in slightly higher than anticipated interest expense in the second quarter. This was offset by better than expected operating performance. We also have seen our share count increase as the stock has appreciated this year. While the higher than expected interest expense in the first half was offset by higher operating performance, we have one other factor influencing our decision to update the full year guidance to approximately $3.50 per share from a range that included $3.50 as the midpoint of that range. As we are preparing to stand up two companies to be publicly traded, we will incur some overlapping costs in the second half, as we prepare for the spin-off Electrical in the second quarter next year. I would remind you however, that our goal remains to have two public companies with minimal incremental corporate costs. Please turn to Slide 12, labeled Q3 2017 Pentair Outlook. We are introducing third quarter adjusted EPS guidance of $0.91 to $0.93 per share, which is an 18% increase at the midpoint of the range. We expect the adjusted core sales to grow approximately 4% for the third quarter with both segments expected increase at that rate. We anticipate segment income increasing approximately 5% and return on sales to increase roughly 70 basis points and approaching 19%. The tax rate is expected to be 20%, net interest expense of $13 million, and the share count should be around $184 million. Free cash flow is expected to continue to improve in line with historical seasonal patterns. Please turn to Slide 13, labeled Full Year 2017 Pentair Outlook. While we did see some shifting of top line growth from Q1 to Q2, we’ve seen improvement continue in our short cycle Industrial businesses and our Residential and Commercial businesses have remained healthy. As a result, we expect full year adjusted core sales to be up 2% versus our prior forecast to flat. We expect segment income to increase 6%, ROS to expand roughly 100 basis points around 18% and adjusted EPS to grow approximately 15%. We continue to target free cash flow to be 100% of adjusted net income. I would now like to turn the call over to Hope for Q&A. After which Randy will have a few closing remarks. Hope, please open the line for questions. Thank you.
John Stauch: Yes. I think, as you take a look at the second half obviously we have some benefits from foreign exchange, it’s dropping through it called low double digit benefits. And then we have the stronger organic growth, which is offset slightly by the material and more difficult pricing environment. And then operating wise we would have expected to deliver a little bit more income, but we’re planning to – have to transition to the two corporate structures and bringing on those costs. And then certainly getting back to hopefully a minimal incremental cost as we spend, Steve, but we have to balance all that, while delivering 2017 and standing up two successful public companies in 2018.
John Stauch: Yes. I think just to mention this, this dynamic between Q1 and Q2 that Randy mentioned is roughly $20 million of revenue in pool that shifted amongst the two quarters. And so, when you take a look at Q3 and where we’re shooting for the core organic growth rate, I mean, it’s not – that one item generally explains it and then a little bit easier comparisons in some of our businesses like Enclosures and Electrical and then ultimately water technologies in Water. So it’s really about keeping the same general shipment rate that we saw in Q2 and then just the comparison year-over-year in Q3.
John Stauch: Yes. I’d say somewhere around a half a point is a fair estimate. And I mean, Randy has asked both Beth and I to look at the types of things that maybe we could have done $5 billion company that might not make sense in $3 billion and $2 billion company. So we’re both actively looking at our infrastructures and support primarily in fast growth region…
John Stauch: And initiatives, and we’re trying to make sure that those projects are eliminated and also that we’re addressing how to serve each of the regions that we serve in a more effective way.
John Stauch: Yes, I’ll start it and I’ll have Randy as we color. But I mean, one of the things we’re finally realizing and we saw it happen in Q2 is refining and moving into positive territory on the MRO and the aftermarket and small projects on the Thermal side. So we’ve seen a really good uptick in our Thermal revenue in the heat-tracing side especially related to the downstream maintenance that we’ve anticipated for some period of time. So that’s a big positive and then as we move into Q3 and Q4 that is the season that Thermal certainly benefits from the industry and the anticipation, the cold weather…
John Stauch: Yes, a couple of things. I mean, keep in mind we’re raising our income $10 million and that’s going to cover shares in the back half of the year. If you think about it, we have some benefit from foreign exchange as I mentioned, that’s low double digits. Call that roughly $10 million, we have some operational benefits and revenue benefits. And then we’re offsetting the combination of the slightly higher material cost and the incremental transition cost of the corporate side. Josh, that’s the positive $10 million in the outlook. So I don’t want to quantify it because we don’t know it, right? But we have to manage it while delivering 2017 and also stand up both public companies in 2018.
John Stauch: Yes, we buy roughly a couple of hundred million dollars of steel, the end markets that utilize the steel, probably somewhere around, $1.5 billion, Randy. So, I mean, material is not the highest cost of our – I mean it’s the highest costs, but it’s not the huge percentage of the revenue. But it’s a phenomenon, that usually when inflation comes, we can pass it along. And I think this year, as we said earlier and I made this comment, we’d never dealt with the stronger dollar before and there are competitors on at Europe, who have a better cost position then they did have a year before. And so you’re hearing these things about price transparency and the Internet and everything else, like that. I don’t think our products are really installed in that way or affected by it. But I do ultimately think that we’ve got a cost conscious end-user. And that challenges being pushed on our channel and we are being expected to absorb the majority of the costs this year. And it’s reflected in our guidance and I think that as we go forward, we’ll look at the opportunities to adjust that appropriately as we ahead into 2018.
John Stauch: Hey, Brian, I just want to clarify one thing, the Thermal environment is actually improving, significantly for us. I mean we have these large projects year-over-year, which we’re calling out. But inside of the actual Thermal business, we’re seeing substantial margin increase. And we’re getting back to record, and in fact, we’ve cleared what we call record highs of margins at this period of business that we’ve experienced before. Again part of that is the focus that Randy shared with you. But if you take those projects out, we’re growing nicely and we’re expanding margin significantly.
John Stauch: Well, I think the market is definitely improving, we’re seeing the backlog begin to build. The break and fix is certainly being invested in and I think we expect to get back to core revenue growth there, as Randy mentioned, towards the tail end of this year and definitely into 2018. Are we performing with the end market? I would say, no. I think there is an opportunity here, for us to commit to where we think, we should be and play consistently in those spaces. And I think we’ve been chasing the opportunities around the world and we need to get back to our core netting and be better at what we do. And I think that’s huge opportunity for this business.
John Stauch: When you are everywhere, you don’t seem to have focus. What Randy is been challenging, the team on and which I am going to take the [indiscernible] and continue to drive with focus, focus, focus. I think this is a business that’s good at, North American infrastructure. And we are good at global fire and that’s where we need to spend our time and energy on the engineered side in those two areas and continue to be good at those two things.
John Stauch: Yes, I think most of – just to give you some color and I don’t want to get to ahead of ourselves here, but a lot of the products that Randy mentioned are related to home automation certainly and the way that we can play within that space and provide the types of things that our end consumers are looking for, utilizing that capability. We’ve always been the leader in pool innovation and we’ve got some exciting new product lines coming out, to take advantage of those home automation themes and that the way that people want to continue to use their backyard and benefit from that experience. So I think we’ll start to roll that out, certainly around our Analyst Day and limit to our expectations. And I think we’ve got some exciting things in the pipeline.
Randy Hogan: Yes. I’m just overall, Steve, I mean for both Water and Electrical, I’d say that we’re looking at somewhere between $15 million and $20 million headwind for the full year. Some of that realized in Q1 and Q2 and then Q3 and Q4 related to little less benefit from pricing, and a little stronger impact from inflation on the sources side, both of them together.
Randy Hogan: Yes, Jeff. I mean, I think we started the year anticipating the fact that as inflation rises both of our businesses Water and Electrical have historically been able to take advantage of those situations and raise price in the industry and have that price accepted and therefore mitigate most all of the material inflation. I think we were concerned about one issue this year, which was we’ve never had that experience with a stronger U.S. dollar. And we’re seeing the fact that most of the channels that we participate are fighting on price and therefore asking us to absorb and become more productive in serving them. And that’s the way it’s playing out. The good news is there’s a lot more growth and I think we’re all experienced in that growth and we’re able to offset that impact. But it’s generally across the board, Jeff.
Randy Hogan: Yes, Jeff we haven’t – we’re thinking about that. But we’re not in a position to share that yet. We’re running different scenarios and planning for what the capital structure to be at both companies, but we don’t have any information yet.
Randy Hogan: When you look at, we had such a strong quarter last year and the season started late, it didn’t start until mid-April. And this year it started early. So we had a great March. And that really explains all the difference. When we look at the sell-through in the channel and we look at the activity in the end market, we think that business is every bit as strong as it has been, hence my comments about it. The 7% growth in the first half is more representative of the kind of growth we expect in the industry. So it’s really just timing.
Randy Hogan: They’ll be introduced this season, but they won’t move the needle this season. We continue to be the innovator in the industry. So we’re not going to give up that mantle.
Randy Hogan: It’s really rail related, I mean, if you take a look at commercial and what I would call more traditional industrial is just fine. But the infrastructure, there was an anticipation that we would be spending on roads and bridges. Now here in Minnesota, looks like you what we are, but broadly in the rest of the country, it doesn’t picked-up as much. And then rail spending is off. And that’s for our EFS business, that’s the biggest part of the infrastructure.
Randy Hogan: We’re seeing normal seasonality, we see that because particularly Water is so seasonal. The cash flows are following the normal pattern with a negative cash flow in the first quarter a big pickup in the second quarter and then continue to building in the third and fourth. I wouldn’t expect the pattern to be any different.
Randy Hogan: Yes. There’s a little bit of mix issue, I mean, it is not the strongest pool quarter. Our Aquatic’s businesses got a pretty good margin. So that’s the only mix issue and the rest is just Q2 performance carryover to Q3.
Randy Hogan: Where is the 23 come in front of you? Okay, let’s go. So, I mean, it really is just one item. And it’s the fact that we are now projecting for the rest of the year what we believe the realized price and the realized material inflation will be and that is the only difference between the two forecasts.
Randy Hogan: Yes, both commercial and industrial. Particularly as winter cools-off I guess, winter heats up is rather its better term. That’s really Thermal’s biggest season. And the nice thing is the smaller projects and the products MRO it’s a better mix of business. So, I’m pretty please right now with the progress we’re making in Thermal. So each side, Water seasonal business is obviously the pool. And on the Electrical side the business that really experiences the seasonality of Thermal. And then everything else is steady state throughout the year.
Randy Hogan: So Josh, if you want us to square away – are you an old Navy guy? Square away, it’s pretty good. Anyhow, so as we set up the – we’re really standing up to companies, we have an open CFO job, we have two open CHRO jobs, we want to get these jobs hired, we want to get – so there’s going to be some overlapping as people come and go. But those all go to the P&L. And those are just a couple of examples. But as John said, our objective is to minimize any leakage if you will at the corporate cost level in another words we minimize any additions once we’re on a separate run rate in the two companies.
Randy Hogan: Yes, we expect a better second half for sure. Actually on the telecom side, we had some big projects there, that are just they haven’t reloaded yet and we’re hopefully it will. But they haven’t. So that’s why it was negative in the second quarter. I think in the third and fourth quarter that will be – that it will still be a drag. But it won’t be as bad. And Industrial, despite the more challenging price environment, the volume is good. And that’s a really profitable business for us on the Industrial side. But many of you know is our Hoffman brand, so, that’s the big driver, Hoffman doing better. So we’ll have – we expect to have low single digit core growth in Q3.
Randy Hogan: It’s really – what’s happened in capital spending, across those, it’s normalized, right. In oil and gas, there was a huge decline and basically it was a rough justice. They cut everything and now they are on capital level, so they returned finally to normal. So it’s actually oil and gas and industrial, it’s chemicals, it’s really across the board. Now CapEx is better in petrochemical, the petrochemical side and in some of the other industrial side. So we talk about Hoffman being up in industrial – general industrial.
Randy Hogan: No and it really hasn’t been our focus, as I mentioned, we do really well, when large projects happen. And so we’re not focused on those, and we’ll do well when they come back. Our focus is making sure, we are getting more than our lion share in the smaller projects and I’m really pleased with the progress that we’re making on that. And that’s really around the world.
Randy Hogan: Right now, we’ve got some really great work, defining the strategies in each of water and electrical. And when that whole strategy work is done, we will tell you exactly, what we think the growth rates, that we believe we’ll achieve these two separate companies will be. But I’m not going to pre-suppose that, I’ll let John.
Randy Hogan: That’s rounding Rob, it was a little higher in the first half, as we talked about, but it’s rounding.
Randy Hogan: Thanks, Hope. 2017 has been another eventful year for Pentair, as we’ve successfully divested our Valves & Controls business. Significantly strengthen our balance sheet, with those proceeds. Delivered our first half commitments and announce that we’re separating our Water and Electrical businesses into two standalone companies. We remain confident in our ability to drive double digit adjusted EPS growth for the year, as our focus remains on delivering the second half of 2017, against our commitments while standing up, two public companies. Thank you for your continued interest in Pentair and we’ll talk to you soon. Bye.
