John L. Stauch: Thank you, Randy. Please turn to slide number 9 labeled balance sheet and cash flow. Our free cash flow for Q1 was a usage of $112 million, consistent with expectations, and reflects our seasonal Q1 cash usage. This was higher than 2016, mainly due to timing of previous year tax payments and a working capital build in our Aquatic & Environmental Systems business, reflecting their strength at the beginning of the pool season. We tend to collect that cash in Q2 consistent with our business model. Our debt balance ended Q1 at $4.53 billion, reflecting the slight delay of collecting the expected proceeds from the V&C sale. ROIC ended Q1 at 10.6%. Please turn to slide 10 titled, expected impact of V&C delay. Slide 10 attempts to make three points. The first point is the $0.04 of operational beat in Q1 covers the $0.04 impact expected in Q2 for the delay of the receipt of the V&C proceeds and, therefore, not been able to restructure the debt in line with previous expectations. Point two is that we have not updated our Q2 through Q4 performance versus previous expectations and we will do so after we see the results from Q2 operations. This means we are still holding our full year guidance at $3.45 to $3.55 or a midpoint of $3.50 for the full year. And the third point is that while we had a slight delay in our debt restructuring for 2017, we want to remind you that this means we will see a four-month benefit in 2018 where we carry higher interest in the comparable period in 2017 or about $0.15 of incremental benefits in 2018 results. Please turn to slide 11 labeled cost out update. Due to the sale of V&C, we quickly got after our organizational structure and streamlined into two reporting segments and a leaner Pentair enterprise support organization. We did this to produce more standard business structures with clearer functional expectations, designed to serve our customers better at a lower cost structure. We are pleased to update that we are more than 95% complete against the previously stated cost out expectations and expect that all actions will be fully implemented by the end of Q2. These efforts results in over $75 million of net cost benefits realized in 2017 with an exit rate in Q4 that yields $100 million of net cost out heading into 2018. These costs include labor, manufacturing and operational overhead reductions designed to make us more consistent, predictable and higher performing. They do not include the net impact of material and inflation and are before the previously communicated headwinds related to higher expected employee bonuses and compensation adjustments in 2017 versus 2016 results. This is a great progress and it's good to put the reorganization behind us and allow us to focus on driving organic growth and leaner manufacturing and shared service support. Please turn to slide 12 labeled Q2 2017 Pentair outlook. As previously shared, we have kept Q2 operationally in line with previous expectations and only adjusted our Q2 EPS for the higher debt levels expected for the delay in our debt restructuring efforts. While we experienced much higher volume performance in Q1, we have not yet reflected that in Q2 results. We feel it's prudent to see how our important seasonally stronger second quarter plays out before declaring that revenue and operating results will be higher for the year. While we expect some of the Q1 sales momentum to continue, we're also monitoring increasingly higher material inflation and our ability to offset that inflation through a material negotiations or incremental pricing actions. Overall, for Q2, we expect that our adjusted core sales to be roughly flat, segment income to be up roughly 4%, ROS to expand nearly 150 basis points to around 20% and adjusted EPS to be up 14% reflecting a 20% tax rate and slightly better interest and a share count of around 183 million shares. Please turn to slide 13 labeled full year 2017 Pentair outlook. For the full year, we expect our overall adjusted core sales to be up slightly. We expect segment income to be up 5%, ROS to expand greater than 100 basis points to around 18%, and adjusted EPS to grow approximately 15% to around $3.50 at the midpoint. We expect cash flow to be 100% of adjusted net income. As previously mentioned, we will update our full year outlook after we see how Q2 growth and operational performance plays out. We have the V&C cash in hand and have a better view of our capital allocation decisions for 2017. I would now like to turn the call over to the operator for Q&A, after which, Randy will have a few closing remarks. Beth, please open the line for questions. Thank you.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, it's consistent with what we previously shared, Steve. I mean, there's no incremental impact on the year-over-year basis versus what we guided to earlier. So, we said it would be roughly $33 million and that's what we're counting on.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. And the other thing that happens there, too, Steve, is the profitability gets a little bit better as we go through the year. Meaning the year-over-year profit impact isn't as bad because in Q1 last year we had a lot of product sales on that project in thermal and those bring higher margins. So, the margin pressures ease as we go through the year as well.
John L. Stauch: Well, I mean I think – I don't know if I can reconcile with a $1.05, but I think clearly, if we saw the volume continue at the 3% to 4% level that we saw in Q1, continue in Q2, we would expect that to produce incremental drop-throughs associated with it. At the same time, we did have a little bit more material inflation in Q1. It wasn't significantly meaningful to the Q1 results, but we're starting to watch some of the inflation on some of the key components like copper, et cetera, start to rise. And as you probably saw from some of the distributor releases, the ability to get priced right now in the end markets isn't necessarily consistent in all markets. And that's what we're watching, is what happens to that end price and the material inflation squeeze and how does it affect us throughout the quarter, Steve.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, overall, I mean, we got about 1% price in Q1 and that's generally in line with what we expect to get. But what's more important is the predictability of the raw materials earlier than the pricing model works, right. So you go out with price increases and then you've got to figure out what's going to happen to materials. The materials are rising at a fairly quick rate. Steel, nickel, copper, those are our three main inputs to our material view. And it's just a matter of can we go out with another round of material – or pricing increases. Now, I think we were planning on about $50 million (23:02) of favorability from material as we – material and inflation as we headed into the year. And I think now, we're taking a look at maybe is that flattish. So given the upside in the revenue and also the acceleration of the cost out, we feel we're fine. But before we declare victory, we like to see it through Q2.
John L. Stauch: The main one we have is amortization. So, we show that to you both on operating income and then what we call EBITDA which puts the amortization back in. That's the main one.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. And that's slightly down is the way I would answer that, Scott. Obviously, Residential & Commercial is doing well. I think it's doing well everywhere but what we would call rural pump, rural submersible. We're seeing much more urban development and we're seeing that to the Water Filtration business. We're seeing that to our food service offerings. So Residential & Commercial, as Randy mentioned, even Electrical, CADDY very strong which is in the EFS business that we have. Municipal, it's okay. I mean I think everybody expected a big push in the infrastructure. We're not seeing headwinds there but we're not seeing the tailwinds of growth either. And then industrial, through what Randy mentioned in our Hoffman order take up mid to high-single-digits on orders, which we haven't seen growth in that space in a while. So that was nice to see, the recovery. So, overall, I would say food and beverage continues to get better. We had the large headwinds last year as we saw the mergers take place and some of the capital be delayed but that's returned. So, overall, right now, the verticals are moving forward in a very positive way and our only caution is that we have a lot of work to do this year. And one quarter behind us is good, but we have to now deliver on the commitments for the next three and that's what we're working on.
John L. Stauch: Yes, Scott. I mean real quick and I'll let Randy answer. I mean, I think, first of all, we have good discipline around locking material. We don't like to gamble or play the hedge bets here, right. So we go out and we lock our material in a disciplined way. What we're up against a little bit though and we shared this before is euro. And, certainly, the stronger dollar allows for potentially European-based competitors into the market and they're getting the benefits of their weaker currency. And that's a dynamic we haven't seen in the last several years. So it came about last year and we're monitoring that. Now, where we think we have the opportunity to raise price, we will, but at the same time, we're not going to lose share. And we're going to manage the sourcing end of the material inflation as well.
John L. Stauch: Yeah, too small to really move the needle, Nigel. I just think that we're not counting on any huge tailwind there from any reinvestments in the government, et cetera. We never have. Even when we've seen the big programs being invested on, we've not yet – we never really saw the realization of those investments. So, it's not a big enough of matter, Nigel.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, we'll be approaching somewhere around $3 billion in net proceeds, is what we think we'll be bringing in. And, obviously, our breakage will be minimal, so let's say less than a $100 million. And so we've got a lot of cash to work with on the refinancing and we'll run out of – in some cases with our cash generation this year what we're saying is we'll run out of debt to actually pay down. And so that forces us to...
John L. Stauch: So high quality problem but that's where the M&A and the buyback discussion start to come in because we wouldn't want to be sitting on cash and not putting it to work. But we have to do it in a disciplined way and we have to monitor the right acquisitions or is it time to go out and buy back a little bit of stock.
John L. Stauch: These are three large oil sand projects that were won and it really represents the end of the reset in the energy market. And they completed in 2016 and this year we have a headwind. But really what we're trying to do is give you both, right. So, we're giving you the volume, the price, and then we're sharing with you what those jobs are. And what we want to do is make sure that we take a look at what we're going to be exiting from an organic growth rate and what we should expect in these businesses as we go forward into 2018.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. As we said, Q2 was around $33 million, which is $30 million in Electrical. And then we're about $27 million in Q3 and we're $10 million in Q4. And all of that was listed in the Q4 earnings where we gave the guidance for 2017.
John L. Stauch: Just execution, Jeff. I mean I think – we want to see – we haven't grown at the mid-single-digit rate, as Randy mentioned, in a couple years. And when that happens, you've got to get your delivery and your execution done. We were moving a factory and we still are moving a factory. And we've received significant volume into that factory. And so, we delayed it from Q1 into Q2 and we're in the process of closing that factory, exiting it. And so, we're managing a lot of things simultaneously. That's all it is, Jeff.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. It does. I mean, I think we usually know the pool season. But we can't always time it by the precision of the month. And so, we did have a strong Q1 and, therefore, we think it will be a slightly less strong Q2, still strong, but a little less strong, as we see how that sell-through gets managed and that inventory gets managed by distributors.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. That $21 million is reflecting what we're talking about as the $75 million. So, it's better than 1 to 1, and that's the cost efforts – or that's the restructuring actions that are leading to the net cost out that we're referring to.
John L. Stauch: Price and volume. Okay. I mean, all we did was take the Q1 number and we let it ride through the year. We kept Q2, Q3, and Q4 exactly the same, adjusting only for the debt in V&C. So, I think, I would answer your question it was all volume.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. There's an incremental $10 million related to project accruals that we took in Q1 that were anticipated project settlement cost that we had related to those projects last year. So, it took down the revenue number in Q1 by approximately $10 million.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So real quick, I think we don't want to overdo this. I think our material is 38% of sales, right, roughly for Pentair. And our largest commodity purchase is around $200 million and most of the other clients we're talking to is about $100 million, $150 million on an annual basis. So, the big increases are also mitigated by the locks that we talked about earlier, but the timing of when we lock versus the timing when we price is sometimes disconnected. So, we're identifying maybe $10 million to $12 million material risks in the back half of the year. And if the volumes continue, we feel like we've got enough to offset that right now, even if we didn't get incremental price increases. But we're monitoring all this as we go through the year and we're listening to the same earnings call as you are. And we're hearing that price isn't easy to come by in the end markets. And that's why we're not as confident that we can just push through another price increase. So that's what we're managing. And right now I just want to clarify. We have not adjusted Q2, Q3 and Q4. And we're admitting that there might be some upside volume but we're also sharing with you that there could be some upside material risk – or downside material risk.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think that's a little more granular than we'd want to go to at this point for a forecast. I mean, what I said was what we gave on the – whatever we gave for guidance in Q4, into Q1 the only thing that's changed is Q1 performance and we haven't assumed any updates to the forecast of any of these throughout the year. And that's why we're waiting, is to see how Q2 comes out and then we would update all this information.
John L. Stauch: Hi, Steve. You're listening. It was originally $2.7 billion. We are approaching closer to the $3 billion mark. We believe the taxes are going to be a little bit more favorable to us than originally estimated. And then we also have timings of the accruals and the working capital and the cash performance of the business.
Randall J. Hogan: I'd say generally no. Nothing we expect to get worse. As I said, we'll update our full year guidance after we see second quarter because it is so important to us.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I think that still holds. We certainly will take a lot of debt off the table, but we have acquisitions. We've continued to fill the funnel on acquisitions. To the extent the prices are too high then we'll put money to work on stock buyback. But we have work to do to decide on that split, and we will be disciplined. We want to get back to creating the shareholder value we did in the first part of this.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, look, it's direct, right. One of the most important things boards do is to ensure proper succession. And I think we have a robust plan and we have one that we're comfortable with. So, when there's something to announce, I'm sure the board will.
Randall J. Hogan: I think the market – I do think the market is strong. I think everyone is experienced. And I think we had an earlier year. I think a lot of – what we might have seen in April last year, we might have seen a lot of that in March, that's – March and April, you can see things swing back and forth. But, by and large, we've got some exciting new products in controls and in heating and lighting coming out. And we continue to gain new dealers. So, the playbook keeps working.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I think, right now, the industry is really optimistic. And they clearly were laying inventory in in the quarter, because they're expecting a good year. And I think weather probably helped that some.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. When you take a look at the core Hoffman, it's really general industrial. Energy stabilized. They're part of energy, but it's just general industrial across the whole product range. And, again, I think, optimism played a role and distributors getting back to more normal stocking levels. But I don't think it was a pure stock up. I think it was selling through as well. And so, we exited with an order rate that was still sound and consistent with the first quarter.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. The fourth quarter certainly was – it was not expected. And I do believe, looking back on it in hindsight, I think a lot of distributors were just – with the uncertainty around a number of things in our economy, they just didn't stock up, whereas that optimism returns and it returns pretty quickly. We saw as early as January that we have returned to a more normal state. And 7% growth is better than any quarter growth last year. So, we have some really differentiated products there and that helped with productivity in construction – in commercial construction. And I think we're getting good uptake on those products.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, we really – the going into two segments was – as John said, it was to allow us and give us leverage to take the cost out and more than the stranded cost of the exit of Valves & Controls. And it let us really to streamline and simplify a lot. And so now we still have the same priorities we have on the Electrical side, some very attractive high profitability businesses that all have opportunities to grow. We want to get the organic growth and then we can augment that with bolt-ons. And then particularly in the Filtration area and the Aquatics area of Water, same thing. And we really have been more on the sidelines on a lot of that acquisition because of where we were with Valves & Controls in our debt levels. So, we'll be disciplined. We're not going to rush to the trough but we're excited to get back to growth because we want to show you. We know we can and we want to show you we will.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, shut out, we have – when we say disciplined, we don't believe in doing a deal just because it's quote strategic. We have to be able to make financial sense. And so on the Water side, things are pricey. On the Electrical side not so much. But we can be creative. We still have our ownerships, our European structure that's helpful. So, we still have some bullets in the gun or we're putting bullets back in the gun.
Randall J. Hogan: No. Actually ag was up in Flow for us, both in the Spray side and Irrigation side. It's really the larger pumps. That's the industrial pumps, fire protection, and the break and fix municipal that are the slow pieces both in Europe and the U.S.
Randall J. Hogan: And I would just add. One of the marks of an attractive business to us is – and it's a true tell, is do you have any kind of pricing leverage in your industry. If you do, then you probably have some differentiation. If you don't, they you probably don't. And it's a simple test that we use. And so yes, we in all of our businesses have pricing capability. What we want to do is make sure that we don't get out of whack with market share. And so we're trying to be more nuanced about it because we haven't grown enough.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. I think we need to do a better job of getting real sell-through from a lot of distributor – in all of our businesses. But from the indications we have, it is selling through. But I think – there was a real sense of – real surge of optimism, frankly, after the election, if you look at the timing of it. It didn't really hit in December. It was certainly when people got back from Christmas. You just saw business start to flow again. And some of that was restocking but most of it we believe was flowing through. Distributors are much more effective at keeping their stocks low and counting on manufacturers to deliver quickly to refill. And that's across the board. That's in every industry.
Randall J. Hogan: It's the ramp of the cost and it's in the first quarter. And it was really – John mentioned it earlier, the big projects we just talked about. It was shipping all products and so the margins on that were very high, in Q1. And then the margins fell off in Q2, Q3, and Q4. So that was really the two – that was the pressures in the Electrical side and we expect them to get better. So we expect the margins to look better going forward.
Randall J. Hogan: I have great confidence. I'm really grateful of the Pentair team and the Emerson people who've worked on it too. I'm grateful. I'm proud of the work they did. We've been ready to close this for a while, so – both sides. So I have high confidence that we can close when they tell us we can close.
Randall J. Hogan: In the coming days; we're waiting for two – we're waiting for Mexico and the United States and we feel good about them, but we can't close until we get the official word.
Randall J. Hogan: There was really no difference, actually. The higher growth was really just normal business. It wasn't early buy.
Randall J. Hogan: Basically fast growth markets is always a challenge. That's the most challenging place. And, as John said, we're dollar-denominated in most – to the most part and so the dollar is strong, so any place where we're competing with the euro-based competitors.
Randall J. Hogan: All right. Thank you. Thanks all for your interest and all the questions. As we communicated last quarter, 2017 is a transition year for Pentair. And we believe that our first quarter performance is a solid start. We're days away from the expected closing of our sales of Valves & Controls and look forward to regaining a stronger balance sheet. Of course we're going to remain disciplined in our capital allocation strategies. When we have more on that, we will announce it. We're even more confident in our ability to drive double-digit EPS growth for full year 2017. And we continue to position the company for continued long-term success. Thanks again for your interest in Pentair.
