Randall J. Hogan: Sure. In what we call Food & Beverage, we have 3 focus areas. One is agriculture, where we have 2 positions, which is basically irrigation, largely North American-related and then crop spray, which is on tractor, on equipment spray technologies, that is actually a global business. We have what we call our beverage business, which is supporting the manufacturers, if you will, of Food & Beverage. And then we have the Foodservice business, predominately our Everpure brand that supports the restaurants and other foodservice players. All 3 of those businesses grew double digit. Irrigation has been -- irrigation and crop spray has been a strong focus of ours, and that growth is coming in North America and is the strength of the farm communities, essentially it's driving those, as well as the nice global initiatives with some of the winning OEMs. If you recall last year in the beverage side, basically dairy and soda and beer, last year was a tougher year where the projects we're in -- we were working on a lot of projects but they weren't shipment. This year, we won a lot of those and they're doing very well. Dairy in North America is very strong, as well as beer. Not so much in the developed markets, but in the developing markets, particularly Africa and Southeast Asia, the beer industry is growing very rapidly. And we have leading technologies in that arena. Also in that arena is where we are getting the synergies. John mentioned $10 million of orders to date because of the synergistic offerings we have between our membrane technologies, our hygienic valves and the broad valve line that came from Tyco, and that's where the $10 million win. So the synergies are helping there. And then finally, Foodservice. We are the strategic partner for the leaders and we have a lot of very state-of-the-art systems that they're adopting as standards. And as they grow globally, we're winning with them. So that's been a focus of ours for a long time, as you know since 2003 actually, when we bought Everpure. And it's nice to see it all working.
Randall J. Hogan: Ill provide some texture for your and then John can add in. One of the things we've seen is fewer larger projects and a lot more smaller projects. That's reading out in service volume, it's reading out in MRO. And as we've said, we've seen more process bidding in the U.S. as capital, particularly for the chemical industry, cap spending in North America versus other areas has been rising. So we're seeing bidding activity there. I mentioned oil and gas is strong but lumpy quarter-to-quarter. And it's mostly upstream activity that we're involved in. There's a lot of midstream activity, but that's an area, I think, where we need to grow share. And then power, where we're the leader, we have a decent backlog. There's lots of activity in the developing world, we'd like to some of that to break free to shift. So John, if you'd add anything.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes. One thing I'd say is the new organization that has been put in place has really clarified and simplified some of the decision-making there, so we're -- I mentioned in the script that we're seeing an improvement in the margin and backlog. We felt to shift some what I would call ugly projects that we've taken with more revenue in mind than margin. That's the process that's been fixed. But we still have to mind some of that through the backlog into sales over the rest of the balance of the year.
Randall J. Hogan: One of the measures we always do when we talk about being in business where we can pull our own destinies, one of the proof positives of that is your ability to get some price. In our businesses that go through distribution, which are a lot of the ones that are growing right now, the Foodservice business, the Residential business, the irrigation business, the Aquatics business, through distribution, it's good structure, there's been no changes in competitive dynamics that would indicate to me that we shouldn't be able to sustain price there. The area that's always -- it's difficult to calculate price is in the project area. So in the project area, Food & Beverage, and the larger bids in Valves & Controls and Thermal, what we look there is that's why we're tracking margin in backlog. It's hard to say whether it's price, but the important thing is to get margin. So I feel good about our disciplines around price and I feel confident in our focus on price.
Randall J. Hogan: The wet North East in particular was -- it slowed Aquatics a little bit, but not much. And it's certainly was a benefit in our Flow Technologies business. They had strong -- they had good double-digit mid-teens kind of growth, largely driven by flood-related Residential & Commercial spending. Interesting aside, right now, globally, we have about 50 projects that we're working on, on flood protection. And these are large projects, obviously, more along the lines of what we've done in New Orleans and other places like that, in The Netherlands. So flood continues to be the good focus for ours. But Aquatics, our market share position and because of our leadership and technology and innovation in Aquatics, we do really well within a lot of pools, and that's the South. So they were less impacted by -- they actually had a slow start to weather-wise in the South, but it wasn't quite as impactful as -- if we had just been focused in the Northeast.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes. It's a later cycle recovery kind of product line. But I mean, yes, North America, I mentioned in the script that Residential & Commercial was up 8%, that was Europe down. So North America resi itself was up 12% to 14% overall in the quarter.
Randall J. Hogan: Sure. Let me parse it between the different segments. In the process area of Valves & Controls, we actually see some decent order activity and it's largely in the chemical arena and largely because of the low energy cost we talked about. Our second half assumption is around our Hoffman brand, the profitable juggernaut, if you will, of our Technical Products business, was that we would see the same kind of continuation in order rates. And as we mentioned, June went down. I wish we had better visibility and that's also through distribution. Right now, we just don't see the capital spending breaking out. So what we had was, we had a very profitable segment, a very profitable product line in Hoffman, where we didn't feel comfortable that we had the visibility on the base towards -- to continue with that base assumption that we'd see Industrial up 3% to 5% in the second half. So that's really what it is. I don't think that there's been a major draw down. We don't think there's been a major drawdown in inventory. We have really good visibility on our inventory in the channel. The thing that I've asked our business to do is find out we can see publicly which distributors are performing and we have a few peers left that we can track in terms of their growth. And seeing if we have been active enough in managing our distribution coverage to make sure that we are getting the add back where markets are growing. And that's an area where I'm not yet comfortable. We have adequate recovery, I'd say in the Bakken or some others that should be growing.
Randall J. Hogan: I don't know if it's that we're in different segments than our peers. But right now, as I mentioned, our service business is up, MRO is up. Now we have a strong focus on it. One of the beauties of the new organization is the clarity of focus we're getting on different areas and the teams rallying together really nicely. They really are running it as one valves team. And in particular, actually, we see the opposite in mining. We see a lot of the activity, particularly in Australia, moving since capital is down, we're seeing maintenance up, which makes sense right now. If you're not replacing equipment, you've got to maintain the equipment you've got. So I think it really depends on where your exposure is as to what you're seeing -- since mining, we've had a lot of focus on where we're losing -- where we're not seeing large projects, focusing a lot on smaller projects. And I think that helped us in MRO and I hope with share gain, but I don't know enough about the business yet to be confident in saying it is or not.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, it's really China. I mean, China for Valves & Controls and processes is down. And it's the slower capital spending that's going on there. We have a pretty substantial business there in Valves & Controls. And the rest of Southeast Asia is good. So it's really specific to China that's flowing. I mean, and I think everyone is talking about that.
Randall J. Hogan: I think it has more to do with just the general slowing of industrial activity there and them getting overshot. Most -- I think, every industry always puts in too much. When the growth rate changes, you really -- you have a bunch of capacity that gets put online that you don't need as soon as you thought. I mean it was true in the power industry in the U.S. and basically every -- happened to the pulp and paper industry over time, but I digress.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes. I would say it's less conservatism and it's more experientially-based. We always know it can go well. But we always know stuff goes wrong. And since we don't know what's going to go wrong, we're twice bitten, one shy. Once bitten, twice shy.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes. We referenced Canada. It is the oil sands that have slowed down and we had impact there in the quarter. Year-over-year, there was a really large shipment in the oil sands a year ago that wasn't in the number this year. That was the big Energy down, if you will, in that business. That business has done a nice job growing the smaller businesses though, and nice improvements in profitability in that. So we think most of those progress will go. And when they go, we'll do fine. But in the meantime, we'll grow elsewhere.
Randall J. Hogan: One of the things that, and this is actually kind of fun, one of the things that we're doing as we come to be one Pentair is really to establish a set of principles around how we build the business and forecast it. And anything that we really don't control our own destiny, have really high visibility, let's put those above the forecast. And that's where the philosophy of these megaprojects that John just talk about it came from. We love them when they have it. But we're going to build a business were that's more than gravy. On top of...
Randall J. Hogan: All realized below the base, yes. The point, Jeff, is that -- and you can even think about the $105 million versus the $90 million as higher yield of either productivity or synergies. And frankly, I mean, different because what we want to do is build business plans in each of these segments that incorporate both, right. And that's victory. That's only victory if it reads out at the bottom line. So we can't have higher synergies and lower productivity or vice versa. So that's the way we think about it. And that's what John was describing.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, right now, we never don't think about that and you're right, I did say, I always put things out 6 months, that's probably what I did when I said that. But we're always looking at how things that -- right now, we're going through a process in our strategy where we're looking at dozens and dozens of platforms and looking at the priorities. And at the end of that process, we'll decide where we are. But in particular, a lot of people asked about Australia. As we've gotten into Australia, we look at it we're sort of at the bottom of a cycle in terms of mining and domestic water spending. So we're finding some nice synergies and we're finding some people who are really buying into what we're doing in Pentair, we've taken some cost structure out. So I think it's a better business than I might have thought going in. All right. Thank you all. And operator, could you give the feedback or the call back number? Thanks.
John L. Stauch: No. I think you covered it. I think, I'll just add to Randy's point, that I think it's not as predictable as certainly our business and we would like, but we're still seeing nice orders and we're still experiencing right now, record backlog.
John L. Stauch: We think it's this simple, Jeff. I mean they had a Q3 fiscal year end and as you know, there is always a push for incentives and to ship as anything you can and book as many orders as you can by the end of whatever your fiscal year end is. The natural year end in this business, because it's a capital spending across an annual cycle, would normally be the Q4.
John L. Stauch: So what we're anticipating is that we will see a likely revenues that might have been accelerated into Q3, follow their natural course of action and likely land in Q4.
John L. Stauch: No. We're seeing strength across all of the -- what would be the legacy Pentair Water businesses. The only area that we have a little bit of headwind, Jeff, is we picked up a Water business in Australia, which is part of the Flow Control businesses. And there is a lack of projects in the backlog right now, primarily because most of the mining projects are being pushed into next year. So we don't have -- so we had a year-over-year headwind, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, relative to that item, and everything else is continued strength.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I think I mentioned in my remarks, we're at $105 million and we're exiting at $140 million plus. The plus would mean that we expect to realize $140 million of synergies from the exit rate of Q4, there, Josh. Plus, if you take a look into the financials, we also took some incremental restructuring initiatives this quarter, which will not likely benefit us until 2014. Obviously, we want to get as much as quickly as possible for 2 reasons. One is we want to make sure that, that's the tailwind for us and the second reason is we're driving the standardization across the GBUs for if and when we can do acquisitions again that they can become synergistic and quickly accretive. So there's a push to get that as sooner rather than later as far as the total synergies. And by the way, there's no governor on what the total synergies can be. And as we were trying to hint, we've got a clear pipeline that should take us higher than the $230 million that we're driving to.
John L. Stauch: We don't have anything quantified at the moment, Steve. It doesn't mean we wouldn't continue to look at opportunities. I mean, I think every time we meet and learn more about these businesses we see more opportunity around the corner. And definitely if we're going to see a flatter industrial cycle over the horizon, we'll likely go back for more. But right now we don't have anything quantified and we don't have any specific projects in the pipeline.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I mean, I think in the $230 million, I mean our goal would be if we look at '14 and certainly in '15, we've set aside what we call this integration standardization team budget and we should be able to handle annual restructuring within that context as we drive to the '14 and '15 numbers.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I think all your math is accurate. So the only 2 items that I would bring some color to, which were negative mix impacts or negative productivity is we were down double-digit in our Residential & Commercial EMEA business, that's a highly profitable business for us. So that's inclusive on that negative productivity or negative volume impact, Steve. And then the second one is, some of these beverage projects, these large systems that we are putting into the new breweries do bring through a little bit lower margin than when we get the replacement membranes through those systems. So those would be the only 2 things that I would add in addition to the math that you went through.
John L. Stauch: Yes. Scott, I mean, I think we're looking at about 160 basis points a year and we went public saying about 80 basis points a year from core and 80 basis points from the synergies and standardization. And against that 80, I'd say absolutely. And I think we feel like there's more on the court, too. I mean if we get more revenue growth or see more quarters of 4% and above, we should be inching that base higher than what we're targeting because volume leverage is a very powerful thing.
John L. Stauch: We're up high-teens. And just to add to Randy's, and I think this was in his remarks. I mean, the North American residential segment as a whole grew low-double digits. So we saw that strength and clearly we had some easier comparisons on retail, in flow, and so those were up very, very strong. And even Filtration and Processes, Water softener market was up nearly 5%, which that's only the second quarter in a row now that we've seen that growth and that's a later cycle.
John L. Stauch: It's obviously an average, but yes -- you can read into it that, that is below our experience level and we'd be disappointed if we only achieved that result.
John L. Stauch: I don't think it will be that pace. We haven't figured out what we're going to do yet, but we felt that it made sense to accelerate the buybacks given what we are looking at in the acquisition funnel and...
John L. Stauch: And the good cash flow that we had. Obviously, we'll take a look at what Q2 and Q3 and the remainder of the segments look like, look at it at the appropriate time.
John L. Stauch: Just to follow-up on Randy's point real quickly. I mean, I think where we're seeing deferrals is in the larger projects. Then we continue to see those larger projects, as many of our other peers have said, being pushed out now. Now Randy and I were also talking that in the industrial space, the capital is at an all-time borrowing rates low, IRR is a really high on putting capital to work. And with the threat of increasing interest rates, at what particular point in time are we going to see that breakthrough, that's not in our forecast right now. But that's what we're monitoring and keeping an eye on.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I think Randy mentioned this earlier. We do have a few larger projects that are in the backlog that are working their way through, and they will probably be working their way through Q2, Q3 and Q4. Those were won previously. And as Randy also mentioned earlier, we've changed our focus to be more of making sure that we've got a better insight into what the margin backlog is. And quite frankly, our margin backlog is higher now, so that bodes well for the future. But what we've got is a little bit of the shipment that we still have to get.
John L. Stauch: Yes. Two particular currencies. One is the Australian dollar, which is a big piece of this on $1 billion or so of Australian business we have in both Valves & Controls, the legacy Pentair businesses and also the flow or the pipe and systems business was inside of legacy flow. And the second currency would be the euro. And we did do this forecast at about $1.29. I do recognize that, that's slightly below where the current euro-dollar is. This was factored on about $1.29.
John L. Stauch: Yes. And I'd say we've got it closer to high-single digits in Q3 and Q4. And I think the main reason for that, as Randy mentioned earlier, some of our fast-growth region volume is more project-oriented or related to where the orders in the backlog and the timing of that backlog is. So we do have forecasted higher single digits for fast-growth regions in total for the second half of the year.
John L. Stauch: Well, China would be a part of that as well. I mean one of the markets in China that's big for is power. And we've been building the backlog and throughout the last 3 or 4 quarters, and we do expect those projects to ship in the second half.
John L. Stauch: I can tell you that the standard margin in backlog is about 1 point higher in the outlook than it will shift. So if I take a look at 2014 and beyond, it's about 1 point higher than what we'll finish shipping in 2013. And it's related to 3 or 4 larger projects or one about what, 18 months ago, Randy? And those projects are at a very, very low margin. And as Randy mentioned, we've changed that behavior to be more margin-focused, and so I think we have a richer more favorable backlog as we go forward.
John L. Stauch: Yes. Just to remind everybody, what we did was we did go in and pro forma the financials for the thermal business, excluding megaprojects or large projects. So our forecast and the way we're looking at it is primarily base projects and product shipments. And as Randy mentioned, we believe we can grow mid to single digits at that business. And then these particular large projects that we're talking about, they would be phenomenal to have. But we don't have to have them in the way you described it.
John L. Stauch: Yes. It's actually a very profitable piece of the overall business. It's just that there is not a lot of large projects in the backlog and/or in the shipments now. And as you know, the business can cycle up and down from, call it, 10%-ish margins to 20%, 25% at the peak. So towards the bottom of that assumption. And we think there's a political situation that's got to unwind itself as far as the tax on the mining groups. And as that unwinds, we're hopeful that the future is a lot better than the current environment that we're participating in.
John L. Stauch: Well, Jeff, I think not to confuse you, but here's the way to look at it. When we look at the sourcing in Lean, there's both a base and a synergy. And as we've said before, it's hard to track what truly is a synergy sometimes versus what's the base expectation. So we have productivity funnels. We need those productivity funnels, and we've driving gross margin and making sure that volume is leveraged appropriately. Clearly, when we look at the operating margin of Pentair and we look at the operating margin of our businesses, there's a substantial amount of opportunity between where we are and where our benchmark peer groups will be at. And we're not going to lose sight of that opportunity and what we're really trying to do and Randy was talking to me yesterday, we have to drive the business models. And that business model creates that opportunity and these are rich pipelines, but I think they're going to continue to get richer as we go forward.
