John Stauch: We are seeing -- we are expecting to see little inflation if no inflation is there, Steve. I mean clearly we are going to expect especially in Valves & Controls more difficult pricing environment with our large customers and they are going to ask us to work with our channel partners and suppliers to keep cost down. So we are basically assuming no inflation right in material. 
John Stauch: We are downstream for sure. So what we saw was -- what we are recalling earlier, Steve is we saw those orders being delayed in Q2 and Q3. And in fact they just continued to push out so most of the weakness was in the downstream and the capital expenditure models of our customers. 
John Stauch: Yes. We did more in the quarter. It's really what we were referring to as we started to see some of the currency challenges and the oil and gas headwinds we went to the businesses and took incremental restructuring. So far up to 2015 we are not anticipating any more so our current guidance reflects net adjusted end reported are equal there. If we need to do more we will do more. 
John Stauch: Yes. I'll start with just framing and I mean we still think we are roughly 400 to 500 basis points behind what we call a peer group that continues to perform and improve their margins as well. And so we still haven't -- I look at this as opportunity but we acquired some 20 ERP systems and lots of global back offices and lots of entities that we never integrated, and so what we are doing and we are launching this year is OMT initiative which is our operating model transformation and as we go live we will be able to put all these businesses on a common framework and really believe that there is enormous potential that still remains on the margin side. I'll let Randy comment on incremental value for them.
John Stauch: A lot of the benefits that we have been getting in 2013 and 2014 were lean sourcing, lowering operational fruit, fixing quality delivery and over time and premium freight -- 
John Stauch: And then a few small plant closures as Randy mentioned. Also fixing some low margin product mix challenges, so a lot more of the operational prioritization side and what we realized in 2013 and 2014. What we are going to see now coming in 2015 and beyond will be the benefits of related to OMT is we would see coming through primarily the G&A side as well as more operational efficiencies and working capital improvement.
John Stauch: Yes. I think just to clarify to you Scott, I think the update we probably gave last time included the foreign exchange impact and the flat to down 2% that we are looking at now which is core, if you look at them on a FX or the same basis we think it is maybe two points worse on the top line -- 
John Stauch: Yes. I think we definitely adjusted two points down on the top line. As you know, there is piece every single year that you head into the year and shippable backlog, so we've FX adjusted as shippable backlog and that makes up almost 50% of the shipments we expect this year and then the rest is what orders you take in and the booking ship nature of those orders within the year. So I think we are really talking as Randy mentioned earlier what is the impact to 2016 and 2017 as we kind of go to through the year with Valves & Controls and what happens with oil prices and what happens with this end market that we are facing. 
John Stauch: Yes. I mean I think we took out the translational impact of foreign exchange; it still seems double digit operating income across most of these segments. 
John Stauch: Yes, Scott, I think we really -- we are seeing a richer funnel of M&A activity right now and we think that our business that we mentioned that are more standardized and certainly the ones that are growing organically you could certainly benefit from adding some content to their customers. And I think this could be a year where we complete several transactions. And if those don't materialize and we feel like they are fading away from the funnel then we would look at our capital allocation strategy again and certainly buyback is a smart thing to do if you don't have any use of the capital. 
John Stauch: I would just say you are going to see a higher level of basis point improvement in Valves & Controls and flow and filtration solutions. Both have significant standardization opportunities in front of them. And both obviously Valves & Controls because they started lot later but both have more lean opportunities. What I call the systems and technical solutions, they have pretty nice margins. And the majority of their platforms but some of their platforms still substantial opportunities as well. So we see margin improvement across all of them. But you are going to see the majority of the opportunity in flow and filtration solutions and Valves & Controls. 
John Stauch: Yes. That's in discontinued operations, Brian. So there is no impact of water transport. The full year guidance was just adjusted $0.10 on a lower end and $0.10 on a higher end for further foreign exchange. And when -- as the currency moved probably just the year ago from the mid $1.20 all the way down $1.13, so that's really what we are adjusting for this Q -- sorry Q1 is little bit more FX on a year-on-year basis of headwind and then there is plus shipping days in the quarter and it is just overall not the strongest quarter of the year. 
John Stauch: I mean roughly yes we do still have significant working capital improvement in front of us. We are not forecasting a lot of improvement in 2015. But it remains our largest opportunity and so really on a cash flow to net income basis we are somewhere that $1.15 to $1.20 range I mean you can like collect cash once, so we had a strong cash performance in 2014 and we are expecting a strong gain in 2015. Not really cutting capital, we are prioritizing it. And we are prioritizing it to program that have the highest level of return. And right now we've always generally had a concept here that we have creativity for capital. And that's part of lean and a lot of our businesses are realizing that through the lean adoption especially our newer businesses they have less capital are required. So where we have opportunities to upgrade for automated purposes or driving significant productivity, we continue to fund those projects as they generate substantial returns. 
John Stauch: In Valves & Controls, yes, I mean obviously it is anticipated pricing so it's not anything to do with margin and backlog. So these are projects that on horizon so you don't usually score keep price but the competitive dynamics will be tougher. And so therefore we will have to get tougher in our cost reductions to be competitive on those projects.
John Stauch: Yes. I don't -- I think we don't want to interpret; there is a lot of confidence in the backlog increasing. I mean what we are suggesting is that the orders throughout the year will reflect the projects in the market that we are participating in. And so I am not suggesting that we are going to raise backlog substantially for the year. We are actually saying -- 
Randy Hogan: Not really that. We are looking for -- how do we turn the FX change and doing advantage from a sourcing standpoint, yes. That's one of the active actions we have on; we don't have anything quantified yet, so Europe on sale and some other countries are too.
Randy Hogan: Yes. You are already seeing rig counts declining. Projects that are committed the downstream once refining and other profit-- those committed ones are we think are moving ahead and we are seeing releases on those. What it means for downstream in 2016, we will figure out but we are seeing a much faster change in the upstream activity. Midstream, they look good.
Randy Hogan: Well, yes, North America clearly is a lot of coverage on that. But North Sea offshore which is obviously North Sea even Middle East.
Randy Hogan: I appreciate that. And we didn't do it to make anyone's life difficult or to make things opaque when we merge the companies two years ago; we have seven GBU that wasn't sustainable. We got down to five GBUs and what this alignment was we have some under performance in one of the GBUs, we are getting cost structure that's easy and fast but the real focus is to get -- we now have all of -- in water we have all of our standard product sold through distribution in one business and now we move the engineer solution or filtration together with the engineered solutions or flow particularly with the exit of the big box so we have more consistency of end market and channel this way. And hopefully get some leverage.
Randy Hogan: Yes. We feel pleased about where we are, we are two years in. I hesitate to call and declaring victory but we are pleased with our progress and I put it that way. And we are pleased because we believed in going in there, there were some very good businesses, they were not performing at the level they could perform if you apply good operating discipline. And this two years has proven that number one, yes, they are good businesses. Number two, our approach which we call PIMS was fundamental to bringing operating disciplines to those businesses very quickly. It raises our confidence and raises the Board's confidence; it raises many of shareholders' confidence that we can do it again. Our capacity is larger and what I mean by that our capacity and our expertise and the talent base we build to do it again. And we believe that we created a lot of value through doing it. And we talked before that the biggest myth in Tyco was the fact that if you go back to the Form -10 forecasted growth that they would see in those businesses was at least 3x higher than in all of the segments than what the world really delivered on that two years so we over delivered on what we controlled in an environment that turned out to be not as good. So what's the implication for M&A, we believe we have capability and we should put it to work. But we are going to remain discipline. We have the capacity, we mentioned in a $1 billion worth of capacity and but we are going to remain disciplined. We wanted to fit our five -- our five questions we always go through which is how does it fit our strategy? Number two, how is the financials work? Number three, why we the right buyer? Where is the value? And actually we have more offered there now with our capital structure and tax structure and our domicile. We actually have more unique opportunities to bring to play there. And then what's the integration plan importantly and what's the integration team? And we really got that right on Tyco. And we are not going to rush anything but we certainly up on our toes, on our balls of our feet looking out.
Randy Hogan: Well, I'll ask John to give you a little more detail on the forecast. As we look at our forecast -- our forecast is we restart valves to basically be flat year-over-year and it is going to work to be there because we are seeing some price pressures. Our base case of how we are looking at this is where our underlying base case is that oil is going to be in turmoil for at least another 9 to 10 months. And even when it gets back up to more what let's call it sustainable level of $70 a barrel. The spending in the oil companies isn't going to snap back as quickly and snapped away. And I think they remain cautious. But it is basically supply demand in balance. So the price went lower than people expected, so they weren't forecasting the six months ago, I tend to be cautious about the forecast they make now. That's why we are assuming -- we are not assuming that there is any kind of snap back. 
Randy Hogan: We put process industries and petrochemical not in a sort of after the refinery, petrochemical and other chemicals that aren't just petrol related. We put that in our industrial category. There are still a lot of attractive economics to most of those projects and we are not seeing cancellations there. Some of the ones that are on the deep planning board may have a little bit of doubt to them now but even the LNG facilities, all the ones that FERC has approved and we expect those to go forward. We still have the opportunities to ship natural gas overseas to other countries. We have in North America; we still have an advantage if not an even more advantaged situation. 
Randy Hogan: Yes. Our performance on productivity and managing inflation and actually price realization wasn't very good in that GBU. 
Randy Hogan: Yes. It is about half. What we did there as we -- that's the reality if you price it today and revalue it with FX today, so we just think that's like the better way to do it because if you sold it today that's what sort of would be add and Valves & Controls business we have fairly large book of business actually in Europe is booked in euros but to change that more in dollars, it is work to be done yet. So that's what we are doing there. 
Randy Hogan: No. We are hearing from customers as John mentioned customers asking us to look hard at price and on what's being lack, what's being worked but not in what's in the backlog.
Randy Hogan: Yes. So this number here represents the translational impact of the dollar against global currencies. It is unprecedented and being that the dollar strengthens against every currency generally in the world. I mean usually there are natural hedges where the dollar weakens against some and strengthens against others. There is as Randy mentioned also the transactional benefit that we would expect and that would come through the sourcing line where the lower currency is actually giving us productivity and less expensive purchases. I would think that somewhere in the 40% of this number range. And that we will see to the sourcing benefit. As far as what everybody else is doing a hedging, I remain interested and curious. We are looking at some of those options but quite frankly we got to find a way to make them work into our reporting and as you know you can hedge sequentially but you can't hedge year-over-year. So we have to be comfortable that if we were to do that everybody would understand what we are doing and I think right now there is -- it is anybody's call what's going to happen and so I am not a genius at hedging so we have to look at the upside and downside. 
Randy Hogan: Well, I mean really and we wanted to turn some of that increased capability to improving our differential growth. But we actually haven't touched the go to market side of Valves & Controls, so we are focusing on the operating side so that we can keep growth going but frankly I am disappointed with the performance on the growth side of Valves & Controls, so I think we need to leverage that to get better connected and leveraged and gain share on -- based on the execution improvements we've had in things like pressure management where we have moved situations very difficult up to being almost high performing in terms of delivery and quality. We should be gaining a lot more share from that. 
Randy Hogan: Sure. On the first one, a lot of that strength in industrial is North America, is the North American investments and you can see the ISM numbers. We've also had -- one of the reasons we are up energy there is that we've launched a new line of product that is finding good promise particularly in the downstream refining and really very well received by customers. So we believe we are gaining share in that product line. So it's end market it is North America and it is both the discrete and process manufacturing so that's why we feel like second half bodes well for the industrial part of technical solutions there. On the oil sand, the oil sand there is small projects are going forward the MRO, it is a hostile environment that requires money to be spent to keep it going. And we think it will, that money the MRO the short cycle will keep going. Couple of larger projects have been affirmed and going forward. And I think all the other projects are probably -- all the projects that haven't been given the go ahead are questionable at this point. That would be my conjecture. 
Randy Hogan: Yes. Let me start with -- seven GBU was too many, I think four was just right. We are really driving towards a simpler structure that is more intimate for John and I in particular to deal with the presidents on the opportunities and challenges that they each have. We had a mix, we had two in the process technologies we had the water quality businesses which included pool and residential filtration. These are products that were -- they are largely standard, they are engineered but they are standard set of products largely sold through distribution. And it is a different go-to-market model than the engineered bespoke filtration systems that was at the high end. And it is closer to the infrastructure and industrial kind of things that flow does particular as flow is moved away from the big box business. So we have the opportunity to get cost but we have a simpler organization, they are each well over a $1 billion in size so we have scale and we have expectations on those four presidents that are higher, clear and more demanding. 
Randy Hogan: $200 million out of the $1 billion. The original approval was the $1 billion over multiple years and first $200 million was what we intended to do this year -- we finished it already. 
Randy Hogan: And I just add also those higher margin ones, water quality systems and technical solutions, they have really good growth opportunities and we want to make sure that we are taking that high profitability and high grading with they are going after so that we can continue to drive that. You see that in a technical solutions performance in the fourth quarter where we had good quarter growth and we got significant margin expansion on top of that which is the operating leverage. 
Randy Hogan: I mean we would expect that the European business is -- European base businesses will be more competitive globally and so that over time macroeconomics would say that would favor economic growth there, economic growth there -- it would be good for the world unless it comes with the expense of another region like -- 
Randy Hogan: No. We said -- what we said was that customers are asking us to participate in the difficulties they are facing. But nothing has been renegotiated. This is on new things. So just what I would characterize, I would characterize it is tougher pricing environment on the horizon. 
Randy Hogan: Our performance on the integration of Tyco is what I said it has been very, very good and we have one company now, it is not Tyco, it is not Pentair, it is one new Pentair -
Randy Hogan: We are -- we have demonstrated with our performance and we have lots of happy shareholders as a result. The M&A -- I would not rule out oil and gas but I wouldn't say if that was necessarily the priority. I wouldn't say anything in particular to priority, we will apply our disciplines, we will apply our four questions or five questions and if we find things that are -- that meet our screen we will be active. If we don't -- 
Randy Hogan: Well, Technical Solutions and water quality systems are our highest performing businesses. We like those a lot but all four of the businesses do have opportunities in one or more of their 18 platforms, but I won't in the interest of competitive thus -- 
Brian Konigsberg: Actually, I guess I was asking a different question. I was just looking at your Q1 2015 guidance. You're looking -- the comparison is $1.64 billion. When you reported it, it just was $1.725 billion in the first quarter of last year.
Brian Konigsberg: Okay. And I think actually the full year 2014 number -- well, actually I'm sorry. The full year 2013 number is a little bit different too. Anyway we'll follow up on that.
Brian Konigsberg: The base was just -- okay, got it. Separately, just on working capital, so you kept the free cash flow assumption. I think when you gave the outlook for 2015, you only anticipated about $10 million of working capital benefit. Is that still the same in the outlook? And maybe separately, just maybe comment on the lower CapEx, where you're cutting and --
Brian Konigsberg: If I could sneak one last in, just on the FX. So obviously with the stronger dollar and the weaker euro, would you anticipate that to translate actually into greater demand within the European region? Is that in the plan at all or maybe just general thoughts on -- 
