John Stauch: Thank you, Mark. Please turn to Slide number 14 labeled 2020 current planning assumptions. While we have suspended our guidance until better visibility returns, we wanted to provide some of our current planning assumptions to help you understand how we're approaching the outlook for the remainder of the year. First, we are planning for recessionary environment. Forecasts call for double-digit declines in GDP in the short-term and it's hard to imagine that we would be immune from these external forces. While we have some businesses that may fare a little better than others such as our pool and water solutions businesses, other parts of the portfolio might see more significant near-term headwinds. As a result, as Mark highlighted earlier, we are aligning our costs with a lower expected value. We do have additional cost levers to pull if necessary. But we want to be thoughtful in pulling any of these levers too soon. We've made a number of significant investments to better position our Consumer Solutions business. And while we may delay some of those investments, we do not want to cut them off altogether. Our Pentair employees have been a big part of building our businesses. And I would like to keep our talented teams in place. And I'm hopeful that we can weather the storm and aggressively pursue opportunities in our segments as the economy recovers. As Mark highlighted earlier, we feel our liquidity is in a very strong position. We have historically been a strong cash flow generator. And I believe that we're well-positioned financially to weather this uncertain environment. Finally, our goals remain on protecting our employees, customers, and our businesses. We will continue to optimize our free cash flow and liquidity. And we expect to deliver the best financial results possible in near-term, while focused on our longer-term strategies. Before I turn the call over to Shelby for Q&A, I want to thank Mark for his partnership to me since 2008, and his tireless dedication to Pentair. I'm sure when Mark said he would stay to oversee a smooth transition, he never envisioned a quarter like this. I'm very excited to have Bob on board and he and Mark are driving a seamless transition. I'm very confident that Bob will be a great replacement for Mark, but I'm still losing and will miss one of my best friends. I wish you all the best, Mark. You truly deserve it. I would now like to turn the call over to Shelby for Q&A after which I will have a few closing remarks. Shelby, please open the line for questions. Thank you.
John Stauch: Yes, Josh, I mean clearly we thought we're going to have a Q1 and quite frankly, it would have even been better than it was given the fact that we had to at given times we had five factories that were completely closed, and we were working through all of the global challenges around the shelter in place or the orders, country-by-country. So as I'm sure many companies have already shared that that became a little bit disruptive. Really proud of the teams about how they moved to create the social distancing and get most of our factories up and running because we didn't see supply chain disruptions very much but we did leave a little bit of backlog heading into the quarter. We did see starting April that the order rates are declining. And as I mentioned in my comments, we're not going to be immune. I think the fact that most global restaurants hospitality, et cetera closed, it's going to take a while for our distribution channel to balance that inventory need. One of the things we did learn though is that when these restaurants come back and open up, they're more likely to change those cartridges out for our water filtration unit. So that's the visibility we need to actually be able to call it. But across the portfolio as we started April, we certainly started to see order declines and revenue declines.
John Stauch: Right now all of our factories are open. The degree of open and degree of capacity varies obviously, Josh, but right now we have 100% of our facilities deemed to be essential and therefore available to produce product.
John Stauch: Yes, Jeff, I appreciate the question. I mean I'd answer it a couple ways. First of all, we're global business, as you know, so everything's in a very degree of response to what's going on with this pandemic. I don't think April's a great month to judge anything on in general just because it's a very short month; it's got some holidays in. But if I put it in a context, I mean nothing was immune from an order softness, even including our pool business. As we mentioned, in our comments, I do think while we believe our pool business is likely to hold up through this at least Q2 because it is a key season and we do think those in-ground pools are going to be serviced, we do think that we're going to see a slowdown or push-out as some of the remodeling or the new pool builds as people monitor their spends. So I would just say overall, I mean we saw a pretty sharp decline in April to start. And we think our steepest decline for the year will be Q2. That being said, we also have the season for most of our businesses that might help mitigate it. So we're in a observe mode here for the next week or two as we watch orders and the order patterns. And also as we make sure that we're checking beyond our distributors into the sell-through into the channels, because that's key for us is what's tapping the sell-through to the consumer and then we can make our decisions on what we think the buy is going to be for the rest of the year.
John Stauch: I would say things like Ag OEM where we have the OEM offerings or we have into maintenance or equipment builds that would be on the sharper side, but they're here in the sort of like a 20% decline kind of range.
John Stauch: I would say the question was specifically to IFT but I would say it would be relatively same across both ends of the portfolio and so that's both the total company and an IFT response.
John Stauch: I would say if you look at the revenue for the total year, I think that would be the relative expectation we would have. So sales minus material, and then mitigated by cost actions to get to somewhere around a mid-30s decremental.
John Stauch: Yes, our actions right now been limited to trying to pace the manufacturing labor in accordance with the volume declines and utilizing furloughs in those particular areas to make sure our employees are well taken care of and be there when the volume comes back as well as aggressively attacking purchase services and obviously getting benefits from things like PED and no Trade Shows for remainder of the year, Steve. So that's been where we are today which has been a cash focus. We have not yet looked at those 2008, 2009 levers, those are the ones that we're talking about would be the next lever to pull or any permanent reductions. And that would be based upon how we see things start to uncover here as we work our way through Q2.
John Stauch: I think you probably gave a pretty good answer there that once you get up to that like mid-20s then I think our decrementals start to get worse, right? I mean there's a level one of actions we're taking right now, we feel very confident. If volume continues to get challenged, we take that next set of actions and can still hold those decrementals. But yes, when you start, if you got up to like a mid-20 number, I think the decrementals would start to get worse. I don't see that at the moment, I don't see that happening in the long-term. And so what we're really looking at is really where are the longer-term order rates are and where are the longer-term sell-throughs for our products, and then have more visibility of product line by product line, what we think the impact is going to be, not just for 2020 but what we think a potential recovery could be into 2021. So I mean, really what we're doing is trying to position ourselves as best for how we recover.
John Stauch: Sell-throughs have hung in through the visibility that we have not to our original forecasts, but we're doing relatively okay. But as I mentioned, I would be concerned as we proceed here through Q2 and Q3 that we start to see a slowdown or a pullback in the new construction build side or the new remodel which is a much higher price tag for the end consumer.
John Stauch: I'd say no. I mean, I just clearly share with you where we are. I mean, the sell-through to us matters because it's ultimately an indicator of how our distribution channel is going to prepare to support the dealer channel for those views and held up, like I said, for the most part, but we expect that as we move through Q2 and head into Q3 that we're going to see the order rates decline primarily around servicing those new pools or remodel pools. That's the working assumption right now. So I would say as we head into Q2, I don't think this pool business will fare better, it's not going to be immune to a year-over-year headwind.
John Stauch: And I think if we thought about price adjustments as we head in 2021, that's probably where you'd see less of an increase if things continue the way they were.
John Stauch: Yes, so just to put in perspective, the big consumer enabled investment we're making across Consumer Solutions is really the front-end win capability to be able to create a digital lead and to be able to transact that lead all the way into a collection. That project is ongoing; it will be completed by the end of the year. But order of magnitude think about a $3 million to $5 million kind of cash flow spend there, so not sizeable or significant in any one quarter and certainly something that I want to get after because of the impact it has in the business. There's natural delays in spend things like new product developments, new product development actions. Those are going to delay even if I didn't want them to because our lab capacity is not yet back up to 100% and a lot of new product designs are being pushed a little bit, at least a quarter to the right. As I mentioned, the Trade Shows, the marketing activities, et cetera, they're going to have a lot less impact. And so they're easier to moderate the spend on as we think about the investment cycle and the value of that investment. So I mean I think the only one that I'm keeping going really is our web enabled and I think it's important that we continue to build our brand and lean into this as a water expert, and a Consumer Solutions leader and that that's really, just that web capability, which I think is pretty modest given our overall cash generation.
John Stauch: No, you got it right. And in my remarks, I said our Consumer Solutions water business or Water Solutions has several different channels. There's the traditional lead generation which would be more localized in nature, health probably not going to state fairs to do that business or kitchen and bath show, but you're still doing direct mail. We're seeing a lower response rate as far as the overall customer asking people to come and do the water filtration installs. That being said, we have a higher yield of the people that are asking to the actual convert, right. So less quotes but overall a higher percent of those quotes turning into sales. And that's what we're monitoring here as we move through. I mean other industries are dealing with this too. And I think we're just moving to contact less visits, training our employees to not touch things while they're there, looking at wearing masks, all those types of things to prepare for a safety environment. So we'll see how that unfolds in the next couple of quarters that's really where we're, Joe.
John Stauch: Yes, I would say primarily two things mix of business. As I recall, I mean both businesses did fair bit well. We did have some challenges to get product out in our pool business. We continued some of those investments, as I said, but we also had to move to the shelter and place expectations primarily in China first where we had China shutdown. And so across all of our factories even though we were up and running between social distance things and the types of things we had to do to keep those factories running, we certainly weren't at 100% of our expected productivity yields.
John Stauch: Yes, I can. I obviously am very interesting curious of how things unfold because they were the first experiencing -- experience things they're first to go back to normal or you saw they work. But candidly even though we're having and seeing restaurants open in China, we're not seeing the traffic in those restaurants anywhere near pre-pandemic and think of that maybe is a third or 50% and the aspects of people coming back into the capacity used to have. When it comes to the residential commercial side and the retail elements, the way people transacted was going into a retail area, looking at the particular device that they wanted to buy, and then ordering online, that traffic is also a lot slower than it was pandemic. So while our capacity is up and running, we're seeing demand slowly recover but at a very moderated rate. And I can't predict when it's going to come back to pre-pandemic levels. But let's say it's climbing up the curve slowly.
John Stauch: Yes, so a couple of things. In filtration our F&B is really around pure membrane filtration components into dairy into beer and then as the CO2 recovering the sustainability. So productivity and efficiency is what it really promotes on the Industrial Filtration side, that business is still doing relatively okay, especially given the fact that beverage is generally up across the world. If you flip that into Consumer Solutions, that's where we've got the water filtration into hospitality. So hotels, restaurants that is the business that's been extremely challenged. And while we expect that to come -- start coming back online as we see states and countries open, I think that's going to be a long slug to get back to anywhere near pre-pandemic levels.
John Stauch: Yes, couple of things. I mean I want to be clear. I mean, as far as direct sourcing savings, we're expecting inflation to moderate, but I haven't put a lot of savings into the forecast regarding that just because of the length of time it takes to realize. What I was talking to is purchase services more discretionary spend or outside purchased services. And listen we're not the only company doing that. So delaying, deferring, eliminating is really what we're doing there. So it's not really supplier negotiations, more of our choice not to spend.
John Stauch: And he's listening on this forecast. He owns this forecast. And he's been a big part of it. So thank you, Deane.
John Stauch: Yes, I appreciate it Deane. That is a great question, I mean, but here's really where I was at. I got to a point where we have large facilities, especially at support pool and pool as you know is a big piece of our overall revenue stream. And as these state shelter and places started to be named and there was confusion about what was essential and non-essential, I felt we needed to pull the guidance because the decision on any given day could become a material event to Pentair's earnings and disclosures. So we were able to work through those better than I anticipated and we shipped more products than I thought we would. But that's -- that's the short answer to you.
John Stauch: I would struggle saying all. I think we're well into the 90% type of range where our pool dealers are sharing with us that they're servicing pools in their particular areas, and probably even higher than that and pool turns green if you don't do anything with it. So it's also an outdoor backyard type of activity. So I think they've been able to work through that relatively well-being. But we're in constant contact with that channel that channel is reporting that they're back servicing pools for sure.
John Stauch: I think it's lack of visibility right now, Deane. I mean one hand you would say in your gut, that states are going to be challenged certainly for budgets and tax revenue. And they're going to see a compression of the overall tax revenue and how to spend it. So you'd say that that would be a negative potential headwind that would start to unfold in Q3 and Q4. In the same sense, a lot of these states and the federal government are talking about infrastructure builds to try to get people working again. So I don't know yet. And that's a big part of the lack of visibility that we're referring to. So we're monitoring the backlog. We're monitoring the orders. It is a break and fix for the most part, Deane. But that's the one that I really have no visibility into at the moment.
John Stauch: No, I really -- really don't have the specificity except everything looks more normal, Nathan, it doesn't walk out of line. That being said, we don't yet have all of that visibility around the sell-through into the dealers, into the channel. And one of the things we'll be monitoring. One of the areas that I would envision the inventory being slightly high, and I don't mean by a lot, but a little bit would be in the foodservice area where if we think about our revenue streams as we exited the quarter to where we are and what mode that channel is in right now. I think these inventory in the channel will service the startups and will have that slower ramp-up in that particular business than we will in most of the others.
John Stauch: No, you're right it does put pressure. And if you don't get the cost out in the labor and the overhead in the factory, you end up producing unwanted inventory which usually challenges you and the recovery occurs. So it is the keenly -- it is the most focused area we are. We also learned and the last recoveries both in this one in valves and control to the downturns in 2008/2009. And valves and controls is the area that you got to have the most amount of focus on because if you don't get after that cost on the input side, you don't see in the short run from a P&L issue but you start seeing it in the form of cash and then you don't benefit when the market recovers as I said. So it is Playbook 101 to make sure we're pacing that manufacturing cost with the downturn volume and it should reflect orders more than sales data.
John Stauch: Nathan, I got all of these notes in front of me. Don't give guidance on revenue. Don't get -- I'm not going to give it to you even though you asked it different way. I mean, here's the challenge we have, this is not like anything we've seen before. When we took a look at this and people say looking at 2008/2009, you're looking at 2000. What recession are you going back to? Keep in mind our businesses got residential, significant residential exposure. And when we entered that 2006, 2007, 2008 timeframe, we're talking about housing starts, two to three times normal levels. And that that was an inventory that had to work its way down. We're not in that situation with housing today. Where we're at is the pandemic is causing stay at homes, it's causing loss of employment, it's causing stress to people on where are they in their spending patterns. And until there's visibility there, it's hard to predict how those wallets can open up again, and then how that demand comes back across our businesses. That's -- that's why I can't give you a number, Nathan.
John Stauch: That is sharp. That's -- I would think -- I feel sharp to me, especially given the Q1 we had, Scott. So keep in mind, we're continuing to see orders rising throughout Q1. And even though the pandemic worked its way across the globe in various degrees, we did still see demand hang in there to what would have likely been up until the last couple of weeks of March. And even some of that was, we still saw orders, we didn't know if that was customers buying inventory with the anticipation of supply chain disruption et cetera, et cetera. So but you had an April and I think most people have been very planful the way they thought about reacting to shelters in place and overall volume and demand. And just like us, if we're going to see a decrease in Q2, I mean shouldn't we pace our manufacturing in line with that that expected decline and get in front of it in a planful way as I think a lot of our customers were doing. So yes, you got the outer end of where I think Q2 could be. But that being said, I don't think April was indicative of any pattern or trend yet. And as we enter into May and June, we'll have a much better clarity, primarily because this is our season. This is usually our peak quarter in the year, Scott.
John Stauch: Yes, so 6% of sales roughly would be that that commercial food service revenue for overall Pentair. Okay, most of that tied to cartridge replacement, or aftermarket replacement. And we'll call that the predominant 75% to 80% of it and the 20% maybe on original equipment install. As far as the second question, yes, very happy with both of the acquisitions for different reasons. So, as a reminder, what we like about the Aquion acquisition was it made softener systems and POU systems and that systems integration and capability is something we're excited about as we start to brand it Pentair and Pentair Water Solutions and offer it to a broader channel set. This front-end, though, is an affiliated channel. And that affiliated channel primarily works through Home Depot, and the traffic in Home Depot is not there to demand or ask for those leads. And also a lot of those leads come from larger appliance purchases where softening the water is kind of critical. So let's say we've seen a drop-off in the demand on that front-end of the channel. Opposite story, the Pelican Water Solutions where we do our own direct lead and we market and we can market on digital media, things like Facebook, I see us on LinkedIn, et cetera. Those are different channel dynamics. And as I mentioned earlier, even though we're getting less leads, we're converting those leads at a higher rate, meaning we have a much more interested party to gaining. So the revenue up on the direct channel is up significantly, I mean it's in line with what we expected. And on the other side, we have seen a fall-off demand because of our retail traffic, as I mentioned, but we're happy with the systems capability that it brings. And that's why I want to continue to invest in the front-end of the channel because I think if we're doing our lead-generation and we're converting that into our systems and the things we're selling, we gain that higher margin but we're also controlling our own destiny. And so that's why I'm excited about seeing through the Water Solutions piece.
John Stauch: Yes. I think you're thinking about it, right. I think the magnitude is a lot less than Tool Company. But that is exactly where I'm at meaning I think the sell, sell-through the channel remains positive, I would expect us to be in a sell-in negative not because there's extra inventory today but because that channel is got to anticipate the falling demand as it looks forward into the new pools and remodeled pools. And I think they'll moderate their orders until they see that that part of the market continues to unfold.
John Stauch: I did not say that. So thank you for the clarification. What I said was at one point we were shut down or told to shut down, we deemed ourselves as essential. Got backup online, obviously, not at the full capacity. And quite frankly, Steve it was as I mentioned having backlog and pass-through at the end of the quarter which is not a normal pool that is actually a facility in which we have backlog and past dues still due today.
John Stauch: I do. Thanks Shelby. Thank you for joining us today. I just wanted to take a moment to remind everyone of our long-term strategy which remains unchanged. We believe we serve large and stable end markets, particularly within our Consumer Solutions segment. Our pool business has a proven track record and we believe we're positioning our Water Solutions businesses to take advantage of helping consumers and businesses solve their water quality needs. We still see a number of growth levers longer-term. Our 2019 acquisitions of Aquion and Pelican help move us closer to the consumer and we have continued to invest in building our digital capabilities and new product pipeline. In addition, we're accelerating PIMS to help fund many of our growth initiatives. We've been and will continue to be focused on disciplined capital allocation. We started with our commitment to our investment grade ratings. We've increased our dividend for 44 consecutive years and are proud to be a dividend aristocrat. We expect to continue to use our strong cash flow to fund the most attractive growth opportunities. Before I turn the call over to Shelby for Q&A -- I just want to let everybody know that we are navigating these uncertain times together and I would like to offer my best wishes to all of our employees, customers, and shareholders. Thank you for your continued interest. Shelby, you can conclude the call.
Mark Borin: Yes. So first just on inflation is we talked previously, certainly see that moderating this year and continuing to just focus on kind of that price cost being more neutral and not being the headwind that has been in the past so and looking for opportunities to mitigate continued inflationary pressures. So pursuing those things pretty aggressively. And then on the cash flow side, that's certainly the way we would think about it as well as is looking -- as we see that volume decline looking for opportunities on the working capital side to help us further, further improve the overall cash flow performance. But keeping track of it as you would expect really, really close monitoring of our customer receivables and ensuring that we feel comfortable that that those are continued to be credit worthy. And those are going to come in as planned, managing and monitoring our payables. And then being opportunistic, if necessary, to the extent we see places where we can help customers. We haven't seen a significant amount of that yet. But if opportunities come up where we need to help customers or work with our suppliers, we're certainly going to look at that as well all within the context of managing our own liquidity, which as I said in my comments we feel very good about.
Mark Borin: Given the nature of our business, much of it through distribution, we would expect to see kind of price continue to readout. A lot of that price has already been put in and so it's in place. And it's at lower levels, again as I mentioned earlier, lower levels than we saw in late 2018 and into 2019. But continue to expect to see kind of price readout and again offset inflation.
Mark Borin: Sure. As I talked about, the really a very strong focus on liquidity and maintaining our liquidity in light of the uncertainty and so we're going to wait and see with respect to share repurchases and just how we deploy and utilize our capital. So really pulling that back and sitting on the sideline and waiting to see how things play out. We continue to pay our dividend and that's something that's very important to us. And so we'll continue to look at that as well. But that would be something that we would see as a priority, as we think about how we're allocating and spending our capital.
