John L. Stauch: Thank you, Jim. And good morning to everyone. Please turn to slide number 4 titled Executive Summary. Overall, we are pleased with our second quarter performance, which marks the first quarter we have reported since completing the separation of nVent. Despite a slow start to the quarter, we reported core sales growth of 3%, ROS expansion of 90 basis points to 21%, adjusted EPS grew 18% to $0.71 and we generated $364 million of free cash flow. Also in the quarter, we took some of our cash flow and bought back $150 million worth of stock or about 3.3 million shares. For the full year we have maintained our core sales growth expectation of 3% to 4%, we are still expecting ROS expansion of approximately 50 basis points to 18% and we are raising our adjusted EPS guidance to approximately $2.31, reflecting the benefit of purchased shares as well as slightly better operating performance, offset by slightly worse FX impact. With half of the year now behind us, we feel more confident in our ability to deliver earnings that should be above the high-end of the guidance we provided at the beginning of the year. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark to discuss the second quarter results and update you on the details of our full-year 2018 outlook.
John L. Stauch: Thank you, Mark. Please turn to slide number 12 titled Pentair Strategy Summary. This page is the same slide we showed you at our Investor Day and in the first quarter earnings discussion. The good news is nothing has changed. And all I'd like to do is remind you that we are focused on our desire to be a pure play water company, drive focused organic growth strategies and utilize our precious capital wisely to create incremental shareowner value. Regarding capital allocation, we remain committed to maintaining our investment grade rating, reinvesting in our most attractive core businesses and paying a competitive dividend yield. We will also look at a balanced approach between M&A and intelligent buybacks with our M&A decisions being informed by overall valuations and the quality of assets available, as well as our ability to integrate them successfully. Please turn to slide 13 labeled Focused Strategies. As we prioritize our growth opportunities, we believe this allows us the best opportunity to drive differentiated growth in what we believe is a very attractive water quality space. I'd like to give you a quick update on our progress regarding two of our most important focused strategies. The first strategy is advancing pool growth. During the second quarter, we launched a segmentation study to better understand the behaviors of pool consumers. We believe we made great progress in winning more dealers to allow for greater aftermarket penetration and we completed an in-depth study of how to accelerate our efforts in the expanding automation space and better penetrate the automated home platforms. Also during the quarter, we launched our next generation of automation called IntelliConnect. Our second key growth initiative is accelerating residential and commercial water treatment. In the second quarter, we kicked off a consumer segmentation study here as well to better understand the residential water needs of our end-consumers and made great progress driving dealer loyalty back to Pentair through our True Blue dealer initiative. We also have included our strategic roadmap of innovative product offerings and how to expand our service offerings in both residential and commercial water treatment. More to come in these two areas, both on the organic priorities and potential acquisitions as we continue to dial-in our clear priorities to differentiate ourselves to customers. I would now like to turn the call over Lee Wei for Q&A, after which I'll have a few closing remarks. Lee Wei, please open the line for questions. Thank you.
John L. Stauch: All right. Thanks, Scott. Yeah. I mean, I just want to remind everybody we're 85 days in and I think the best way to express it is we're where we thought we'd be at this stage. I think we're really excited about our strategy. But more importantly, our commercial excellence process that we've rolled out and really utilizing the commercial excellence process to drive our prioritized growth. And so, as an example, making sure that we understand that we serve a traditional dealer channel, distribution and dealers, but we also have to influence the consumer. And so, this consumer segmentation work that we're doing is to inform us of what are the buying behaviors of the consumers that we service and how do they want to be served and then, helping our dealers run their businesses better so that they can take advantage of what those consumers want. I think in the pool business where we do roughly $900 million of revenue in pool and we have about $800 million of that in the U.S., we have a lot of scale, and we have a good offering, and we have a really good business model. We have to go through our next sets of businesses which for us would be our residential and commercial water filtration, which is just under $600 million and then, also our residential pump business which is just under $400 million and we have to have that same model, Scott. So I have high expectations for the team, clearly, but to answer your metric question, it's going to be accelerated organic growth and that's the one measurement we're trying to drive here and then, making sure that's profitable, and we're getting the same drop-throughs. So we've got other metrics. How are we doing on dealer conversions, how are we doing on turning leads into sales. The earlier indications suggest we're becoming more of a growth culture. But again, I just want to be balanced here, it's 85 days in. So it's hard to call victory on it, but I love the attitude. I love the way the team leaned in, and I am really appreciative of how they're doing it. The other thing I would tell you, Scott, is as we move to a growth culture, I was proud that the team worked the price angles the way they are. I mean, we saw some of our competition going off-cycle with price increases. We considered that. But we also thought that it would be better if we were to wait, reflect, and go on our normal cycles so that our dealers and our customers can prepare for those price increases, quote their jobs and not have to suffer the consequences of us going off-cycle. So it is hurting us here a little bit in Q3, but I'd say the long haul we think that that's going to help us out in Q4 and into next year and our customer is very appreciative of the way we responded with our price increases.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think the funding that we're working on is the focused priorities and the two that I took you through. And most of that is more what I call enterprise funding, meaning we all know what we're spending the money on and we have ability to measure it. We're willing to do some slightly lower margin revenue. I don't think we want to just be margin focused. But at the same time, we want to make sure that as we grow our revenue, we're not adding complexity and we're making sure that that growth leads to shareowner value. And that's critical to us. I mean, we are a public company. We're here for the benefit of share owners, and we have to serve our customers in a way that's good for all.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I'll hit it quickly and then Mark can chime in as well, but in Filtration it's about mix. As you know, we've had some really interesting businesses and we still have those interesting businesses, and we love the technology of those businesses. But we're a lot more focused on where we actually make money and where we should be spending our time and energy. And I think you're seeing that in the benefit there. In Flow, to Flow's credit and I really appreciate all the hard work by the team. We've introduced the optimization effort, getting out of some product lines and getting out of some geographies that were not only not making money, but constraining resources and challenging the resources of the SBU. So by being focused on these core businesses, we've actually been able to really improve the mix in both of those two businesses. And I think you're seeing that in the margin expansion in the quarter.
John L. Stauch: So we've publicly announced our price increases here in the last week. Those go effective mid-September-ish. For most of our businesses, that's a normal cycle by the way. And that is what Mark said, we're not getting the benefit in Q3 but we expect to receive that benefit and then some in Q4.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So yeah, we just had a slow start in April. I mean weather was not as we hoped it would be. And I think the team did a really good job responding and making sure we got all the shipments and all the demand serviced in the back half of the quarter. The outlook for pool is very, very strong. And I think we're reflecting that in our current guidance and demand continues to be almost full up in that business and things are progressing nicely. As far as the new products, yeah, we got a couple really good products that we're launching. We launched a new hybrid heater and we have another version of a heater that's got a high efficiency rating. So those are two products that we've been working on for some period of time. And we're really excited by IntelliConnect, which is a lower price point. And the purpose of that is to really make sure that automation gets more penetrated across pools. The penetration rate for automation across all the 5 million pools is less than 10% right now. And we really think by raising that penetration rate gives us the ability to really upgrade our products and capabilities. What's really cool about IntelliConnect is it connects to all of the other Pentair products in Filtration and pump and Flow, which gives you the ability to control those devices. But also, and I think this is the real breakthrough, it connects to all of the products in the industry if Pentair makes it or doesn't make it within pool. And we do think that that is what's necessary to really increase that penetration rate. And then it also gives us the ability to connect with the consumer and begin to think about their experiences with Pentair versus maybe their experiences with some of our competitors in the industry today. So we're very excited by that.
John L. Stauch: Yeah, food and beverage. It's in the sustainable gas area where there's a merger that's taking place. It's not yet completed and those investments have substantially stalled. And it's also on the food and beverage space regarding beer and the de-investment in some of the global breweries that are out there. That's the weakness.
John L. Stauch: Yes. So it's in the slide, Steve, I'll point it out to you. So full-year, we're getting $0.19 of price and our inflation is $0.35. It's on slide 9.
John L. Stauch: I shared that too Steve. We went out with everything (00:24:03) so far, but they're not effective until mid-September, and that's why we're...
John L. Stauch: ... getting (00:24:08) slightly in Q3 and then, we expect to have more of a benefit in Q4 related to those price increases.
John L. Stauch: Real quick, Steve. I shared this – I think it was important that we – we listen to the channel. We listen to our customers. And our customers were asking for non-off-cycle because they're out there with quotes, especially in the pool industry, you're quoting six to nine months ahead of time. We just didn't feel it was right for them to absorb that price without having a heads up that it was coming. So we feel that this is giving 60 days' notice. Is what's appreciated by the channel, and I'm proud of the team for bringing that forward and for us exercising these price increases in a way that everybody can get behind.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I mean, they didn't say they didn't. The issue is, I mean, it's any job that was quoted – and I do know the industry you're referring to, that's more of a break and fix and other than the new construction jobs that they're working. But if you're installing a pool for instance and you quoted a customer, those price increases coughing (00:25:41) off-cycle are coming completely out of your pocket. You're not passing that along. If you have the ability to know that price increase is coming and even those significant price increases we're going forward with, you at least have the ability to know how to quote your next set of jobs and you're not losing on the job you originally have. So I don't know about the HVAC industry. We're not in it but for our industries we think we did it the appropriate way.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. Still a very important priority, it's more longer term. As you know, Deane, it's $160 million in China, Southeast Asia today, and we think it can grow at a very significant rate. And as you probably saw and I really appreciated you spending the time out there, we got to control our own destiny, especially around the Internet and the fact that we have to think of MSRP or list price and then work back off of that and really understand Tmall and JD.com and make sure that we've got our capabilities and we're controlling our own destinies around that. So, in the near term, I would expect a little bit of disruption as we start to manage a lot of that product descriptions and how we want to demonstrate our products in the marketplace and control the consumer and the customer experience. But in the long run, we're very excited about our growth opportunities there and really are excited about the market and our ability to serve it. We do have the right products, I think we're well-positioned, especially around food service and I'm really proud of the way the team is leaning in and driving those results. Thanks for bringing that up.
John L. Stauch: No, Steve. I think first of all, we did. We did buyback some stock and I think we want to be agile with our capital allocation strategy. And if we see an opportunity or we feel that we're not – the value we think we could drive is not properly reflected the market. I think we're going to use our capital in that way. At the same time, I do think we have the ability to really build some great businesses here and we want to continue to build out those funnels and those pipelines of opportunities. And as those opportunities become more and more realistic, we want to be able to act upon them and then integrate them in a way that the shareowner benefits significantly from. So we're active. We're looking. We're encouraged by the direction of the funnel right now and the potential discussions that didn't seem likely six months ago and now we're starting to see more discussions happen as I think some of these owners of these properties looking forward and it might not feel as robust to them on a look-forward basis as it did just three months ago before there was maybe global supply chain challenges, to use a fancy word there. But I think the opportunity in front of us, Steve, is great. And I want to be flexible with our capital and use it in the shareowners' best interest.
John L. Stauch: I think we should look at it as water filtration is our second biggest business next to pool and it's a business that's definitely worth investing in. I think some of the themes about getting closer to our consumer, meaning how do we connect through automation and how do we maybe connect through the services realm are a couple themes that we would think are likely to occur as we build out the M&A pipeline, Steve.
John L. Stauch: Steve, at some point, we'll be having tariffs on all of everything that we get out of China, right, there's very little left to tariff for.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. That's all – just to be clear, all of that is being handled in the divestiture, right, so it's about...
John L. Stauch: Sure. One thing I'd remind you is that the productivity that's reflected, it's on page 10 of the presentation. That doesn't include the $20 million of growth investment, so it's really something closer to $50 million. But that said, we certainly think that there remains opportunities to get after further productivity. And as we've talked about before, that $20 million will then be embedded in the underlying numbers of the business. So it'll still be there for continued investment in the future but it won't be a year-over-year headwind.
John L. Stauch: Yeah, I mean, I think we're – and just to remind you, I mean, productivity is also – and think about OCOGS, right, or manufacturing efficiency. We've got higher freight cost going through which we're working on those elements as well. And I think that we feel that we have a path to accelerate our organic growth and we're going to get that leverage on top of the existing facilities. But if you look longer term, I mean automation is a theme, more intelligent factories is a theme, I mean we've got a lot of things we're working on, Nathan. But as far as large cost out initiatives or incremental restructuring, we'd like to say that that's generally behind us.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, just to be clear, we have an industrial filtration business within Filtration Solutions as well. And that's doing really well, obviously with the recovery of oil and gas and a lot of the global manufacturing. It's specifically the piece exposed to the food and beverage which is beer, Jeff, and also our sustainable gas offerings that also go into that industry via a couple gas management companies that are in the process of a merger. So, that's where we're really seeing that headwind. And yeah, what do we need? We need to make sure that the residential and commercial portfolio, which is done well, continues to become a higher percentage of the revenue. It continues to grow at a rate greater than it's currently growing today. So, it's the focus within the portfolio and I think the focus is help margins. You're not yet seeing that on the core growth in Filtration. We understand that and we got to get that going.
John L. Stauch: Only in the sense that if you think about where those projects are in the whole scheme of things, you're looking at about $30 million, $40 million right now, right? So, as a percentage of the overall portfolio it's come down substantially. But it's not necessarily – I mean you take the worst case scenario of that and you'll see it's not that much of a headwind going forward.
John L. Stauch: No. I mean, we set out to spend around $25 million and we knew that it would be tough to spend it all wisely given the fact that we ratably didn't get there in Q1. So, what we're doing is really reflecting where we think the full-year spend will likely be. We're running these ideas and we're a lean company which is a process rich, but we also want to be a growth culture which is much more innovative. But innovative ideas still have to run through a standard process and you have to test these ideas and we're doing that and to – before we launch a brand new product for instance, we'd like to have consumer feedback on it. That takes time. And so, we're gathering that consumer information and deciding if consumers actually want what we think they want. And once we have that, we move on to the next phase and move on to the next phase. So, yeah, do we expect to ramp this a little bit next year? Probably, as far as investment. But as Mark said, we've ramped $20 million incremental this year. If you put it on a scale next year, maybe it's $5-ish million incremental, maybe it's $10 million. So, you're still going to have a ratable impact that's positive next year as part of the year-over-year investment there. So, I'm not worried about it.
John L. Stauch: And just to clarify my point there, we're hopeful we're going forward with one, that reflects what we need in 2019 as well, and we're doing that in mid-September, as Mark said. And so, that's hopeful that this stays as the pricing necessary and that those businesses can get on with that expectation in their forecast and our customers can react to that in the appropriate way.
John L. Stauch: I mean, we're estimating that we call it incremental penetration or differentiated growth is probably somewhere around 1.5 to 2 points and the rest would reflect the general volume and the price that we're getting.
John L. Stauch: Sure. The restructuring is really the – it's the end of the program that we started last year and into this year associated with the separation of the businesses and optimizing the portfolio as we were standing up the standalone water business. A lot of that relates to some of the business exits and the product line exits that we've talked about. So those are underway and certainly, we would expect we'll drive further productivity as we move into 2019.
John L. Stauch: Thank you. So thank you for joining us today, and I hope you agree that we delivered a solid second quarter, and we're demonstrating our ability to use agility and prioritization to meet our commitments. By building up a track record of meeting and exceeding commitments, we hope to earn the trust and right to pursue a compounding strategy that allows us to not only achieve core growth in earnings but to also utilize our strong cash flow and capital structure to pursue strategic, targeted and accretive acquisitions. Thank you for your continued interest. And Lee Wei, you can conclude the call.
Mark C. Borin: Yeah. Really the key driver of the Q4 ramp is that's when price kicks in. So price comes in at the back half of the end of Q3 and then we see it fully implemented in Q4.
Mark C. Borin: Sure. That's right. You kind of answered the question there. A couple things, one what we're seeing now is Pentair on its own with nVent in discontinued operations. And that includes the cash associated with the separation in discontinued operations. So what you see in our numbers is the continuing operations which is really reflective of the ongoing business. And as you said, the pool business really has that big seasonal cash influx in the second quarter at the end of the second quarter. So, on a year-to-date basis, we're at about $160 million. And then we see – to get to the 100% of net income which is about $410 million, that will be a little bit more ratable in the back half. Think of it as $125-ish million per quarter to round out the year. But yes, felt very good about – with the cash that came in in the quarter and where we are on a year-to-date basis.
Mark C. Borin: Sure. So, maybe first just on the timing of the price increase. So, as John referenced, we announced it last week effective middle of September. And to clarify, the normal cycle of price increases is mid-September for the pool business. The other businesses are typically the beginning of the year. So, in fact, the timing of the increase in the Flow and Filtration side was accelerated for the very reasons that we talked about. And so, as we said, that will start to pick up at the end of September and then be fully in our Q4 numbers.
Mark C. Borin: Oh, and tariffs – sorry. Thank you. Tariffs are included in our number. And frankly, the reason why we're not breaking those out separately is we really think of tariffs as just a form of inflation. And when you look at the direct impact, that's not really the most significant piece. What we're really looking at is the indirect and the indirect-indirect, so trying to make assumptions around what do we think is going to be passed through to us, and really what are other suppliers that may not be impacted by China, how are they going to use that as an opportunity potentially to raise price to us. So, we factored all of that into our inflation assumptions for the back half of the year and for next year as we think about the price increase that we put in place here now. And we're going to stay agile and continue to look at things as they develop. And as I said, because this was off cycle in Flow and Filtration, if we need to re-evaluate further, we certainly have the ability to do that.
Mark C. Borin: Yeah. So our price and our view of inflation overall is reflective of all of the tariff information that's currently out there, whether it's actually enacted or not. And frankly, the second or the third round or the most recent round that was announced a few weeks ago has very little impact to us. But we did take a look at that and feel that we have that covered, but again, very small dollars.
Mark C. Borin: Yeah. Sure. As I said in my remarks, the numbers themselves are pretty similar but the way we get to the numbers are quite a bit different. So it is some of the things that you mentioned. As we talked about Q3 with inflation kicking in and the impact of tariffs coming in, but price not yet being there. That's really the biggest driver of why, as you look at margins across the three businesses and overall, why they tend to not be expanding as much as you might otherwise think. And then we see that ramp and improve a little bit in Q4. And we're continuing to invest, so I talked about the fact that in the first half, the timing and the pace of our growth investment was a little bit lower than what we had originally planned. But we're still very committed to investing for growth. And in the back half of the year, we were maintaining the growth investments in those key parts of the business that we think we have the biggest opportunities.
Mark C. Borin: So, the headwinds that we saw on the first half of the year we don't anticipate continuing in the back half of the year mainly because of the comps and because as John said, the business has shrunk to a point that it's a lot smaller, so.
Mark C. Borin: No, no change in the normal buying habits and process. No increase in any kind of early buy or timing of orders. So, a pretty normal process in the sell-through, sell-through was strong.
Mark C. Borin: Sure. And so, the Aquatic Systems business is – always follows the pool season, which is September to September. So, those price increases are normally in the September timeframe. It's the other two businesses that for the most part within the business the normal timeframe would be the beginning of the year. So, early January would be the normal timeframe. So, those two with the announcement here in July with an effective target of mid-September have been accelerated.
