John Stauch: No. I think just to clarify, as we go into next year, we're only counting on a price increase, which would be a more normalized price increase and modest compared to prior years, but slightly higher than what we would have said would have normally occurred, which is covering the inflationary aspects. Not aware of anything incremental than that and those price increase, they're already been announced to the market.
John Stauch: No, but I mean it opens up what we would say would be at least $1 billion plus for our particular opportunities. And I think that's a conservative estimate, Brett.
John Stauch: Yeah, so I think, first of all, we're pleased that we were able to predict the way that Q3 was going to unfold, and it played out, generally, as we expected. I think we focused on sell-through data. And then also focused on the metrics of our channel partners and I think that data is providing clarity of what's going on. I think the inventory is generally behind us. I don't think that's what Q4 represents. I think Q4 represents what we would say is reflecting the higher interest rates and the impact it could have on the sell-through aspects within the market and it's helping to position ourselves for the best possible 2024 that we can have. So it's a modest participation in early buy, it's making sure that we're not continuing to build inventory ahead of next year. And it's setting ourselves up for a really good 2024.
John Stauch: No. I mean I think Water Solutions has benefited from significant performance at Manitowoc Ice and we're really pleased with how that acquisition came in and has performed. Just a reminder though, we're going to start comparing against really good delivered quarters in the prior years and so that year-over-year performance is going to moderate. I think the market outlook for that business continues to be strong, but it's going to be hard to continue to put up those types of numbers on a consistent basis.
John Stauch: No, but I think it's only fair to suggest that higher elevated interest for longer makes sure that productivity-based projects and/or expansion investments are going to be up against higher hurdle rates and we're reflecting that in our particular revenue forecast as we go forward.
John Stauch: Yeah, first, I think we're feeling really good about the ability in 2023 to have -- continue to raise our guidance through the diversified portfolio, offsetting really consistent performer in Pool. I mean Pool has generated a lot of income and growth for us over the years and I think it was a little bit worse this year than we anticipated coming into the year, primarily because that inventory was larger and the overall market wasn't as strong as we had hoped it would be. But as we head into 2024, we're looking at the framework as being that we do pick up the tailwind from not having that inventory correction. And then as we get closer to the end of the year, we'll predict what the markets are going to be. I think it's fair to say that we're not thinking that overall Pool builds expand from here. And we don't think overall remodeling expands, but I do think we're going to see a little bit of recovery in that aftermarket, which I think was accelerated into the prior years and now has been normalized. And a lot of those are non-discretionary purchases and we think we get back to a potential overall growth, plus the benefit of the tailwinds of inventory.
John Stauch: Yeah. I mean I think you're calling it. I think we're seeing it everywhere to be honest with you in little bits. I mean, as a reminder, 75% of our end customers are small dealers and professional trade channel people and their borrowing of capital is higher and harder to get access to capital. I think that slows down some of the projects that we're working on. We're not exposed to commercial buildings more than a $100 million or a couple of hundred million, but I think you're going to see financing be tougher on the building side. And so an elevated higher interest rates for long, just I think produces a sluggish environment is the way we're looking at it, which is why we're really putting that accelerator on the transformation initiatives we have, pricing selectively, making sure that we understand the market back and how to position our products and services effectively in the industries and then making sure that we're managing the cost structure well within the company.
John Stauch: Just to give you some indication of point-to-point, I mean, despite the fact that we're going to see significant shipments in Manitowoc this year and feel really good about their progress, the overall CAGR from 2019 to the end of 2023 is about 8%-ish or slightly a little bit higher than that which we had slightly normal than -- or higher than the mid-single digits that we had forecast the business to have. So just a reminder that the markets, as Bob mentioned, are recovering globally and they continue to participate in that recovery.
John Stauch: Yeah, I mean I would I would quantify that value is a couple of points of incremental growth as the overall commercial water solutions business from those synergies. I mean, lots of excitement and putting Everpure in the trade shows, next to the Manitowoc Ice and vice-versa and helping our customers which are a distributor and an installer realize the benefits of promoting both. And I think when you have a good filtered solution on an ice machine, you're extending the life of the ice machine. And then it also leads to the service capabilities we have and the fact that we can offer some of those services. More importantly, just understand what the service provider is up against, so that we can redesign for service and also work with our partners to help them get in and out of those end markets faster. So I mean there's a lot of energy and excitement and we couldn't be more pleased with the synergies and the go-to-market strategies of these three businesses put together.
John Stauch: Mike, I promised myself I wouldn't give a target today. I think right now, I think we all have to be mindful of access to capital and managing with our capital framework and I think paying down the debt right now is a good use of it. Obviously, we're always looking at strategic complementary businesses to our current business units. The market is not robust though at the moment. And even when you're seeing assets availability, you've got to question how those interest rates environments affect their business. So you're not seeing transactions happen. So I think just paying down the debt right now and giving ourselves the maximum flexibility is where Bob and I are focused for the remainder of this year and into next year.
John Stauch: No, I think the way -- it's a good observation. I would remind you that the inflation as we showed in our bridge is as year-over-year. So it doesn't necessarily reflect sequentially this year, it could be that we saw some elevated inflation on some of the buys that we had last year. So we think that we are overall moderating to price versus cost being neutral or slightly more close to neutral and then obviously focusing on the productivity contribution that's coming from our transformation initiatives, that's the model going-forward. If you recall, we were benefiting quite substantially earlier in the year and last year on price versus cost. And now that's shifting to more of a transformation benefit as we go forward. Bob, I don't know if you want to add anything.
John Stauch: Well, and then that's when the Wave 2 kicks in, Julian. So you -- but you're right. The material took a long time to realize because of all the engineering work and the resupply efforts that we had to do with the supply community. So we're starting to benefit from those in Q4. That run rate will go into next year and then Wave 2 starts to take over in the second half of next year from a sourcing standpoint. To give you some color, about a third of our businesses engaged in the pricing exercises in 2023 will be close to two-thirds of the wave through that in 2024. So that's kind of how the waves that Bob mentioned start to unfold. And we start to benefit from that performance inside the businesses.
John Stauch: Yeah. I mean I think what we'd like to see unfold is we believe Q4 can be higher from a shipment perspective for Pentair than Q3 and then we would expect Q1 to be better than Q4. And then we would be in the normalized pattern, end of Q2 next year finally being a normal seasonal pattern, which should be the strongest full quarter of the year. And as a reminder, Q3 is modestly less than that. And then again Q4 starts the pre-load for the 2025 season. So we feel like we worked through this and now we've got a clear line-of-sight to more normal seasonality in the business and really keeping our eye on sell-through going-forward so that we don't get into this inventory situation with our channel again.
John Stauch: Yeah. I mean, just, again, we're looking at year-over-year comps, Jeff, and our infrastructure businesses had a really solid 2022 and so some of these growth rates reflect against the prior quarter of 2023. I think the orders continue to be strong from a mid-single-digit indicator as we go forward, but the year-over-year comparisons are going to be tougher. And as Bob mentioned, we are really focused on non-project-related wins. We're focusing on service, we're focusing on aftermarket, we're focusing on recurring revenue streams with our key distributors and end-market providers, Jeff.
John Stauch: And Jeff, your data points are right. This isn't a sustainable growth level for our ice business. I mean, when you're mid-to-high single-digits, we would have hoped that, that is a more linear growth rate that we get to and obviously, we're going to satisfy the demand and make sure that it's a Manitowoc Ice machine that someone is putting into their restaurant. So it gives us the ongoing service and relationship with that customer. But this is not normal as we've said all year.
John Stauch: No. It's all included in our current view of what our business will do in Q4. And just to remind everybody, what we try to do is level-load factories to make sure that we're not taking down our shipments in any one quarter beyond the level of our employment groupings. So we're obviously encouraging the channel to buy ahead of next year's pool season through discounts that we offer in term extensions, right? We're now at a level that we think is prudent for us and that's where the modest early buy is. And as you know, the channel would take more if they are incentivized more to take it. And if they don't, then those become standard buy orders in the next year. And so that's always what the forecast is reflecting. And we have to do it in our economic best interest. Our channel partners do it in their best economic interest. And right now, we feel our guide is the best reflection of what we'd say a more normal seasonality and a more normal early buy, which would set us up nicely for a 2024 growth year.
John Stauch: I'd say yes on the second part of your question and I think delivering the margin that we did despite the year-over-year decline in volume is what I'm most proud of the team having accomplished. And yeah, I mean, I do think we're splitting hairs. I think they're directionally in a really good spot as a business model and obviously getting growth from here is going to leverage up nicely.
John Stauch: Yeah. I would remind you that Water Solutions has a residential component and systems businesses and they also have the commercial water solutions. When we mix towards commercial, we're going to have a lot higher-margin profile. And what we're really doing is being very selective on the products that we're offering on the residential side. And we try to mix up that business. And so a lot of the decline in the revenue was on the residential side. And that actually helped the overall mix of the business to the positive.
John Stauch: And I think we are indicating that we do think sequentially our revenue numbers do go up from Q3. And then it's really a discussion of how much more. And I really think that we do our best to predict that business with reasonable accuracy and getting it exactly to the dollar is improbable. And so I would say, we got really close in Q3 and I think we feel really good about our Q4 revenue estimate at this moment.
John Stauch: Well, I think a lot is coming from that, Scott. I mean, I think we're working more seamlessly with our supply chain today. Obviously, we've caught up on most of the demand to them and aligned with our channels. And so we are benefiting substantially from a lot of more seamless deliveries across the entire supply chain today.
John Stauch: Yeah. I think they're generally in that ballpark. And we could argue, weak -- I mean I think the overall builds in 2023 are going to definitely be at pre-pandemic levels but generally in line with what we had seen prior to the pandemic. So I think we're in a more normalized area. Scott, I think the learning is, across the channel is there is high-end pools there is low-to-mid market pools and the interest rates are definitely impacting the more low-to-mid and the high-ends are continuing to be built. So I think that we'll all probably start to refine the numbers to try to break it out by the demographics that its serving, but I think generally, the model is still working.
John Stauch: No, we're talking about -- if we think about heading into the 2024 pool season, that's generally what we're -- our current expectations would likely suggest.
John Stauch: We'll give that in January, Scott. I'd remind you that there is an inventory correction next year, which creates some benefits and then there's the overall general market conditions that we are addressing. But when we get to giving our Q4 earnings, we'll update and share with our 2024 guide.
John Stauch: Yeah. I mean we do. We have all those. Vitality is obviously the right product line by product line. When we create new valuable products at the market or that our customers want, we tend to see margin lift from those new products, not usually at its initial stage, it usually takes probably a year or two for that to recognize. But that is the model we work to.
John Stauch: Yeah, we have today with the Born in America where a lot of our historic brands 120, 130 years old are -- have originated in the United States. They've been specified here for long periods of time and they're manufactured here. And so our employees are really proud of those brands. Our customers are really proud of those brands and they tend to give us the ability to have at least a fair opportunity to win those jobs when we go to market.
John Stauch: That's a nice try, Nathan, we're not going to go there yet. Right now, we're trying to satisfy our customer demand for the rest of the year and then we'll do an assessment of where we think we are and we'll be prepared to share that insight with you as we head into 2024.
John Stauch: Yeah, as a reminder, we -- what we did in 2022 is we exited a fair amount of lower-margin direct-to-consumer business and we've been up against those comparisons this year in Water Solutions. Those comparisons, as we head into next year, go away. And so obviously, this is all included in Water Solutions this year and in next year, we get a little bit less contribution from acquisitions and we have a little bit less headwind from the business exits that we took on this year.
John Stauch: Yeah. I don't know how to answer the question. I mean I think, as a reminder, we put our price increases in for the season over the next year. We do that in Q3. And so the discounts usually take you to more flattish pricing year-over-year. So the pre-buys are term extensions, but they don't include a price increase necessarily because there is a discount to what the price increase would be. So it's not like we're discounting partly to sell it, we're just not having to -- we're just not getting the full raised prices in that early buy.
John Stauch: Okay. Thank you. Okay, so thank you for joining the call today. In closing, I want to reiterate some key themes on Slide 22. First, solid execution within our diversified portfolio and transformation initiatives continued to drive significant margin expansion in Q3. Second, we updated our 2023 guidance due to strong performance year-to-date and confidence in our strategy. Third, our transformation initiatives have gained momentum in 2023 with benefits expected for the remainder of 2023 and beyond. And finally, we expect to continue to deliver long-term value creation. Thank you everyone and have a great day.
Bob Fishman: Yeah, our comment towards that, not only did we use an approach that looked at inflation, but for certain product lines, looked at adjustments based on a value-based model. But that is all included in the pricing that went out to be effective Jan 1.
Bob Fishman: There's no doubt that commercial water solutions has had a excellent 2023, going to market with end-to-end solution of water quality. Ice and services has been very compelling. Manitowoc has had an excellent year. And we've done well in North America filtration. So overall, we continue to see the market within the restaurants, primarily the quick service restaurant space being solid for us. The challenge for us is bumping up against a tough compares next year. But overall, the markets that we serve are doing well.
Bob Fishman: Yeah. I would just add to that, that obviously staying investment-grade is hugely important to us. As the variable rates have crept up, we did undertake the interest rate swap and the collar, so that turned out to be a smart move where when you include the collar, effectively 65% of our debt is fixed. That brings us to kind of a weighted average rate of 5.3% in the quarter, maybe 5.5% going forward. So overall, we've done some good things to manage within this environment and paying down the debt has certainly helped from an overall perspective.
Bob Fishman: Yeah. I would just add to that, that while inflation did -- the change in inflation and increase in Q3 versus Q2, the nice thing was that price was able to cover that. We do expect inflation to moderate significantly in the fourth quarter and certainly where price exceeds inflation. At the beginning of the year, we talked about inflation being around 4.5% of sales. And we're really tracking right towards that. So the team has done a nice job of understanding inflation and factoring in the impact of that. So overall pleased with what we're seeing and that'll moderate in the fourth quarter.
Bob Fishman: Yeah, and that is a very important part of our margin expansion story. As we talk about price equaling inflation, it's important that productivity then drives that ROS expansion. So we were pleased to see the $29 million read out in the third quarter, up significantly from the single-digit in Q2 and expect to have a significant transformation benefit in the fourth quarter. We're really within Wave 1 in terms of reading out in 2023. We've built some healthy funnels around each of the four pillars of transformation. And so that will start to read out to an even greater extent next year. So overall pleased with the momentum going into 2024.
Bob Fishman: We're very focused on ROS expansion. So if you think about us finishing around 21% this year, we've talked about improving the ROS to 23% by 2025, and we've said that's being done in a linear way versus it being all back-end loaded. So we expect the ROS to improve next year as we head towards that 23%.
Bob Fishman: Yeah. I would say backlogs have returned to more normalized levels. Just as a reminder, Manitowoc grew roughly 30% in the second quarter, will have grown or did grow 20% in the third quarter and for the full year, Manitowoc will be up roughly 20%. So they've had a very strong year. To John's point, when you look at the CAGR from 2019, that's sitting at roughly 8%. So we do expect a more normalized year next year as we bump up against 2023's 20% growth. But overall, the business remains very healthy. The end-to-end approach in terms of going to market is resonating well. So very confident in the Manitowoc business.
Bob Fishman: What we implicit in our guide is significant ROS expansion versus last year's Q4. When you look sequentially, it does come down, but a lot of that does reflect some of the seasonality that, that is returning back to more normalized levels. So overall pleased with the ROS expansion in Q4 versus last year's Q4 and it will be the momentum we need exiting the year.
Bob Fishman: Now, we had talked at the beginning of the year of that $370 million but the business has done significantly better than that and will grow roughly 20% this year.
