John L. Stauch: Thank you, Randy. Please turn to slide number 10, titled Q4 2016 Pentair outlook. For the fourth quarter, ERICO is now captured in the core results, so core sales and total sales are currently equal to each other. For the fourth quarter, we expect overall sales to decline approximately 6%, as we expect MRO trends in energy and customer capital spending in all verticals to worsen as we head into the end of the year. Motivation for customers to push our projects and commitments shows no signs of stopping by the end of the year. On a core basis, we expect Water Quality Systems to grow approximately 2%, while we expect Flow & Filtration Solutions to decline approximately 9%, primarily related to project spending in the food and beverage vertical. Technical Solutions is expected to decline approximately 10%, due in large part to the completion of previously mentioned large Canadian projects and mid-teens declines in year-over-year MRO spending within energy. We expect segment income to be down approximately 10%, and return on sales to decline roughly 70 basis points to 17%. Below the operating line, we continue to expect the tax rate to remain around 21.5%, net interest and other to approximate $35 million, and shares outstanding to be around 184 million, about flat with Q3 ending levels. We expect free cash flow to end the year on a strong note, greater than continuing operations net income of $550 million and nearly $780 million inclusive of Valves & Controls. Please turn to slide 11, labeled full year 2016 Pentair outlook. As Randy mentioned at the beginning of the call, we've taken our full-year adjusted EPS outlook for continuing operations down to approximately $3 for 2016. For the full year, we expect core sales to decline 1%. Water Quality Systems full-year core sales are anticipated to be up approximately 4%. We now expect Flow & Filtration Solutions core sales decline of 4% and Technical Solutions core sales to be down 2% for the full year. We expect segment income to grow roughly 11% and return on sales to expand approximately 70 basis points to 17.1%. Our revised forecast factors in slightly better operating performance from Water Quality Systems, while Technical Solutions and Flow & Filtration Solutions are expected to have margins impacted by negative mix related to unfavorable market conditions. The pressure on higher-margin short cycle sales has been felt most acutely within Technical Solutions. We anticipate full-year corporate cost to be just under $110 million, net interest and other roughly $141 million, and the share count to be roughly 183 million. Adjusted EPS is expected to grow approximately 6%. Finally, we remain on track to generate free cash flow in excess of adjusted net income for the full year. Please turn to slide 12, labeled balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the third quarter with $4.4 billion net debt inclusive of cash on hand. This continues to improve as we used our strong cash flows in the quarter to reduce our debt levels. On a year-to-date basis, free cash flow has increased over $150 million versus the first nine months last year. We continue to expect to deliver free cash flow greater than adjusted net income for the full year. Our ROIC ended the quarter at 10.6%. When the sale of Valves & Controls closes, we expect our balance sheet will look dramatically different for the better, with lower debt levels and balance sheet capacity available for tuck-ins or incremental buybacks. I'll now turn the call back over to Randy for some closing comments and preliminary thoughts around 2017.
John L. Stauch: Yeah, Shannon. It's John here. I think what, if you take a look at Q3, we started out really strong and we ended okay, but we certainly didn't see acceleration towards the end of Q3. And what we're seeing is continued project slippage, where these are projects that we've either won, but the start dates on the projects continue to move to the right. And given where we are right now, with all the uncertainty you mentioned, we just don't think our customers are going to rush to conclude them between now and the end of the year. The other main issue is we've been hoping that MRO would recover throughout this year and that's on the operational side, primarily in energy, and we're not hopeful now at this point that that's going to recover for the end of the year as our customers manage cash to the end of the balance sheets. So, those are the main issues.
John L. Stauch: I'll hit your last part first and then I'll have Randy. We had three key businesses in Water Quality. We have our aquatic and environmental systems, which is primarily the pool business. The pool business continues to be very strong and we continue to hit all of our forecasts relative to that business. Where the softness came in the quarter, which also relates to the way we're thinking about Q4 was in the foodservice business, which has been up, high single-digits throughout the year and had moderated back to flat in Q3. And then also we had the water purification business which also was strong most of the year and took a little bit of pause in Q3. So that's where the misses came, Steve.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. If you take a look at the full year, core growth was down 1% for full year, that had a lot of choppiness in it. We started the year with almost double-digit declines in industrial. We've worked a way back to flattish numbers as we close out the year. So sequentially things have stabilized. What we're really saying is these larger projects that were out there for the Q4 cycle are going to be pushed or deferred into next year or may be deferred permanently. And we don't see me environment that's reflected in Q4 in the pause and concern of our overall customer base being the same cause of concern that we see as we enter 2017. Now, we said negative 2% to plus 2% next year so that's clearly not a robust growth environment, but it's flattish and then we have the operating income cost structure changes that we're driving as an organization to drive margin improvement.
John L. Stauch: Just follow on to Randy's point, real quickly. I mean, we had a focus to integrate and standardize a lot of the Valves & Controls activities, because that's where the biggest opportunities were for improvements. And so we repositioned a lot of our cost structure savings towards Valves & Controls. Now we're going to bring back the focus to reintegrating ourselves, if you will, to our Pentair standards on the rest of the portfolio, and we believe we can accelerate a lot of those cost-out actions in simplifying the company as Randy mentioned.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. We didn't, Steve, I mean, but I think the element we're now working to right now is we believe there is opportunity in the debt structure of the company. And we do think for relatively inexpensive investment, we can get a fair amount of interest out by putting our capital position or our debt position more in line with where we want it to be on a permanent basis. And there would clearly be significant interest savings associated with that, Steve.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I don't think we're ready to give our final number yet. I think the number that you mentioned, about 2% of sales, is certainly in the ballpark of where we're targeting as we head into next year. And obviously, being more selective at where we apply that cost out to where we think the economic conditions will not as robust as other places of the portfolio. But overall, you're in the ballpark.
John L. Stauch: Yeah, keep in mind that that's a year-over-year comparison, so last year we had projects roll through. So it's a comparison against the projects. If you actually look at it sequentially from Q3 to Q4, it's just down slightly on the top line.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I don't know where the $507 million came from, we think it's $530 million for the year, slightly better than $530 million for the year. So...
John L. Stauch: Yeah, as Randy said, we have modest increase as planned and they have already or will already have been in place this early quarter.
John L. Stauch: Yeah and the total would be roughly just under 8% of sales – would be our total project revenue for 2016.
John L. Stauch: It doesn't because the way we look at it is most of that is variable spend, right. So we flex it up and flex it down and so we look at that and as we referenced cost out targets, it's those targets plus what needs to go away related to the project.
John L. Stauch: We think that the price increases that we put forward which are more modest price increases will all generally stick. There's only one area of our particular portfolio right now that's unusual versus prior trends and I'd call it the strengthening dollar, right. So...
John L. Stauch: We're in a situation where Europe and you heard it in Randy's commentary, Europe's doing relatively okay. So there are imports coming from Europe that are realizing lower cost basis. Now we have European business as well that we're benefiting from that. But overall, I think we put in a net price increase, modest less than 100 basis points for the total company, next year that we think we can realize.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. Actually it's flat. I mean, the thing is in my 20 years or 30 years in industrial, I'd say 19 out of the 20, there's been an uptick in the fourth quarter and we're saying is that doesn't happen. So we're flat essentially in the third quarter and fourth quarter, and compared to last year, that's down a couple points.
John L. Stauch: Well, ISM actually went positive in September, that's only one month. We'll see what it does in October. It's usually a precursor of recovery and...
John L. Stauch: We think on a go-forward basis, we're still targeting to achieve greater than 100%. While we've lost some of the working capital opportunity in Valves & Controls, we still have plenty of working capital opportunity in FFS, and we also believe we have a less severance environment, right. So, our cash flow captures our severance outflows as well, and there were a fair amount of those in the Valves & Controls business that as we move away from Valves & Controls no longer are headwinds to the company. So we still think 100% or greater than 100% of net income is our targeted cash flow conversion.
John L. Stauch: We will be paying down more debt. I don't what yet, we're still exploring it, but given our original views, we quickly after the Valves & Controls hadn't had time to look at it.
John L. Stauch: We're now looking at it and we're seeing that for a very good return, we can invest a little bit of money and get a longer term savings. So we're looking at exploring those options and when we give our guidance, we'll be able to fully share that. But right now we're anticipating it's better than we previously said.
John L. Stauch: They're not net sales. And on a net sales basis, we're closer to the $530 million this year and that is roughly a 1 to 2 percentage point growth over where it was on a full year basis last year. It is made up of – roughly half of that is CADDY, which is a commercially exposed business, and then half of it is more related to infrastructure and also rail and utilities. So the big difference in those original slides to what we published later was gross to net deductions.
John L. Stauch: The margins in Flow & Filtration should approach what they are in Water Quality. I mean these are some high technical specs. I mean, I don't think we'll get our core pump business that high, but the filtration side of this business and the technology side of the business has a lot more potential than 15%.
John L. Stauch: Not there yet. We have to get through and figure out where we end and then we'll give guidance at the appropriate time. We just wanted to provide the framework so that people can understand how we're thinking about it.
Randall J. Hogan: I'll wrap up beginning on slide 13. As I mentioned at the beginning of the call, the sale of Valves & Controls remains on track to close at the end of this year or early next year, subject to the regulatory approvals. With the closing and the Valves & Controls separation, we expect the infusion of cash to alter our balance sheet dramatically for the better. As we discussed in August, we know what debt we will retire, mostly within our bank line. We're also exploring other options to restructure our debt, substantially reduce interest expense on our higher cost fixed rate long-term debt. We also continue to build our bolt-on acquisition funnel for businesses that have earned the right to grow, primarily within Water Quality Systems. We're doing what we can to control our destiny and while we still see some pockets of growth within residential and commercial and infrastructure, the uncertainty around any type of recovery within industrial gives us pause. So we're taking a closer look at our cost structure and adjusting it accordingly. Now, let's move to slide 14 for a look at segment positioning. Water Quality Systems has been a bright spot within the Pentair portfolio for several years, and while we've seen the growth rate moderate some, we continue to believe in the long-term prospects of this high-performing segment. With strong residential demand, dealer intimacy and a steady stream of new products, our outlook for the aquatics business remains strong. Within water filtration, we continue to believe we will benefit from increased awareness around water quality globally, and our investments in a more focused sales effort in North America and Europe are already paying early dividends. Foodservice has been a relatively consistent growth business for us longer term. We continue to believe there are many avenues for growth, including traditional restaurant sales as well as edging on into adjacent products and connected solutions. We believe Flow & Filtration Solutions remains the biggest opportunity for improvement within the Pentair portfolio. Our number one priority is reducing the complexity of the business, accelerating cost-out action and focusing on the most attractive growth prospects. We continue to see momentum around biogas and beer membrane filtration. It is encouraging that agriculture seems to have bottomed. So, we believe we're building some momentum exiting this year after a tough couple of years. As I discussed previously, we are seeing improved orders in backlog and infrastructure, which is a longer cycle part of the business, and is positioning for a return to growth. Finally, we're placing an increased focus on building our aftermarket service capabilities to leverage our installed base. Flow & Filtration Solutions has a number of opportunities and our principal focus is to prioritize which opportunities drive first and build momentum to restore growth and raise margins. We believe Technical Solutions has an attractive position in profitable areas of the electrical industry. We expect the 2016 headwinds will begin to dissipate as industrial order rates are near trough levels, hints of inflation returning are on the horizon, large projects in Canada are complete, and deferred MRO spending cannot continue forever. While we expect the strong growth in commercial to moderate, growth is likely to continue, progressively right-sizing the cost structure with the slower growth environment. This is the piece of our portfolio where we still have energy exposure. And while oil prices appear to have stabilized, we'll watch closely for signs of improving thermal MRO spending. While we still expect some near-term headwinds in parts of our portfolio, we still believe there are many avenues for growth longer-term. Now let's move to slide 15 for a look at the framework for 2017. Given the portfolio change and attendant P&L and balance sheet improvements we're undergoing, we think it's important to provide some framework for thinking about our prospects for next year. As we discussed throughout the call, we expect the slow growth world we are all facing today to continue, and we do not expect a meaningful recovery in 2017. Therefore, it's prudent to focus on having our cost structure aligned with this reality, the result of which should be margin expansion from all three segments next year. Upon the closing of the Valves & Controls sale, we expect to have an opportunity to restructure our debt, which will reduce interest expense. Also, we expect to have the financial flexibility to explore other opportunities to allocate capital in a disciplined manner. By focusing on cost, simplifying the business and improving the capital structure, we expect to be able to deliver EPS growth in excess of 15% next year with minimal top-line help while still positioning the company for the longer term. Thanks. And operator, can you please open the line for questions.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. We almost always see an uptick in the industrial spending in the fourth quarter and what we're saying is, we're not counting on that this time, with these deferrals.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. If we had hit the forecast of down 2% instead of down 6%, we would have expanded margin. I think we're making a lot of progress on simplifying the product line and on driving productivity. It's a business that frankly didn't get as much attention as we focused on Valves & Controls and now we're getting back to it. So I think there's lots of opportunities and things like agriculture coming back, the crop spray business and some of the other businesses that are some of the more profitable businesses, those stabilizing and even getting a little bit of growth is going to help in the mix.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. I'd just add, on the foodservice side, we've been growing at high teens rate in Asia, and while we're still growing there that took a step down to high single-digit growth rate, which was one change. And then we've seen some, I would call, variability in some of the deployments in some of the chains as restaurant growth has slowed down. So we expect those deployments to continue, or get positive again, as we launch a new range of products, which I referenced in my comments, but that won't happen in the quarter.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, we're going to be disciplined, I mean, we're getting out from under the overhang of a lot of the debt and we take our lessons from that, okay. But the place that we have the most opportunity. We are one of the leading players in water. We expanded that with the Tyco merger into the broader flow space and I think we want to get narrowly focused again in what I'll call the water side of the flow space. So, that's why I mentioned Water Quality. There are some that are sort of in between Water Quality and FFS, which is really, I mean, both of them together are our water business. And so, we want to continue to build that leading position and, so around water quality and availability. We like the food and beverage business, although we want to be careful about the heavy capital side of that versus things with annuity, which is why we like the membrane, the beer filtration, and also biogas, which is I think a nice growth business. So, it will be in areas that expand our reach and deepen our expertise in water – way to think about it.
Randall J. Hogan: And I would add as – and that's the framework. We're planning on a minus 2% to plus 2% top line, which means to drive the performance that we know we can drive, we need to focus on simplifying. We're already working on simplifying the cost structure with the removal of Valves & Controls. We're going to do more than that, as a result of that outlook. If we get more upside, we will be in a position to serve (26:22) on the volume side.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, we're looking beyond just the stranded cost and we're looking at how do we simply the cost structure and, in a lean sense, how do we really take out waste and variability in the course of that simplification. I'm confident that we will get to a run rate at the beginning of the year that takes that overhang away or more.
Randall J. Hogan: Right. We're carrying gross debt fairly high without taking out fixed debt structure and we think there's an opportunity to take out some of the fixed debt structure in a productive way and therefore it's incrementally better than what we had mentioned before. And we think we then have a capital and a debt structure that mirrors where we think we can be longer term as a growth oriented company.
Randall J. Hogan: The 15% plus, think about it as one half on the capital side focused on debt, and one half on the performance side.
Randall J. Hogan: The profit impact is almost 80% thermal and usually in the enclosures business, that's the place where we would see a fourth quarter uptick and we're assuming we won't.
Randall J. Hogan: As you can see overall, pricing is – it's not moving a lot in either direction. We actually think with rates go up and inflation goes up a little bit, it'll give us some more pricing leverage. I mentioned in the script that in the thermal projects, that's been tougher on the project side. But we've seen the impact of that. Now, we're being more selective about going after them because we don't want to get low-profit projects anymore. Rather just get the products of it. So I'd say there's really no dramatic change in the pricing environment in any of the businesses.
Randall J. Hogan: Steel, starting to see some pickup in steel related pricing, as a material buy. We're also seeing some uptick in some of the commodity prices for mining related commodities, Scott.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. Let me – there are – it's not wrong. We do have more products – as we move from products to solutions, they tend to be larger, more complex and we call those projects and then of course the thermal business. We saw the thermal business and about half of that is projects, a little bit more than that because of the MRO, the product sales has been impacted. So we expect that the solutions sales can still give us the same amount of margins. We need to get better at predicting when they're going to shift. We need to make sure that we're getting the same margins we're getting as we move the products to solutions and that's all underway. So strategically it's where we were going anyway because it's where customers want us to become. So there are projects in both Technical Solutions and in FSS.
Randall J. Hogan: But, Nathan, just to be clear, I think our framework, not guidance, but our framework for next year doesn't assume it does, and I think that's what we hope you took away. That, yes, we think Q4 is an anomaly, but if you take a look at the overall core growth for the company at negative 1% and moving to that general framework next year, I don't think we're counting on a big recovery next year. We think it's a slower economic growth environment and we're going to double down on the simplicity of the company, work on the debt restructuring and disciplined capital allocation to drive the value.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah, when we did that, we said we're going to have this firepower. We are about shareholder value and we will as a board look at the opportunities of how we deploy that. Our bias is to grow the business and grow the company, but we're not going to do it with non-strategic acquisitions. So if we can't find them at the right price, and it's hard to generalize as to pricing, but there's a lot of people looking at deals, so usually that causes prices to go up. But we have been disciplined, and we will continue to be disciplined as we look at it. And we're not rushing to put the capital to work. We want it to be informed by a good strategy, and the board is totally aligned on that.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, Technical Solutions has to get back to earning again. I'm not happy with the forecast that we got on the thermal side. So we want to support high execution. So there are opportunities in Technical Solutions. It's a great business. I mean, as I mentioned in the script, we have great positions in the electrical industry and there are ways to build upon those, but we need to get the cost structure in that business right. We need to get the execution back to where I know it can be, and then I'll let them come up to the front of the line again.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. I would say margins and, Josh, go back two or three years, we were making some good – FFS was, if you will, in the legacy venture side, it was the lowest performing margins and our goal was to get it to 15% or more. I still think we can get them there and we get close at some point. And so you'll see it in our margins first and then growth. So right now we actually have, as I said, some of our innovations like biogas and membrane filtration of beer, even though general the food and beverage industry isn't growing, these applications are and we're doing well in them. So we are getting good progress in a number of growth areas, it's just not enough to offset some of the areas that aren't growing. So margins first, growth second.
Randall J. Hogan: It's basically the valving in all beverage, it's dairy, it's beer, but the biggest ones for us in beer.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. So that's a refi or that's, I mean, because your interest rate, I think your average interest rate is pretty low already, right, or is there...
Charles Stephen Tusa: I got it. So it's a kind of combination of use of the proceeds effectively and then a little bit of a different structure in the underlying.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then in Technical, what's going on in the core enclosures business? And is that decline in the fourth quarter, is that all thermal related? Is that just a tough comp on thermal because it doesn't seem like the enclosures business would have that kind of a drop-off from flat given the short cycle nature.
