Randy Hogan: There is always a risk of that in major project settings. But one of the great things about the structure of our industry is when you sell through distribution the prices kind of roll through. We don’t do surcharging. Everything goes into the base. So we always assume that in our – that there will be some erosion due to the larger projects. But in terms of the flow business, stuff that really just flows through distribution, it’s a virtuous situation. Distributors benefit from price increases as well.
Randy Hogan: And if I could just add one more thing, China and Europe or Western Europe are pretty light, I mean, Western Europe is the largest – a very large export market for China, which is affecting China. And a lot of the European exports, particularly the German exports, go into China to help drive manufacturing investment, or to support manufacturing investment. So weaker China, even with a lower Euro, it doesn’t mean that there will be a huge demand increase for European – for the OEMs that we serve in Europe. So anyway that’s the way we’re thinking about it.
Randy Hogan: Yes. Industrial is the place where we are seeing deceleration and which we see a little bit in the Water and more in Tech Products. At the same time we think Residential, and Municipal, and Commercial have – we see some encouraging signs in that. Not huge volume necessarily. But certainly as we mentioned in Municipal, we expect to see actually an increase in volume sales in the fourth quarter. But some of the programs that we have in Residential I think are quite promising to help us drive growth and Residential is clearly coming off the bottom now.
Randy Hogan: Yeah. If you look at the two charts, you can see the $7 million on the Water chart and the $3 million, and it’s really – it’s all about people. It’s basically to pay for the reduction in force, which is as you know more expensive in Europe. But we expect, John, the benefits would start reading out fairly quickly.
Randy Hogan: Yeah. We –as we’ve been allowed – to the extent we’ve been able to work together and get into the details we still feel very good about our plan, we still feel very good about the strategy. What I’d like to – what we are planning to doing is bringing the teams from both sides together as soon after closing – like that first week. And then probably back to you in terms of – in terms of detailed guidance and then probably have an analyst meeting probably pull it into November-December somewhere in there where we will bring everyone together and we’ll go through things in detail.
Randy Hogan: In terms of the – as you know the Pool business got off to an early season in the first quarter, the first quarter was – it came out like we thought. The first quarter was stronger and we got the 8% growth in the second quarter here and as we look at the first half it was just what we thought it would be. So we feel good about that. We had floods both in Europe and in the U.S. in the spring last year, in 2011, and didn’t have either this year. So, I don’t John how much is...
Randy Hogan: Price sold pumps in Minnesota this morning, early this afternoon. They had three inches of rain this morning.
Randy Hogan: Yes. And the way I like to think about it is we bought CPT to have double-digit growth, $240 million in sales, that double-digit growth would be $24 million a year. I think a lot of that is from the new applications and it’s in the $20 million to $30 million range. We are making a lot of progress in Dairy. We were making a lot of progress in as – we mentioned – we mentioned a framework agreement, which is kind of interesting it’s the same sort of approach that Tyco Flow Control uses in the energy side using big frame agreements to look at multiyear relationships. We see some real opportunities to do that in food and beverage. We see some real opportunities to do that in what I would call industrial water. So and that’s where, as John mentioned, water reuse. Water reuse is – we have the technology. We have systems. We believe water reuse. We just look at the droughts and look at the issues being caused by lack of water. People – the industrials are going to be the first people that are serious about taking care of water, so we really see that technology being useful there. So I think about it in terms of $20 million to $30 million kind of a growth a year. On top of that, I believe there is at least that – there is another $20 million or so that’s in the water purification area. That’s why we focus so much on the filtration side. We are very – I’m very bullish on Hybrid DI. I think, I said before it’s not an iPad, but we’re going to work like hell to make it one. It really can be a game changer in terms of Residential and Commercial.
Randy Hogan: Yeah. There was definitely price and there was definitely productivity. And that was 270 basis points...
Randy Hogan: And that’s what exciting about when you see we are adding 20 distributors in China and we are getting 30% distribution growth in China. That telecom project that we are finally getting out of was one we took back during the financial crisis to fill the factory. I mean, so this is what happens when you don’t have lane discipline, and by the way we were on board with that decision at that time.
Randy Hogan: Yeah. The point about the good secular trends that I talked about in my script remains true. I mean, it actually as housing stabilizes particularly as the Florida market has stabilized and houses start to turn and people start fixing their pools. I’m not worried about Pool at all.
Randy Hogan: Not really. Our dealers are really pool builders and so they basically pull through Pool Corp or whatever distributor they work with, as they do a service on a pool, rebuild or build an actual pool. So there aren’t that many of them that stock and they are particularly – the ones we added are smaller ones, so they particularly don’t really stock.
Randy Hogan: The whole Eco Select product line, all of what we call the green Eco Select bottom line is 35% of our growth, and it’s been growing at least twice the rate of the overall business. So it’s been a big part of it.
Randy Hogan: I think it’s the advancement of the technology as they continue to build out what I would call more world class food and beverage capability. As you know, their dairy business is going through quite a cathartic change and so bringing in more world class technology is where we see it. Also, Beer Membranes versus the (inaudible) approach and getting these relationships with these brewers and these dairies are really the opportunities. I think less of it as takeaway as terms of just getting the growth.
Randy Hogan: No. I view it as break and fix. What happened was the stimulus – we are – this is primarily in the pump business and it’s primarily North America. We are making progress outside North America in this business, but the big changes – the stimulus package that the government –U.S. government had pulled ahead a bunch of investments. It basically paid for stuff and as soon as that money ran out, everything stopped. And then what happens is in the municipal world – I mean, our strategy has always been in municipal in U.S. is a break and fix world. It’s not – they’ve never priced to the point where they do what we would call state-of-the-art kind of investment and maintenance. They just don’t price water that way in the U.S. So what they do is when things break they fix it. And so it’s a break and fix world and they can only put that off for so long. So that’s what we believe is – they pulled ahead of a bunch of stuff when the U.S. government was paying and then it stopped, and now they can’t put it off any more.Mike Wherley – Janney Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Randy Hogan: The answer to the second question is yes. In certain areas of the Midwest, which are big irrigation areas, there are some restrictions, which haven’t read through to our order rate yet, but could do. Although it could favor more wells, well pumps as opposed to surface water pumps. The reason we think the business is up maybe around 10, so up around 13. We think the share gain – we know that we have added distributors and we’re up a lot with those distributors in some areas in the Midwest where we’re frankly under penetrated and under covered in the Midwest and Texas. We’ve also raised our service levels in California so we know our order rate there is very good. So those are the sources of why we feel good about the share gain because we can see it in different regions where we’ve had lower market share.
Randy Hogan: Yeah. I mean, we are very small in fracking, but we have had a win there in terms of pumps and treatment. We are working on gaining better access to that market because we do have technology. The big opportunities we see are where we are strong in food and beverage. Where we can get – we can reduce there – that’s one of the exciting parts of dairy is to actually reduce their water use. And the other one is in the produced water area, again and that’s regarding fracking when this stuff comes back up, it’s taking that water and cleaning it and reusing it. That’s a very promising area for us.
Randy Hogan: Let me start with that one, because I didn’t put this in the script. But I’m very proud of how well the Pentair team has stayed focused on execution, while all of this other work is going on in terms of the Tyco integration. It’s very impressive and I thank everybody at Pentair for the great job they have done with that. There will be a time when there is going to be more. Right now we don’t have a lot of discussions going on for legal reasons between go-to-market sides of the Tyco and the Pentair, because that has to wait until proper regulatory approvals. So there will be a time when there is going to be more of that and we are very watchful to make sure we don’t take our eye either off the Tyco core business or the Pentair core business. That’s why, as John said, that’s why our focus is on firming up our core. In terms of CPT, we have instituted different pricing mechanisms in pricing. There was an approach to basically make money on the membrane and sell the system at cost and just make the money on the membrane. We don’t take that approach. We want to make money on the systems too and so we winning with better pricing, so that’s going to read through as we ship those. And in terms of productivity, some of the restructuring we did actually is related to CPT as we’ve gotten to the point where Lean is having an impact. We either fill the factories with additional business or we take costs out, so some of the repositioning is actually related to CPT, so we can get some of the benefits from Lean to actually go to the bottom-line. I don’t know John if you want to...
John Stauch: Yeah. I mean – we are not yet at a point where the Euro is low enough where I think we see the benefit. I mean, when we saw it under 120 last time, we saw a pretty significant pick up in exports. So we’re not calling for that or planning for that in the second half. But we do buy projects or buy products from Europe and we are absolutely seeing a transactional benefit of purchasing, drives for instance, and our IntelliFlo pumps come from Europe. And we also cross ship and sell into the U.S. technical products. So I think we’ve got the foreign exchange, although it’s a headline on the top line. I think we’ve got it managed on the cost position well. And just to reiterate what Randy said, I mean, we’re not looking for a pick up. Matter of fact, Q3 will be down sequentially as normal because of the August shut down, which is typical in Europe. And then as Randy mentioned, starting in September of last year, we saw a significant decline in our water businesses. So I think we’ve framed it appropriately and obviously we’re not looking for a pick up.
John Stauch: I mean, just to put some context there. I mean, we are really saying that high single-digits in North American industrial slows to 3 to 4 points of growth, which I think is a probably more normalized long term growth rate. In Residential, if you really look at it, we’ve got two businesses Water Purification and our Pool business that are in the high single-digits and we’ve been impacted on the retail side of flood related products to the tune of down 30% year-over-year. So, we have seen a recovery in the Residential in two of our three businesses. And we’re expecting those year-over-year comparisons in the retail side to mitigate at some point here, and I think you’ll see the residential growth start to accelerate.Brett Lindsay – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. I’ll get back in queue. Thanks.
John Stauch: Yeah. Q3, Q4 next year and think of the pay back being 40% to 50% of the expected reduction. I think – to put it in context, we look at delivering the long-term goals with the type of merger is delivering the base. Making sure that the synergies are additive to that base and then our bolt-on acquisitions would be additive to those numbers and think of this as securing the base in wake of what is now a slightly slower Europe than expected, and making sure that we’re staying out ahead of the cost actions to stay competitive.
John Stauch: I mean, our flood related SKUs, put in context, are down 30% year-over-year. So that gives you a context. I mean, it’s hitting our Water business by roughly 2 to 3 points on a year-over-year basis. We don’t have any anticipated weather in the second half. We’re not weather forecasters here. So we’ve kept things consistent with where they’ve been sequentially.
John Stauch: We track them all along, I mean, we didn’t see any different or uniqueness. June finished fairly strong. April and May were consistent with what our expectations were. So as far as color, I mean, we anticipated some challenges and things played out pretty much as expected except for the currency and Europe not getting better versus Q1.
John Stauch: I’ll just give you the numbers piece first and then I’ll let Randy kind of fill in the color. I mean, we’ve got a really growing robust backlog in our CPT related project businesses. And as we mentioned on the last several calls we’ve been in the transition of moving away from the muni projects, except for desel where we have a really nice product offering, and transitioning into more water reuse and CO2 recovery and Beer Membrane filtration industrial side. We are targeting north of 10% growth on what is now north of $300 million annual basis and you should think of the backlog or the project deck being multiple times that as you would expect leakage in that project and the push out of the projects. So that gives you an idea of what we are targeting and kind of where our backlog is. And I will let Randy put in the color where we...
John Stauch: If I was estimating it, you can’t be precise on that, but I would say it’s anywhere from 70 to 80 basis points of mixed benefit. If you think of it in areas that we’ve been challenged, I mean, our European businesses don’t have the margins that our North American business does in Technical Products. And the communications side, which is OEM and project related work, especially towards the tail end of those projects where the volumes aren’t where they used to be, tend to be very low margin.
John Stauch: But I think – just to follow up on that. I mean, one of the things Randy is challenging this business for sometime about is, we don’t need to continue to chase these large telecommunication businesses. So as we build the factories and start to fill the international locations, we’re looking more for that steady margin, industrial energy and infrastructure.
John Stauch: Brazil was a rounding error, Rob. I mean, with the time you take to add in the revenue less the foreign exchange in the Real, I mean, maybe less than a $1 million.
John Stauch: We are just getting it up and then we’ve got an inventory impact. Yeah, I mean, I think it’s hard to call upper-single digit 8% growth in a business that’s not seeing an increase in installed base, and our Pool permits today are 80% or down 80% from where they were at the peak. So we are not seeing a substantial amount of increase in Pool builds, but we are seeing an increase in content from the energy efficiency line that we are adding.
John Stauch: Well, as I said, I kind of looked at the first quarter as the weather was so good that had to be – couldn’t continue that we thought there was (inaudible) from second quarter. We planned, we thought that way and in fact it was. So we kind of look at the first half and say, yeah, it was about like we thought it should be.
John Stauch: But we do look at it as way to gain more content in the overall market Deane, and so we hope that that has a sustainable impact on the growth rate long-term.
John Stauch: And Deane, just as we shared with you or shared with everyone earlier, the overall market is not growing. So we definitely think that this Eco Select line is helping us grow double-digit, high single-digits in what is not necessarily a robust market.
John Stauch: Yeah. It’s about 4 million to 5 million total payback. And we expect it to start – annually – so we expect to start within Q3, Q4, so (inaudible).
John Stauch: Yeah. Let me, just give the first piece and then I’ll let Randy share with you. For the first half of the year to put in context, our overall global infrastructure in muni was down about 5% to 7% year-over-year, and so what we’re now – sales. So now what we’re heading into is a growing backlog in order rate in which we think that at least is not negative in the back half of the year.
John Stauch: As I mentioned earlier, Scott, I will break into the three components and think of this as roughly a third, a third, a third. You know, a third being our water purification business, which is seeing definitely a pickup in orders and shipments in North American residential. And I would put that more in the mid- to high single-digit range. Pool as we mentioned earlier experienced double-digit for the first half and eight in the Q2 and we have it in sort of the 5% to 7% range for the rest of the year. Now that is a season that starts to dwindle off here, so it’s not really an indicator. And then we are experiencing this headwind in the flood side of residential flow, but if you take the pump business that goes into well, which benefits from the drought season, again, we are seeing an uptick in the orders somewhere in that 5% to 7% range. So definitely movement in residential, certainly a long way from the top, but starting to feel like we are seeing some recovery.
John Stauch: Yeah. I would just add. I mean, to answer your question, I think of it is 200 to 250 basis points a year for the next couple of years, and that’s both from the integration of the back office, the pricing disciplines that Randy mentioned, the better positioning of products into industrial versus muni. And then just a lot of the Lean activities that are really starting to read out and as they embrace it.
