John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, you're right. I mean, obviously, on the larger projects and there isn't a lot of large projects, but larger projects are the most price pressured. Even some of the smaller projects are receiving a fair amount of price pressure. But the like-for-like highly-sensitive safety-related valve applications in the standard product have not yet seen a price deterioration. I mean, we are anticipating some, but it's kind of – as of Q3, it's generally held on the price-to-price. We have visibility of that in the systems.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I mean I would say in general, I mean, we're seeing anywhere from – on a standard larger project, we're seeing 10 points to 15 points of pricing pressure. Now...
John L. Stauch: Now, some of that is foreign exchange. Some of that is recoverable through the material and the sourcing lines and some of that we're asking our partners to participate. But it's generally in that range on the larger projects. It's probably in the 5 points to 10 points range on the midsized projects. And as I said, it's relatively holding on standard.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, real quick. Our customer buys from us either in a short cycle, I need it quickly, I want it for a installed based or MRO aftermarket application, or I'm seeking an engineer to order application or a project. So, our sales force has been working to meet those customer needs in that regard. So, what we've done is we've aligned the two value streams to support that within the business around those two buying proposals, which starts to identify the needs to serve the short cycle, which means I need local inventory, I need to get it to you in 24 to 48 hours, I have to have service centers to be able to give you the service you need. And then on longer projects, I can generally ship that from anywhere in the world, and I can begin to work and then engineer the order to the customers' needs. The standard is obviously a higher margin, and you're buying something that you need on a like-for-like basis. The engineer, we have options, and the first option is, where do we want to play? And where do we want to build our annuity base over the next 10 years? And as I mentioned, I think it was at your conference, Deane, that we have to look at our variable nature of that project business. So, can we buy some of the products that we're making today? Can we source in some of the products that are lower margin. And then ultimately, as we build that business back over time, we don't want to carry the large fixed cost structure that we had when we were $2.5 billion to $3 billion business. So, I think as we shape this into 2016 and 2017, those will be the priorities. The team is rallying behind that, as Randy said. It is the right way to shape the business. And we think when we do this, we're going to be in a great position to capture share and to serve our customers better.
John L. Stauch: I mean we had done it from a standpoint of moving to adjusted EPS last quarter. And with the inclusion of ERICO, it didn't seem proper to leave $130-ish million or $140 million in amortization just down below the line. And so, by moving it back to the segments, it more appropriates where that amortization is held and gives a relative margin range excluding that amortization, which then makes it more relative to the industries in which they compete.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I mean, I think we saw the Industrial short cycle down double-digits as we exited the quarter, and we're assuming that, as Randy mentioned, we're not expecting restocking to occur. And usually in the Q4, we're helped in that segment by people buying ahead of what's anticipated to be price increases next year. And also, we're assuming there's uncertainty in their buying pattern. So, we're adjusting Q4 to reflect September levels carrying through Q4, and we think that's appropriate given where we are in the understanding of the markets that we're participating in today.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, we'll be addressing incremental actions in Q4 as we suggest, and obviously some of those are the identified Valves & Controls actions which will be actioned in Q4, and we'll have benefit next year. We'll also be taking a look at the Technical Solutions business as it relates to the industrial footprint and taking some actions there to right-size that cost structure to be competitive with the market conditions we mentioned. Clearly, from Valves & Controls perspective, we are very targeted long term to be at that 18% ROS margin range which we thought was a competitive benchmark. And then, you look at that in the new adjusted operating income, somewhere 20% over the next five years. So, we think we see margin expansion next year regardless of what the top line is in Valves & Controls and that's a huge benchmark for us to continue to work back the cost model. So, when growth returns, and it will return, we start leveraging nicely up and really start to benefit from all the cost actions that we're putting behind us.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, we saw a fairly significant push-out of revenue from Q3 to Q4. We're assuming that gets pushed out all the way into 2016. The only real difference between Q3 and Q4 is that Q3 has the August which is generally a shutdown month in its entirety, and we have an extra shipping day in Q4. But there's not a big expected seasonality jump for Q3 to Q4. We're just assuming the same level of push-outs and what our existing shippable backlog is, Steve.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I mean, I think if you took a look at Valves & Controls incentives and the total GBU opportunity paid at 100% target, we have no idea what those targets will be after 2016, that would be about a $30 million number. And you can assume that not much of that's being paid this year. So, that gives you a kind of an idea. Now, obviously, we're going to expect some growth next year. We're going to expect some effort, and we'll align those targets appropriately.
John L. Stauch: We'll also see wage inflation, Steve. I mean, we won't – we don't expect to see much on the material side. Definitely, we're seeing commodity prices weakening. But we are still having wage inflation to keep good talent around.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. As we said, both in Randy's remarks and my remarks, we're behind in working capital and we don't want to give up yet. I mean, there's clearly probably a $50 million risk associated with that. But we feel like that working capital is ours to go get, and we don't want to give up on it yet and we feel like there's path and actions to go get it . So, we'll work with the GBUs. We also have capital. We've seen our customers adjust their capital spending; we're adjusting ours as well.
John L. Stauch: I mean, the weakest geography is not a big geography for us. But the weakest on a percentage basis will be Brazil. Clearly, everybody is seeing that. China has not been a strong environment this year, but it's starting to see some power benefits. And for the most part then, it's just a broad-based – as you stop these larger projects globally, it's affecting all regions. The only strength that we've had this year is North America.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I mean, it's a good organization, first of all. It's been always customer-centric. And what we needed to do and what we have done as a leadership team and certainly with Randy's sponsorship is addressing the way that the customer or we go to the customer in these value streams. And when you get the simplicity of how the customer wants to be served either short cycle or long cycle, it gives you the clarity to build your SIOP processes and really reduce the complexity in the back office to support it. And so, the team has embraced it. It's a seasoned team who understands the industry, understands the customer needs, and we're excited about the game changer that I think that's going to be.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I'll hold back in the number until we identify it specifically. But we have to address – as I mentioned, we have a short cycle of footprint that we need to optimize around which is where our customers' installed base is and how do we serve that most effectively. And then we also have the long cycle or the project-based engineer-to-order footprint that we have to address. I, as the Valves & Controls leader, owe both of those plans to Randy and we'll be taking a look at some footprint actions and beginning to right-size primarily that project side to make sure we got the right cost structure to compete on those larger projects which, again, we'll be prioritizing those types of things that we think grows our installed base over time.
John L. Stauch: These are the things about the cost of transitioning one factory to another factory or the downsizing of those particular...
John L. Stauch: I don't have a number. I'll be pulling it out anecdotally, and I'd rather – I don't have a specific number. I can't give it to you.
John L. Stauch: Obviously, we would measure prices the way most companies do, which is I have the like product last year and I have the same like product this year. And when I compare those two prices, I've got a year-over-year price impact. And as I've said earlier, we're not seeing a price negativity yet on the standard side where that would show up. Where we are seeing the pricing is on booked margin, when we go off to win a job and we would've won that at maybe 44% gross margin, and then we're down to 42% gross margin because of the effective price pressure that's in the engineered components. And again, that would be a brand new product that we don't have compared against new product today (49:01).
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So we've shared that we think it's at least a couple more points of headwind that you see on that booked margin.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So Chris, we obviously are getting the cost out this year. But as you know, that gets hung up in the inventory side in what we call deferred productivity or capitalized variance in the manufacturing side. So the costs we got on the manufacturing, we won't start to recognize till next year, and that's a big piece of the cost that we've been after this year. We are getting a little bit of benefit from what we're doing in the G&A in the selling and marketing sides, and we'll experience some of that in Q4. But the main goal here is that we are hitting the ground on January 1 with a full run rate of those savings to offset the types of things that Randy mentioned in his prepared remarks.
John L. Stauch: Well, I'll tackle (55:09) Valves & Controls real quick. And first of all, we are committed to what we call the operating model transformation, which is putting our company – our valves business headquartered in Switzerland and benefiting from the global cash advantaged structure that we have. And so, we'll continue doing that. Obviously, we'll tweak it a little bit to mirror the value streams that I mentioned. But we are – three of those major ERP migrations are behind us, and then we'll continue to right-size the factory structure. But I think you should expect a little less capital spent in Valves & Controls primarily because the volume's down. ERICO itself was not a capital-intensive purchase. Matter of fact, very cash rich and spent less than $10 million...
John L. Stauch: Except the purchase price. We spent less than $10 million a year on capital. So not a hugely capital-intensive play. Where we've been spending the money in Technical Solutions has been primarily automating our enclosure lines, obviously reducing labor and improving quality, reducing warranty. So we continue to do that because the payback and the IRR was quite high. So, again, mindful on capital. We always say creativity before capital, something Randy's taught the organization. We'll continue to implement that.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, I'll handle the first one, then I'll let Randy clarify it. But right now, material in Valves & Controls is roughly 33% to 35% of sales. So, it gives you an indication when you lose $1 of revenue what the impact is if you can't mobilize the cost-out. And after several cost-out plans, you could assume that we have a fair amount of fixed cost to the business.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, we expect to finish this year 23% as we shared, and I think we believe this point of opportunity into the next several years.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. It's expenses that might have been realized overall a -- within 2016 that we're going to get done and behind us in the fourth quarter.
John L. Stauch: The first part, no, we don't see any of this causing disruption in our channels, certainly not at the moment. And obviously, we'll be closely watching that as we enter into 2016 and help (1:02:36) sustain this capital spending pauses. As far as the other geographies, I mean, as I mentioned, I mean, North America was doing well and then we saw the currency change, and we saw pullback in the overall North American model. And now we've seen a global malaise, I guess.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. That would be the headline price and then the issue is how much of that can you recapture in terms of source product and others. So, that's – in other words, that's – really, the comment is about net – what nets to the margin, right.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah, Drew, I think – I mean, as you recall, we saw what we were characterizing as a pause in industrial spending, I'd say really starting in the first quarter, went into the second quarter. We saw it really roll over into a decline with the short cycle which we really see in our Hoffman business. North America Hoffman which is high share in the industrial world, but broad-based industrial, right? And we saw that, in particular, September; we saw a deceleration. Now, a part of that is uncertainty, how much of it is destocking. But it is what informs us into – you usually see an Industrial – in Energy, you would see a fourth quarter catch-up on spending. And what we're saying is we don't think it's smart to think that will happen in the fourth quarter this year as a result.
Randall J. Hogan: And then we don't know how long it will last, but we do think there's a bit of a knock-on effect. We talked about it before from Energy into the Industrial. I think that's really what this is.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. We're thinking about 2% to 3% next year for the ERICO. And you're right, it is skewed commercial; 75% of the sales is commercial, which we like that exposure. Our share is low in the rest of our Technical Solutions offering with the exception of the thermal building. We're one of the key players there on the thermal side. But on the closures and related equipment side, our share is lowest in commercial. And so, we see some opportunities there and we're – we don't have any – we know there are synergistic opportunities, but that 2% to 3% wouldn't include whatever synergy to growth we can get on the Hoffman brand.
Randall J. Hogan: We thought ultimately it would be more helpful. The $0.40 of accretion we talked about for 2016 is on an adjusted income basis. So, we felt that that was more parallel to do – to pass that back down (30:53).
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. We're going to go into that framework in a fair bit of detail at the Investor Meeting. But the way to think about it is that we talked it – what I talked about it on the script is, and I'll just walk through segment-by-segment, we are going to control our own destiny in Valves & Controls. That's why we're taking the $135 million out because we want to build a plan that has income growth next year even if revenue is softer. So, that's sort of the planning effort there. On Flow & Filtration, as I mentioned also on the script, we really are making progress back towards growth. We will have no more of this lapping of the exit of the large but unprofitable big box segment for us, plus we're seeing – we are seeing Infrastructure, as I mentioned, a quarter earlier in growth there and the backlog supports – our order rate supports that to continue. So we do think Flow & Filtration's heading in the right direction and we'll have a lot more background on that. And in Residential & Commercial, the third quarter was a little lower but we think that was more ephemeral than anything structural. So -- but that's how we're thinking about it.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, really, it's part and parcel of what John just talked about. I mean, there are – the double-digit decline in September, we think, has a big component of destocking, but it has some real end market decline as well. And that's that maintenance – deferred maintenance, there's lower operating expenses, lower capital spending on a broader base than just oil and gas in the other industries.
Randall J. Hogan: We identified the inventory was heading in the wrong direction to support growth in a number of places where the growth wasn't there to get. So, that reversed. I mean, we got good focus on it and we made some progress in the third quarter. We expect a lot more progress in the fourth on...
Randall J. Hogan: Well, let's just talk about oil and gas. You can't defer maintenance forever. They're actually running pretty flat out. Usually, they have refinery turnarounds right about now. A lot of them haven't happened because they have a lot of end market demand and they are maximizing crack spreads. They can't continue that forever. I mean, it's a very safety-sensitive, safety-focused industry. And we also think that a lot of the short – there's been – the capital – the spending reductions in oil and gas and now industrials has been rapid and it has been blunt as opposed to precise. We believe that the planning that's going on right now in the oil and gas industry from the window we have is that there's no intention to keep maintenance down and – unless they're a factory. Yeah. So, for upstream ongoing maintenance, clearly, will be lower. But most of what we're talking about is really refining petrochemical gas plants, industrial factories. Those – unless you're shutting down a factory, you're still doing that. And so, we – history says that you can do it for a short time, but you can't do it forever. So, that's our core planning assumption. We haven't seen anything to tell us different.
Randall J. Hogan: Sure. Beth is someone that I had known by reputation for a while. And we're – we may be dealing with some short-term issues in terms of end markets that we don't control, but we do control our own destinies. You've known us a long time. And we intend to continue to build the company. And to build the company, you need great people. So the opportunity to have Beth join the team was one that we were quite excited about. And so she is, so she's on the team. Valves & Controls, we're actively searching right now. And I'm not going to put a date or tell you, but we have a legitimate candidate. I know at least one person in this room that's anxious to get the person onboard; maybe two.
Randall J. Hogan: I'm going to answer this even though you think the CFO would, because I would like to give John and his team credit.
Randall J. Hogan: We have really good disciplines around receivables and really conservative practices in terms of watching for late payments and the like. And John and his finance team have been watching it like a hawk. We also have heard some of these reports, and so we're active – we're proactively making sure that we are not hurt by that. And we're not seeing it. We're not seeing anything meaningful in that regard.
Randall J. Hogan: Sure. First of all, if you recall, the biggest part of Energy, oil & gas in (51:24) specifics in Technical Solutions is the thermal business. The thermal business Industrial business saw a huge decline in opportunity. If you recall, things like Voyager up in Canada got cancelled. We had won that. We were seeing those declines back in 2013. I mean 2013, 2014. So we had already sort of seen a decline and, if you want, this is sort of a positive off that bottom, because two large projects are going forward and we won them both. So, we're shipping those now. We're enjoying those now. When I talked about the margin pressures in Technical Solutions, it's the margins on those large projects versus the product margins specifically. So, those – we're actively winning other projects. They're not that size. So, that'll be a headwind but that's a headwind we're planning on managing through. So, that's those projects. So, it's really not – it's not whistling through the graveyard. It's those specific projects.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, there is opportunities there. They're not as large as some of those ones there, we're actively looking at and bidding on some, particularly in North America where a lot of that activity is. We think we'll do fine there and we've actually got a good backlog on the industrial thermal side. So – and a lot of is non-oil sands. And that's where the activity is, so...
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. I would just say two things, Josh. Number one, the level of complexity that – we have made goods strides, particularly in the Four-Wall Lean, reducing the complexity in the business. But in terms of the business complexity, it's still enormous. And so, really, John and the team have gotten a really good focus on that. So, there's a lot more structure to take out. But I would also ask you to – I mean, I know – I'm anxious to get to those answers, too, and more fully, and we'll be better prepared to give you more insights on November 6.
Randall J. Hogan: Most of what they sell is sold through distribution, so it'd be a classic discount to a book list. And then, they have a sales force very much like our pool (58:47) sales force which, even though our product goes through distribution, we have a sales force on the other side that helps sell it through and sells through the applications. There also is some project pricing. But think of it more along – more akin to like a Hoffman structure.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. Yeah. Municipal, it's not just in the U.S., it's more broadly than that. I think it's a recovery of municipal spending. Our backlog – or excuse me, our order rate has been improving the last several quarters and as I mentioned, we figured we were going to turn to growth in Flow & Filtration in the fourth quarter and we actually got growth in the third quarter. So, it's a little bit early. Now, we also put telecom in Infrastructure.
Randall J. Hogan: And that's in Technical Solutions and that's – we talked about that in the call; I mean on the script.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, it's on an adjusted basis, right? So, it's ex-amortization. The things like it's rebranding, re-signing, all the startup costs, if you will, that we'd like to get them out of the way quickly, as opposed to, less quickly.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I mean, in fast food we have fast growth. I mean, China and Brazil gets a lot of attention, but actually Southeast Asia is growing for us.
Randall J. Hogan: I'm talking about at the Pentair level. Latin America, ex Brazil, has grown for us, actually the Middle East overall has grown for us. So, we still have opportunities and promise in those markets even as those larger countries struggle a bit.
