John Stauch: Sure. So, first on core growth side, you can assume that the majority of that higher core growth in the first quarter and for the full year is driven by the pool business within Consumer Solutions with their Residential Commercial Filtration Systems side being little bit more moderated but also contributing to the higher core growth.  On the inventory side, yes, we see inventory levels now back to more normalized levels and so, as we’ve talked about throughout the year, that was the objective and we saw those come back in line and we would anticipate not having to really comment on inventories going forward. 
John Stauch: Yes, I think, one of the reasons to put the like businesses together we mentioned was really about the consumer focus and we had the opportunity to share digital marketing strategies across the Water Solutions and pool. We all have the ability to utilize branding, messaging and also when you think about where the pool revenue is by states and geography, those are huge water opportunities from a drinking water perspective. So there is a lot of strategic growth opportunities on the Consumer Solutions side.  On the IFT side, we think we have a lot of operational efficiencies we can drive both in the way that we – it’s a very global business. So the geographical footprint has the opportunity to be better understood and better optimized. And we also have project learnings from each of the businesses Jeff that we think we can expand to PIMS capability to be more efficient in a way that we deliver projects to our end-customer base.  So, ultimately, we feel really good about this line-up. Both have margin opportunities. I think in the short run, you are going to see more margin expansion in the IFT side while we invest heavily in the Consumer Solutions to build out the consumer side, but as you know, the Consumer Solutions businesses have a higher starting ROS level. 
John Stauch: Yes, I think you nailed it. I mean, we have some easier comparisons than the first half of the year and we believe that we are going to get back to normal seasonality given what we are expecting around the overall demand in our business.  So, you got it. The second one is, we are going to continue to invest in our growth opportunities and that core assumption of that continued investment is in all year, but it’s muting kind of the back half performance. 
John Stauch: Yes, so, what infrastructure we have, we purchased Pelican which gave us the end-to-end solutions and the in-home residential experience that we think we can move forward under what would comp Pentair Water Solutions. And we want to be the fully integrated supplier to be able to give to consumers good quality drinking water at their point of use in the home.  We also think we can expand that capability into commercial and really utilize our commercial expertise and our water expertise to expand where you work and where you live. So, we are building out that infrastructure and capability. A lot of that’s digital.  The rest of it’s really highly around the technical capabilities we are bringing around our ability to solve those solutions either in the home or in the commercial application through carbonation and/or chilled water and/or salt free applications.  So that’s really where we’ve been spending our time. I would also say that the margins in these businesses start out on a really nice basis. Think about around 20%-ish and we believe that growth highly leverages both the investment and the existing infrastructure we have. 
John Stauch: No. I mean, clearly, this is more of a growth in operational efficiency and we like the business as we have. I do think when it comes to prioritizing across the portfolio, you can expect more of the capital allocation as far as the acquisition to be on the Consumer Solutions side.  And as far as the day-to-day growth investments, probably in the near-term on the Consumer Solutions side. But we have businesses that have performed well in the IFT side and we want to continue to prior to those – prioritize those within the IFT space. So, to answer your question just say simply, no. We don’t anticipate a spin. 
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, starting with the point that we sell over $1 billion a year of branded pool products and we have a very active user in pool that references and comes to the Pentair.com website often, right? So, we have a really large despite there is 5 million installed pools with an active user Googling and certainly seeking more information about their products.  That gives us the ability to bring traffic to Pentair.com and then make those consumers and more aware of the types of things we can do to also help their quality of water in their homes. From there, we expect to take those leads and move them to our independent dealer channels and solve those - needs of those consumers.  And so, we are starting from a really good place and when I mention that our web traffic is up 60%. A lot of that increased web traffic is people looking for drinking water or in-home solutions. And then, with our Pelican direct-to-consumer and services model, we are expanding that to do things beyond just to solve free systems that they offer.  And we have the ability over the next three or five years to really build what we think is the right services and consumer focus to model that we can give people the national awareness and the differentiation by zip code that I think people want. 
John Stauch: Yes, just to thank the internal Pentair team, so may we did – as I mentioned in my script, 5,000 people in the United States wait in. Those are consumers of water as to how they engage and buy water and how they want to buy and engage water and we use that to reform where we think we want to go.  As you could imagine the type of web capabilities or digital capabilities we need on B2B business is a more things related to awareness, content, some dealer portals and then also on the consumer side, we need to have the consumer engagement and the ability to work directly with the consumer and the dealer to satisfy that need.  Also, when you think operationally, we got to get to next day shipments and same day shipments in our Consumer side of the business. We don’t need that same type of infrastructure capability on the IFT side. So, what we learned about how we can differentiate ourselves against competition in these spaces inform how we create the segmentation and then build the capability around the businesses to help each of the business to succeed.  Mike, that’s what we really learned and those are lessons learned and I am very proud of how we’ve organized the organization. I am very optimistic and excited about what we can do with these two organizations. 
John Stauch: Yes, so, as we continue to generate cash and have opportunities, I like what we are doing organically and I think we are well positioned today and we have to opportunistically participate in the M&A at the right return levels.  There has been some acquisitions that have been announced and kind of went beyond us here and I think we have to be disciplined because we have to, when we engage in acquisitions deliver a significant ROIC over some period of time. So, we are going continue to be disciplined and we have options and I think those options gives the ability to create the best shareowner value. 
John Stauch: Sure. So just in terms of that looking at the sequential on why they did slightly better than forecast, really just continued back – getting back to what I said is a more normalized level. So, good solid demand in the quarter and really nothing unusual from an overall demand perspective. 
John Stauch: So, in Consumer Solutions, right, we guided sort of for the full year up 5% to 7%. I think portion of that is being driven by the pool business within Consumer Solutions. And then, the Filtration piece that’s in there is, maybe kind of the mid-single-digit, low mid-single-digit type of growth and the pool piece would be more of that kind of mid to high-single-digit. 
John Stauch: I do think over three to five years, Nathan, without a doubt we are going to see functional efficiencies across these two segments and driving higher efficiencies to the businesses. It’s not the main intent of doing this.  As a matter of fact, we are adding back resources and the differential capabilities into the businesses and segments based upon the needs we have. But over a three to five year period, I do think we will start to identify function-by-function, how we can differentiate ourselves in these segments and that will drive some value. But I can’t quantify right now, Nathan. 
John Stauch: But Mark mentioned the headwind. I think the reinstatement of variable compensation, which tends to be extremely low in a tough year like 2019, it is going to come back to a headwind as we head into 2020. That’s the only thing we see out there in the horizon. We have added about 2% of revenue over the last couple of years in the form of investments in the R&D, sales and marketing, and the development of people as we mentioned.  And we continue to invest and I read for you some of those big advancements on the IoT side and the digital front. I do think now that’s going to stabilize as we go forward and that level of investment will continue. But we don’t see those sizable year-over-year headwinds that I think has been mitigating what has been real productivity in the businesses.  And finally, growth. I mean, when you get back to growth and you get core volume growth, that goes a long way in factories to drive productivity. So I think the cost input sides have stabilized and I think our ability to invest is going to pay dividends and continue with an investment will no longer be a year-over-year challenge.  And then, when we return to growth, we should see ourselves getting back to the productivity that you mentioned, Nathan.
John Stauch: I mean, it’s going to vary up and down a little bit, Nathan, but we probably have over the next three to five years some G&A opportunity and at the same time, we are going to continue to invest in more innovative products around R&D.  So, a couple of the lines that are going to move from quarter-to-quarter or year-to-year. But overall, we don’t see a step change investment that’s required to grow our existing businesses. 
John Stauch: Yes, very similar really from the commentary I would had last quarter in terms of geographic split. So, some softness in Europe in certain product lines. We continued to see good momentum in China and then, the remainder of the puts and takes coming out of North America. 
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, Filtration, on a historical basis, there is a lot of different pieces to that business is that we talked about with different margin profiles. So, some of that is just a mix in the fourth quarter related to other quarters as we just look at the makeup of the product sales in a quarter. 
John Stauch: Well, two different questions. So let me try to address. I think when we look at the linearity of our revenue and you take a look at moving throughout a year from Q1 to Q2 to Q3 to Q4, we have seen significant stability in most of – all of our product categories.  Where we are exposing residential commercial, we still see resilience and we still see a strong consumer sentiment driving incremental demand. In Industrial, yes, I mean, things had gotten a little slower globally. We don’t have a lot of Industrial exposure, but the product lines we have, have shown basically more of a flattening of the quarter-to-quarter growth trajectory. 
John Stauch: Yes, I don’t have a target for that, primarily I would look at – what we are trying to do is, consumer-enabled which is different than B2C, right? So, we are trying to gauge the consumer and make the consumer aware of all the different options available to them. And then we are trying to bring it through a professional channel either in the event of us providing those services or our affiliated partners bringing that through their channel.  Our direct-to-consumer business today is just Pelican and it’s what they did before. I think of that is $20 million to $30 million maybe, that gives us a little bit in the form of a product the rest of it’s all sold to services. 
John Stauch: Yes, well, we did a soft launch and we'll be continuing to take the consumer feedback and evolve it. But we are excited. We obviously are not trying to be the integrated home platform. There is other companies who will lead in that area, but we want to tie into those platforms. And then, we want to have a whole suite of products and capability that would help you make the consumer more aware of their water needs.  Where I am most excited by though is on the dealer side, right? And as we provide a connectability of that App and allow the consumer to get their dealers scheduled or request the service in an most efficient way and then also follow-up on the consumer experience, that’s what we are really excited about with that application launch.
John Stauch: Yes to margin expansion in both segments. And right now, we are not targeting or forecasting any major restructuring or restructure. 
John Stauch: Thank you for joining us today. Despite the challenging start to 2019, we made great progress with respect to our vision to build a high performance growth culture. We believe we have significant opportunities ahead of us and with our customer-centric structure and shared services support platform, we are ready to further advance the Pentair strategy more efficiently and with a greater sense of urgency. I speak for the full Pentair team when I say we are excited about our future, optimistic about 2020 and motivated to create value for all key stakeholders in the near and longer-term. Thank you for your continued interest. Mariama, you can conclude the call. 
Mark Borin: Sure, sure, let me try to walk through it, Steve. So, maybe first just thinking about price cost. As we talked before, we expect to be back to kind of a more historical normal level, look at price cost kind of offsetting and being in that 1% to 2% range.  We have got the – so that’s embedded in the core growth and volume growth, on top of that, we would expect to see drop through and that’s kind of mid-30s range to 40% on the volume drop through. And then, from a productivity perspective, John referenced earlier, we would expect to see productivity coming out of Industrial or the IFT segment.  And then offsetting that, we certainly do have there are some things that will be headwind in 2020 coming out of 2019. If you think about incentive compensation and some other variable expense items that would have been lower in 2019 that really is headwind to negative productivity in 2020. So that would be an offset to the actual productivity that the businesses are driving. 
Mark Borin: So, I think, working capital, think of it as a positive on a year-over-year basis. So, as I said in my comments, it’s negatively affected us this year primarily looking at payables timing and a little bit on just receivables and much of that is related to the situation from 2018 and then bleeding over into 2019. And as we look at 2020, we are back to – well, I think it’s a more normalized level.  So we shouldn’t see big swings either to the positive or the negative frankly on working capital and you know, just to be clear on the guide around a 100% of net income versus a 100% of adjusted net income, we do recognize there are certain things that are reflected in adjusted net income that our cash expenses and so that’s also part of – as we think about what the reasonable expectation on a conversion basis.  So, it’s something on an adjusted basis, just slightly less than a 100%. But the guide would be greater than a 100% of net income. 
Mark Borin: Yes, yes, we’re – the overall guide includes an assumption of Ag being around flattish. So, you are right. There should be easier comps overall, but we are not anticipating any big rebound and just in terms of size, that business is about kind of 15% of the IFT segment. 
Mark Borin: Sure, as I was tracking earlier about sort of the expectation for Ag coming into 2020, thinking of it sort of being flattish. So it was down last year and really returning to flat. But not anticipating and nothing is embedded in guidance in terms of any significant recovery. 
Mark Borin: Sure, and just to go back to sort of the inventory question. So, it’s a good point. We talk about pool or inventory both in the pool and then some of the other business as it relates to some of the buy ahead that happened in the back half of 2018.  So, a couple of things that introduces and factors into our guidance for 2020, but it also helps explain the Q4 2019 performance as on a year-over-year comp basis, we’ve got the tougher comps in 2018 that are tied to that buy ahead that was related to the price increase. 
Mark Borin: That’s correct. That’s correct. So, my comment on sort of normalized inventory levels would be applied really across all of the businesses. 
Mark Borin: That would really be tied to kind of my comment on the Filtration business. So, sort of the low mid-single-digit growth rate. 
Mark Borin: Sure, and just to clarify, so there is kind of a net going on in Q1. So there is the acquisition timing of Aquion and Pelican from 2018 that lapses and coming into this quarter. So that’s about $12 million and then, the rest of it is the sale of the agriculture business that we had announced previously. So that sale has been ongoing and so, the guide reflects the assumption that that business has been divested in 2020. 
