John L. Stauch: Thank you, Randy. Please turn to slide number 14, titled Balance Sheet and Cash Flow. We ended the first quarter with $4.8 billion of net debt inclusive of cash on hand. This is a slight increase from our year-end debt levels due to seasonal working capital build, particularly in our residential and commercial businesses. As Randy mentioned earlier, our free cash flow was over $100 million better to start the year versus the comparable period last year. While we did consume minimal cash in the quarter, in line with historical patterns, we continue to expect to deliver our free cash flow target of approximately $750 million for the year. Our ROIC ended the quarter at 9.6%. Our capital expenditure forecast remains unchanged at approximately $150 million as we continue to invest in the businesses that have earned the right to grow, especially Water Quality Systems and Technical Solutions and drive deeper disciplines into our Valves & Controls factories. Please turn to slide 15 labeled Q2 2016 Pentair outlook. For the second quarter, we expect core sales to decline approximately 3% and total sales to increase 4% inclusive of FX headwinds and a positive contribution from ERICO. On a core sales basis, we expect Water Quality Systems to grow approximately 5% as the segment enters its seasonally strongest period. Flow & Filtration Solutions' core sales are expected to be up modestly as the business continues to reposition itself and comparisons become easier. Technical Solutions is expected to have a core sales decline of roughly 3% as two projects in the Thermal Management business are completed and Enclosures faces another tough year-over-year comparison. Finally, Valves & Controls core sales are expected to decline approximately 13% as the project backlog remains weak and we remain cautious in the short term as to whether the Aftermarket business will accelerate after the slow start to the year. We are expecting segment income to increase approximately 5% and return on sales to be roughly flat at 16.5%. Below the operating income line, we continue to expect the tax rate to remain around 20.5%. Net interest and other to approximate $35 million and shares outstanding to be just over 182 million. Our second quarter adjusted EPS guidance is $1.08 to $1.11, which is an increase of approximately 2% year-over-year at the midpoint. We expect a seasonal ramp-up in free cash flow and further improvement in our working capital performance. Please turn to slide 16 labeled Full Year 2016 Pentair Outlook. We are maintaining our full-year adjusted EPS outlook of $4.05 to $4.25 with very few changes to our prior forecast. For the full year, we still expect total Pentair core sales to decline approximately 1%. Water Quality Systems full-year core sales are anticipated to be up approximately 5% as both its Aquatic and Environmental Systems and Water Filtration businesses are well positioned to continue driving the growth rates experienced the last several years. Flow & Filtration Solutions core sales are expected to be up approximately 2% for the full year, led by stabilization in Water Technologies and growth in both Fluid Solutions and Process Filtration. Technical Solutions is expected to see core sales decline roughly 2%, which is slightly better than our prior forecast, as the Thermal Management backlog has grown and we have seen stabilization in Enclosures daily order rates. Finally, Valves & Controls core sales are still expected to decline roughly 8% given our current view of orders for the full year. We expect segment income to grow roughly 9% and return on sales to expand approximately 90 basis points to 16.5% with three of our four segments delivering full-year margin expansion. We continue to anticipate full-year corporate cost to be just over $90 million, net interest and other roughly $140 million and the share count to be just over 182 million; all essentially in line with previous expectations. Adjusted EPS is expected to be up approximately 5% to midpoint of the range. Finally, we expect a strong year of free cash flow at approximately $750 million, which represents roughly 100% of our adjusted net income. Steve, can you please open the line for questions? Thank you.
John L. Stauch: Yes, Steve. Still obviously, processing, it's a very generic rule now. We've got to look into the specificity of all of it. But in the next several years or at least the longer term, for however long we have the debt in place, we don't see any impact to our overall tax rate. But clearly, the rules would challenge acquiring North American businesses and layering on new debt onto those businesses. So, we would have to take advantage of our operational synergies to get to those tax synergies that we would have. And, clearly, any acquisition in the future needs to strategically fit and be an operational synergistic acquisition, and then we would look to utilize our advantaged structure to still gain the cash fluidity and then, ultimately, advance the cash strategies on a more permanent basis.
John L. Stauch: I can answer that, Joe. I mean, very little. I think the word stabilization is really related to the fact that when we exited Q4, we saw double-digit declines in our North American Industrial space. And clearly, Q1 became a big quarter to see if that was going to continue or start to recover in. Clearly, we had achieved our expectation in Q1, but we also saw order rates on a daily basis start to, as we said, stabilize, which means becoming less worse and starting to improve on a day-to-day basis. A long way to what we'd say is a growth recovery but certainly gives us more confidence of the Enclosures business and also the North American Industrial hitting its expectations for the year. The tweaks to Technical Solutions are really around, we continue to build a project backlog in the Industrial Heat Trace business. We feel really good about that backlog. It is impacting margins slightly, but we ultimately feel that that project backlog will shift this year, and that was our tweak to the revenue numbers in Technical Solutions.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think Randy said it very eloquently in his script on last year's higher inventory rolling off this year. And to help you quantify that, let's think of somewhere around $25 million of cost that needs to roll into the first half of the year. And you can think about that split between Q1 and Q2. And if you think about that as last year's coming in and we've got our cost base now in line with what we're shipping and building, you kind of see the headwinds that we're factoring in Q1 and Q2 that are no longer there in Q3 and Q4. Plus, we see the acceleration of a lot of the head count actions and people-related cost-out actions come into the benefit to Q3 and Q4 as well. So, very little revenue expectations from a standpoint of anything beyond what's in the backlog and still assuming double-digit declines in aftermarket in Q2. And it's really about the actions we took last year and the timing of how those actions flow through between Q2, Q3 and Q4.
John L. Stauch: Steve, I think real quickly, I just add to what Randy said. I mean, I don't think we see or we'll be able to call the recovery this year. Which means, any growth we get will be our backlog plus modest expected growth in 2017. Given where we are in the base this year, we would expect to grow modestly next year, continue to work the cost actions that we need to, and then any long-term recovery or rapid recovery is definitely in our views beyond 2017.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. It's just Food and Beverage. I think what we've got is we've got a little bit of customers who have completed some consolidations and they're a little bit more lumpier in their execution of the projects and how their letting the capital flow through. And so, while we still have a very solid backlog, we're seeing a little bit of retiming of that backlog, which is impacting what quarter that ships.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I appreciate that, Shannon. I think what Randy and I are introducing, and what I took into the business and we tried to improve the discipline is there's known ways to think of project execution and working long-cycle businesses and project backlog. You start out with a shippable backlog, and then you get – you look at standard deviation and what's going to happen between being pushed out or pulled in? Customers are always going to retime you. But if you look at that over a period of time, it's always a percentage of the backlog. And what happens is people work deep in the business is they have a lot of hope in their forecast, that all, everything is going to be good and nothing bad is going to happen. And so, when you take a look at it at a high level, we just started to take out those stretches from the expectations and, really, build on the precision of what's going to get shipped out on a weekly basis. And I really think that muscle has now been developed and built within the team. And I'm very proud of what they've accomplished, as Randy mentioned. And, I think, we're going to be much more predictable as we go forward. So, that's what I would say...
John L. Stauch: So, we're a long way away from a perfect SIOP (40:51) process. But, I think, we're on our way to getting the expectations aligned and, therefore, not trying to have anticipated production against demand that's not needed.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. We're certainly looking out for that, but I think what's happening right now is dynamic. First of all, we've got the cutback of OpEx because it's a spend. But the downstream right now is where all the cash is being generated on for our customers' customers, and they're running them full out to bring cash into the organization. And so, a lot of the deferrals are still happening because we don't have the planned shutdowns we used to have. As Randy mentioned, you can only do that for so long and then ultimately you got to – you do the shutdown. Now, we haven't assumed any recovery in Q2 in that pattern, and we're thinking that that's more likely a Q3 event.
John L. Stauch: Well, I mean, what they need to do, our customers need to adjust to the fact that this may not recover soon. So, they have to adjust their own operating practices. So, I mean, it's not just the maintenance but the first thing you do when you have downturn like this is before you lay people off, you insource everything. You can't end up bringing maintenance in-house. And then when you start realizing that that's not as efficient as if I have a contractor do it, you end up then going out more aggressively. It's not a mystery. I mean, this is what we are expecting. So, we want to be in a position. That's one of the reasons why we want to focus more in Valves & Controls on the aftermarket value stream is so that we can be in a position to be that provider on valves because with the breadth of our product line, we – and with the service centers we have, we can be more aggressive as they make that next step and they haven't gotten to that next step yet.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, to put that in perspective right now, we have 29 factories in Valves & Controls, and we have announced the closure of maybe two to three, well it is three factories. I think we're focused right now on making sure that we've got good standard work and that we've got good documentation as Lean generally requires you to do, because moving these factories is not very easy. So, I don't think we're going to announce or discuss substantial factory reductions over the next several years. I think where the big opportunity is and where Dennis is focusing is, how do we improve the linearization within a quarter of how we're shipping, how do we reduce the inefficiencies, these are all great tools that, Lean brings that tool to the table. And I think as far as the distribution in the outside service centers, we have 43 independent service centers that aren't part of a current distribution center or a customer's factory. I think the customer is going to help define that for us over the next three to four years because it's moving in-house into their operations is where we see it going because eliminating that brick and mortar in between us and them seems to be where the industry is heading. So, I can't give you specifics, but I think there's opportunities in both of those areas. But I'd say on the factory side, I wouldn't expect very many closures in the next several years. I'd talked about optimization.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, I'll hit Valves first, we said we expected roughly 4 points of price for the year and that includes standard product which is not a lot of price and then margin compression coming from the project side and I would say that that's still the right forecast. I think we hoped that that would be a little bit conservative I think right now, that's playing out to be realistic. On the rest of the portfolio, very, very modest as far as what pricing we could get across the general portfolio, areas of two-step distribution we have normal price increases, we're seeing it. But for the most part, the low inflation on material, which are recognized as material productivity is leading to a more flattish pricing environment globally.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think you're seeing – in Q1, you see kind of by segment what the prices cause we break it out. And I think we expect that rate of price increases to be the – what we think for the rest of the year. But I think the inflation starts to become a little bit more on the raw material side as we move into Q3 and Q4. We're expecting some modest inflation the back half of the year, which then would lead to what does the pricing cycle look like for 2017.
John L. Stauch: So, I think we start to think the municipal ramp and all the contribution in the back half of the year. And so, we think we ramp our organic core growth as the year goes along and...
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think the break and fixes are starting to accelerate, and we're starting to see municipalities start to let some of those projects – and obviously not large ones, but we're seeing a market that's starting to grow 3% or 4% on a more sustained basis.
John L. Stauch: It's slightly negative. I mean we're putting a project in. We wait for the aftermarket to pick-up on the better margin rate.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. The only one of note would be the incentive accrual or the compensation accruals in Q1 are generally different this year as we look at the vesting periods of directors and officers and so you can kind of see that if you take a look at a full year of 90 and roughly 30 in Q1. The rest of the quarters looks a lot more like last year from a seasonality standpoint, a little bit of a benefit in Q2.
John L. Stauch: No. It's probably – yeah, it's roughly just less than $20 million on a quarterly basis and the $100 million is some was annual. So, we're down 20% from peak.
John L. Stauch: On the standard MRO side, it's not significant on a product versus a product basis. We are seeing a mix issue in the sense that the larger markets, North America and Europe, we're down substantially in the quarter and we saw some, the fast growth markets actually pick up on the Aftermarket side and the margins are slightly lower. But on a like-to-like product, roughly, around 1% to 1.5% is all we are seeing on the pricing at the moment.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, yeah, I think there's been some confusion about that. I think it was not a secret that we saw ourselves with our structure and with this really great business that we have in Valves & Controls. And in a fragmented industry like Valves & Controls, or in Flow in general, as a likely consolidator. And what I've said is right now, we're not focused on being a consolidator. We're focused on fixing what we got. So, our focus really is on continuing to get our margins back. And we believe, as I've mentioned in the prepared remarks, we believe we are on the road to do that. We'd like to see the first quarter be the natter, if you will, on return on sales for the business, and continue to execute, because the business has a lot of headroom. Even without revenue, as I've said, even without revenue recovery, I believe we can get back to teens. And we want to prove that.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah, Deane. Our dealers are the pool builders. They exited last year with a pretty good backlog of pools unbuilt. So they entered the year with a backlog of business to do, plus we have all the rebate programs and all the advanced equipment, the Eco Select line we have. So we really think it's – there's share gain, but it's generally market. There's not a lot of pre-buy. The early-buy program we had was not remarkable. And so a lot of this is not the big early-buy product but real – if you will, stocking to sell through or normal seasonal stocking to sell through. So we've had a lot of momentum in that business and we continue to invest in that business in sales and in new product development in order to keep the momentum going.
Randall J. Hogan: I think I'll get the number wrong. It's close to 30% right now. And it's not just the IntelliFlo – in fact, we have a new – the next versions of IntelliFlo are coming now. But there's new controls, there's new LED lighting, there's new heaters. There's really a complete new suite of product, all aimed at fitting that Eco Select sustainability mark. And as you – I think as you saw we just got the third ENERGY STAR award from the EPA which makes us a sustained sustainer. I don't think they call it. So, we feel really good about that business, and we got a lot more growth. And, as you know, that was the basis, it was our strength there, that was the basis of foundation of our aquaculture business, which is, again, just managing bodies of water.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I mean, it took us a while to find the right person for the reason that the business is facing some challenges and we needed someone who's up to it. I'm quite excited to have Dennis. Dennis from AlixPartners, I know AlixPartners has a reputation for transformations and restructuring. And he has some of that experience, but he also has some extraordinarily deep and successful experience doing value stream transformations in the oilfield services business. And he's deeply engaged in the energy field. So, as we – well, let me back up. He spent a lot of time getting to know the business and the programs that are in place, and he's totally onboard with them. And he'll tweak them, and he certainly has – as president, he has full right to do that. But, it's again, tweak to, tweak, it'll be tweaks to get us to the objectives we have. One area where he will be very focused is on these two value streams, Aftermarket and Projects and tuning, if you will, the business, so that we can really focus on the Aftermarket so that as it comes back, we can gain share there. I think, as we've said before, we really didn't differentiate the way we served Aftermarket versus Project. And by tuning the system, we believe that we can get growth in that market. And the fact that he's intimate with the industry is really, really beneficial and that he's done things like this before. As for John, he's back to being CFO full time and Dennis doesn't need his help anymore than, what he'll get with John as CFO.
Randall J. Hogan: The simple answer is everything they've announced has nothing to do with anyone who's already got the structure, and we already got the structure. That's point one. Point two is we have to figure out what it means for things we do in the future. But right now, we're not doing anything because we're focused on cash and earnings execution. But when we get back to doing acquisitions, we're going to have to look to see what the impact is in terms of what's called the debt pushdown strategy, what they called earnings stripping. We still – on whatever we do, we'll still have the opportunities to focus on operating synergies, as John said. And we still have the ability to move cash around freely which is an extraordinary advantage that doesn't get focused on as much in our tax structure versus our former tax structure.
Randall J. Hogan: No. What we said was that we – and it was an imprecise comment. It was actually an adlib off the script. We think there's a chance that project orders will bottom out in the second half this year which wouldn't give us growth until next year, second part of 2017 – so, maybe 18 months. Right now, we're not clairvoyant. But if we saw projects start to recover in the second half then ultimately it will give us growth about (36:16).
Randall J. Hogan: Particularly, Aftermarket has to come back. I mean, the fact that Aftermarket is down and short cycle. Basically, there's a continuum of ongoing maintenance. There's must do. There's good to do. And there's nice to do. And right now, they've taken a cleaver to all their spending and it's just bang, down 40% and so, they haven't really fully sorted it out, and to the OpEx too. Now, they got to get back to the must dos and the should dos but they don't have to get back to the nice to dos. So, that's what we want to be close to and help them as they sort out – now, they've insourced things they're going to figure out longer term that they probably should be outsourcing things. It's very fluid.
Randall J. Hogan: I'd add in complement to you John. If you will, the algorithms, there was not great coordination between the sales forecast, the operating forecast and the materials forecast and the finance forecast. They were not – as you said, there was assumptions. But I mean, John, really streamlined that, got people talking and we have higher quality forecasts now. And this is the second quarter. I mean, we hit the fourth quarter too.
Randall J. Hogan: No. No. We haven't turned positive yet. And so, what we're saying is, if we stay at the level we're at when we start lapping the second half, the comps will look better, But we're not – I would call bouncing along the bottom, maybe.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. Yeah. I think we are getting back to sort of more normal expectations. I think one of the learnings for everybody is that when the Energy business spends $1 trillion a year, and goes down to $600 million a year, the knock-on effect into many other industries is pretty profound. And that's really what's I think is the core driver of a lot of the – what we call Industrial, but sort of the second order effect of the cuts in the Energy business. And so, those are getting sorted out. I mean, people are adjusting to the new reality at this new level. And so, I think we'll see more seasonality. And, as John said, we're hopeful that there'll be an increase in the fourth quarter. We typically would see a bump in the fourth quarter in Industrial so.
Randall J. Hogan: Look. Yeah. Let me – aftermarket, short answer. It is aftermarket in standard product because you can't tell the difference particularly if it's sold in the U.S. it is heavy distribution. If you've got a standard keystone butterfly valve, and it's sitting in stock, if it's going in to a new installation or replacement, you can't tell the difference. But it's the same selling motion. So, to be precise, we put aftermarket and standard product together in the same selling motion because there's an urgency and an intimacy that you need with the customer in order to win. And we haven't had that clearer focus on it and that will help both the aftermarket, serviced valves and the standard replacement valves. Now when you get to engineered valve, it's closer to a project selling motion. So, we'll try to be more precise.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, it isn't always the CapEx, it's OpEx. The only difference between an operating expense dollar and a CapEx expense dollar is how the accounts treat it. And to me, it's money spent, and then different people control it. So you – I don't mean to be flip but the operating expenses to run a refinery, a petrochem plant, they're enormous. And a lot of it looks very much like – particularly in the standard valves side, it looks the same. So, I think a lot of people, including us, were surprised by how much the OpEx spending was impacted given that it was the CapEx that was intended to be cut, but it's a blunt weapon, and we all know all that from our own, when we have to crank down costs, it's cranking down costs. We don't differentiate when there's an urgency about it. And then we get better, right? We say we got to put more into the efficiency of the existing plants and we've already cut as many projects as we can. So – I don't mean to go down to, into the depths here but, that's all I got.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. We talked a lot about investing in products which we're doing both in Residential Filtration, a lot in Food Service, which is a really attractive business, and in the pool side. But in addition to that, we're making investments on the sales coverage side on our Residential Filtration business. We moved Residential Filtration to Karl Frykman and his Water Quality team about 18 months ago. And what we want to do is we want to replicate what we've done in Pool in the Residential Filtration business. We're the largest maker of product and components for water treatment and water filtration in the world for residential. We are the largest. But we don't have the same kind of customer intimacy that we see that we have in the pool business that has turned into such a sweet business for us. We believe that Residential might have the same potential for us. So what Karl and his team has done is they're replicating the kind of coverage, direct dealer coverage on the other side of distribution in order to drive brand and drive product adoption and get customer intimacy and getting voice of customer back to our product. So, a lot of the investments are actually on the sales side and that's global and we're doing it in the United States. We're doing it in Europe and Canada. Less so, it's a different kind of coverage investment in the emerging markets. But I'm quite excited about the early returns on that. I don't think it's really affected our numbers yet, but it's given us great insight and I'm expecting great things.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. One of the things we're seeing is, we've been more aggressive on the Enclosure side of going back after what we would call modified standard product and there's a little more pricing pressure in that and that's what we're really seeing there. Plus there isn't a lot of commodity inflation, so there's not really a lot of price being passed on on the standard size. So, we're not assuming we're going to bounce back to getting 1 to 2 points of price, but we don't think it's a systemic issue.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. I think the linearity of the cash flow, first of all, great Q1 and I think the linearity looks a lot like last year. The opportunity to do better than $750 million would be incremental working capital opportunities, and right now, although we're making progress, we're not confident enough yet to say that we're going to realize those in 2016. So, it is the opportunity and now we got to get after it and make it a realized benefit in 2016.
Randall J. Hogan: I'll grab it really quickly. I mean, first of all, we did see a recovery in China in Q1. It was nice to see. So, we saw a recapture of our normal sort of double-digit growth rates in the China space. Europe is stable, modest growth, single-digit core growth in Europe. And we had strong shipments in North America in the Water Quality side. So, overall, I think the developed region's doing well in that space as you would expect and then doing pretty well and seeing some recovery in China as we add new distributors, and we work on different distribution channels.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. I mean, Water Quality globally is a pretty good market. And it's up more in North America. It's up modest in Europe.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. It's pretty much just Tech Solutions. And we feel good about the first quarter, it's kicked off the year well, but we're still pointing at the same commitments we made. Second quarter, we're focused on right now.
Randall J. Hogan: Irrigation was a little worse. I would – I almost going call it like – I think we whiffed that one, I think – before we got the plans finalized, we came out with a 4% organic growth in Q1. If we take a look at 2% for the year, just put that one on me, I don't think we had ever an expectation to deliver 4%, but we apologized and we said it would be up 4%.
Randall J. Hogan: Actually, they built backlog. We had a good orders quarter. So, there's still – we have a lot of newer technologies that are being applied, but it's just in a sense lumpy in terms of when they get shipped.
Randall J. Hogan: I mean, we're a large supplier of subsystems for desalination projects and they, after the financial crisis, they kind of went all soft around the world. And they're getting let loose. We have some in Eastern Europe. We have some in the Middle East. And some on the industrial water reuse side, where everything is distressed, industrials don't vote, so they get curtailed on the water faster than anything and they're the ones that will be the early adopters of water reuse technologies which we have a number of different technologies applicable there. That's what we're talking about. And it's been a focus of ours. We've been trying to get more focus there. (1:04:41)
