John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, good visibility, first of all, Steve. I mean, the simplification of the organization is driving tremendous amount of opportunity to take incremental cost out. But if you think about it, we're going to – we're expecting to get $59 million or $60 million of material productivity against an inflation number of $45 million, $46 million. So, we're starting to be squeezed a little bit on the benefit and material productivity versus inflation. But we expect our net cost-out actions from the people cost minus any delta on inflation and/or compensation to yield us close to $45 million on a net basis.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. It's just that as we collected cash in the quarter, we trickled down the debt a little bit, Steve. And so, we expect to be maybe slightly lower in Q1, and then we'll see the significant benefits in Q2, Q3, and Q4.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I mean, just to cut through it, I think our core revenue, if you exclude the projects, is down about 0.6%. Let's round it to down 1%. That's generally where we were this year. And so, what Randy is saying is we don't see an improvement off of the run rates that we're at. I think we're as optimistic as anyone that we'll start to see some improvement in the industrial spending and also some return to normal spending on the downstream MRO activities. But right now, our forecast does not assume any of that.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think one of the things that we wanted to do in Water is we want to make sure that we can rise up and invest appropriately across the entire water space. And when you subdivide into segments, you lose that ability to generate the cash and deploy the cash back to the best growth opportunities. And there are good growth opportunities in the old Flow & Filtration space. At the same time, there is margin needs and the need to get the complexity out of it, as Randy said, the pump side of the business where there has been significant competition globally in that space. So, when we take a look at these margins – and when we get to Analyst Day, we'll certainly give you guys direction in where we are. But the real opportunity here is to say how do we disproportionally invest in the longer term. So, these are all high margin businesses with Aquatics being the highest margin and Flow being the lowest margin. But I think, ultimately, we think that they're all – got 20%-plus margin potential, Steve. On the pricing side, we're getting a little bit more price and we expect to because of commodity inflation that we're seeing. And so, where we have the distribution-related businesses, we're seeing that work its way into somewhere around the 1% range. And then where we're in projects, where we're against global competition because of the challenges of the currency, we're not getting any price. And we're obviously taking a look at those jobs and making sure that we understand the currency impact in competing on that basis.
John L. Stauch: (28:36) of total restructuring cost is the estimate and that would have been spanned over the last Q3, Q4 and into Q1 of 2017.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, good question. I think when you take a look at the roughly $90 million to $100 million of job impact that we're expecting in Technical Solutions, which is now Electrical, that's all in Thermal. And in fact, we were actually up slightly in 2016 revenue versus 2015, and 2015 and 2014 were flat. So, we've run historically roughly this $100 million to $125 million through the pipeline of always having larger jobs. With what has happened in the global oil and gas investment space, that landscape is clearly changing, and I'll let Randy talk to that.
John L. Stauch: Well, yeah, I mean, we're looking at the same general margin expansions of both the businesses of low hundreds of basis points expansion. I think we get there in two different ways. I mean, we have a little bit more growth contribution in the Water side. And in the Electrical side, we have the benefit, as Randy mentioned, between not having the margin squeeze of the projects and we also have a fair amount of cost take-out planned relative to the volume rightsizing. I mean, as we go forward, I mean, clearly, the biggest margin opportunity is going to be in the Water side, certainly in the focused areas that Randy mentioned earlier. And we're going to see the growth contribution in the Electrical as the markets begin to recover, generate some substantial drop-through as they're higher margin businesses already.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think first of all, just introducing some modest buyback is important to us. I mean, taking care of the creep and also just making sure that we're consistently doing that on a basis. So, we're talking about $100 million, it's a modest amount. And as far as paying the debt down, we expect that we'll bring the debt levels down. We have strong cash flow generation that can fund bolt-on acquisitions. And if we need to borrow a little bit more, we got plenty of capacity to borrow under all of our current capacity lines to fund the bolt-on or tuck-in acquisition path that we expect to embark upon.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. Good question, Mike. I mean, I think we are focused on the stranded cost in the beginning. But we're really looking at is enterprise-wide reduction. So, how do we get best optimal finance cost across the entire organization? How do we get the best HR cost across the organization? So, what we've done is taken a look, as Randy mentioned, and functionalized the G&A aspects to the corporate executives and we've driven about a 10% expectation reduction off of those. And happy to say that we've made good progress against those, and embarrassed to say it was easy. But, I think we were doing a lot of costs to support the Valves & Controls organization, the global nature. And post-Valves & Controls, we have a much simpler organization to support. So, there's a huge opportunity there. Other things, we're moving 52 selling teams to 6. Obviously, some big opportunity from a structure standpoint there. So, we didn't have, at the SBG level, the selling organization. Those exist today. And so, a ton of opportunities especially after – in the non-scaled regions in the fast growth areas, same with marketing, same with technology, same with all of those structures. So, that gives you a little bit of an insight to, as Randy mentioned, the simplification of the organization structure. But more importantly, the accountability of the organization structure and the ability for us to have visibility to who's performing, who's not, and then how to partner with them to achieve it.
John L. Stauch: I think in our original thought process, in the framework, we did see and expect a little uptick in some of the core markets. And in this particular guidance range, we're assuming that those don't occur. Now, we're hopeful like everybody else that they will. But right now, in this guidance framework, we're not assuming that they do.
John L. Stauch: Scott, I mean, candidly, I will share with you that a big piece of what we're trying to figure out on a longer-term basis is the impact of a stronger dollar globally and the global competition and how that affects our growth views. And then there's a lot of global change that has occurred in the last three months, a new presidential administration, there's some emerging tax strategies there but none of that has been identified, none of that has been decided. So, what is the impact on that going to be to industrial investment? And also what's going to happen in Europe and are there going to counterviews (40:53) to any decisions that our administration makes. So, we see a lot of uncertainty, from an investment standpoint, in the first half of the year that I don't think we have the ability to call. So, what we're forecasting is what happened in Q4 continue to exist until there is some type of change.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, the projects themselves didn't yield very much return, right? So, they're usually quoted on a more of a gross margin rate that's normally equal to a segment income or operating margin rate. And we did have some overruns in some of those jobs that forced those down as we took you through in Q3 and Q4. So, the price is a big factor as you got about 1% price increase helps that drop-through quite a bit.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I would say we think that there is an opportunity somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million range regarding that.
John L. Stauch: No. But clearly, as the interest rate rises, it does make the costs lower for Pentair. So, obviously, looking at that every day, but we have not given guidance on what that impact is yet.
John L. Stauch: I think we always intended to, A, reduce the debt. And then, B, was to re-establish a more normal recurring buyback which is what I said was $100 million. And then we believe we're going to have a rich pipeline of opportunities which we call tuck-in or bolt-ons, which tend to be the smaller, much more strategic and highly-accretive opportunities.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. Just a couple of clarifications, we showed $60 million of net productivity. So, think of that as $15 million of net material and $45 million of net labor. And we do have labor inflation globally and that's the difference between the numbers we previously talked about, and these are net numbers versus gross numbers. And the other was gross, right.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah, of course, we will. And what we see is more coherent strategy, particularly on much, much better coordination on the technology side between, say, the Residential Filtration all the way through to the process industry. I mean, these are technologies that can be applied and much more seamlessly and we can flow resources to the best growth opportunities. So, yeah, we will have separate targets. And for example in Water Technologies, it's still a margin. We can improve margin there. That's the focus there. And on the Filtration side, it's driving growth like we already have good margins, we want to drive growth like we're getting in Aquatics.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, a lot of the costs we're taking out – we have operating people at corporate in three segments. It's basically that the cost and the productivity that John talked about earlier, that's the real benefit of it. And we're taking out structure which we believe is going to improve our focus and our ability to execute.
Randall J. Hogan: They surely saw an acute softness in October and it recovered. But we don't know whether we saw that in three separate businesses that were unrelated to each other. So, we think it was more channel softness that then firmed up again and there's more optimism now. So, yeah, we didn't expect – and we're back to where we thought we'd be.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. I mean, we're excited to win those jobs even as the energy markets turn down. They had a longer tail now. And now that they've gone down, there just aren't a lot of those large projects in hostile environment. It's basically cold environments, it's where the thermal big projects are. And there aren't as many developments there. So, we're not focused there. We're focused on making sure we get all of the MRO in Thermal we can and focusing on that more profitable. That was one of the challenges on our margins in Technical Solutions, those project margins versus MRO. And we are more focused on driving the MRO.
Randall J. Hogan: So, while the top line gets affected by the lack of projects, we don't think the bottom line is as affected.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, actually, Electrical, we expect margins to snap back. They took a – they went backwards in 2016 versus where they've been. So, (32:32).
Randall J. Hogan: Well, we've actually been working on the move for a while, trying to find the right person who had experience and capability in marketing and had actually done it in industrial. So, John has worked in a number of companies including Honeywell and Kennametal and his track record is very, very helpful. So, he's going to work with our two Presidents, Beth and Karl, and me, to make sure that we have deployed people in the right place and that we are driving stronger execution on the marketing programs of the company.
Randall J. Hogan: If you look at the waterfall that John showed, you don't see a lot of lift from growth and that's where we'd expect higher execution in sales and any recovery of market would read out.
Randall J. Hogan: It's all speculation now. We're keenly watching and listening. We have plants all over the world. So, we're cautious and prepared to react whichever way it goes.
Randall J. Hogan: And we'll lever up to do the ones that are prudent and create shareholder value. But we don't want the money sitting around on our balance sheet. We're waiting on that.
Randall J. Hogan: I think eventually, it probably will help the oil sands be more competitive, eventually when completed.
Randall J. Hogan: Chris, we did it then so we could have a focused leadership over the different parts. We were more complex when we picked up three businesses, when we did Flow Control. And we just felt like it would get more focused leadership that way. What we've found as we simplified, right, and selling Valves, a (50:01) big a piece of the business, as we looked at simplifying the organization – I think we said it was like $27 million of stranded costs, we said there's really more we can do and there's ways we can streamline. And also as we looked at growth and we looked at where resources were in Water, we really felt that we want to remove the barriers, organizational barriers so that we could flow – John mentioned earlier all the different sales forces. We're overstaffed in some sales forces, understaffed in others. We need to be able to make the organization more facile in moving those investments around. So, that essentially is the new thought.
Randall J. Hogan: We've made progress on margins there and some of our best growth talent was on the other side. So, we've made it easier to move folks.
Randall J. Hogan: Okay. Thank you very much, and thanks for all of your questions and your attention over the last hour. We believe our move to two segments better positions us for more predictable long-term organic growth while also improving the cost structure of the organization post Valves & Controls. We look forward to completing the sale of Valves & Controls by the end of this quarter, at which point, we'll be able to significantly strengthen our balance sheet. We will see an improvement in EPS from lower interest expense. But just as important, we'll be able to get back to our disciplined capital allocation strategy focused on bolt-on acquisitions and stock buyback. Thank you for your continued interest in Pentair. Good day.
