Bob P. Fishman: Yeah, we expect pool will have another strong year after growing 17% two years ago and 14% [ph] last year. We expect significant growth again from pool. We want to be realistic in our guidance and not get ahead of ourselves. COVID continues to be a challenge, but we do expect a strong full year led by price.
Bob P. Fishman: The best way to think about it is the growth guidance that we gave is primarily price. So price is a significant impact to our overall revenue growth. A little bit of acquisitions, but primarily price.
Bob P. Fishman: Yes. I mean, I think it's prudent to enter 2022, still optimistic and excited about the contributions that we're making, especially in water treatment, residential integration flow, and pool across the residential channel. And I think if we were thinking about the first half versus second half, we think we had volume price and acquisition contribution in the first half. And I think we have a little bit of volume moderating as far as the thoughts around the new housing builds and/or the way the channel reacts to those expectations for 2023. So while we still feel really good about where these markets are going, I think it's prelim at this stage to assume that we'll see a little bit of moderating in the back half of the year as it relates to people taking stock on the 2023 build season.
Bob P. Fishman: That's -- that part is what's encouraging about our guidance as we see growth throughout the year, even as we bump up against those tougher comparisons in Q3 and Q4. Obviously, it helps having the stronger price that's built in and the price reading out fully in the second quarter. But overall, pretty good balance. We mentioned that there'd be 50% of our EPS in the first half of the year and the remaining 50% in the back half. That's more in line with historical norms. John touched on the fact that we've given realistic guidance, that we've not gotten ahead of ourselves on volume for the back half. But hopefully, we'll be pleasantly surprised there with the positive trends that we talked about in our prepared remarks. So our view is that we'll have a very strong and balanced 2022, then we will enter 2023 with lots of momentum around demand and also the transformation.
Bob P. Fishman: Yes. It's being run as -- the unit itself has been run the same way in the past, and then we're score keeping the IFT related revenue in IFT and the pool related revenue in Consumer Solutions.
Bob P. Fishman: Let me take that one. It was important for us to indicate that 50% of our EPS would come in the first half in line with historical norms. We have strong headlights into the second quarter, primarily because of the repricing of the backlog. We will have that benefit in the second quarter more fully. So the improvement in the second quarter is driven by price. Our view is that inflation will continue to be high, but we'll get better in the second half of the year. So we've not gotten ahead of ourselves with regards to inflation. So good headlights into our Q1 and Q2. January, for us, was to be honest, a little bit slower because of the COVID-19 impact on our suppliers and on our own production facilities. So good news is we've seen improvements in the last week or so, and we're wrapping up to achieve our commitment. But we did see a slower start in January, and that's one of the reasons why we've been able to then have better headlights into the second quarter.
John L. Stauch: So to answer the question, overall for Pentair, the guidance that we've given has the ROS expanding to 19% from the 18.2% that we finished 2021 with. So up 80 basis points after being up 100 basis points and very much in line with what we discussed at our Analyst Day earlier in 2021. We would be disappointed if Consumer Solutions did not expand its ROS for 2022 and certainly we see continued momentum with -- from IFT. So again, helped by price/cost favorability for the year and the transformation activities, but both of the segments will expand margins.
John L. Stauch: A little bit of the build is acquisition related around Pleatco and KBI. The rest is us setting ourselves up for the higher demand in 2022. Overall, days on hand very much in line with what we've seen historically.
John L. Stauch: We've given guidance for Consumer Solutions of mid-to-high single-digits. So you can extrapolate from that what you're saying full might be. And I would say that water treatment will continue to have another good year, but we've given guidance at the Consumer Solutions level.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I mean, we grew that business roughly 20% last year, and we would think that we can continue to grow spend as we look into 2022 and beyond. Clearly, all of those initiatives are creating an opportunity for us to participate in quotes and activity. And we're really encouraged about what the potential front log and backlog could look like in this business.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I think we've made tremendous progress, and I want to compliment the team. I mean you know this business well, Mike. I mean these are 100-year-old brands or 100-year plus brands, right? So there's a lot of SKUs and a lot of part numbers, and they've been doing a really good job of reducing and trying to aggregate into more common buys and more common part numbers and products. So I'm excited about where we have progressed from to. But that being said, there's still so much substantial opportunity in front of us, just the way that we think about our global supply chains, think about the way that we bring a product through distribution. And I'm really excited about the momentum, but I'm more excited about the opportunity.
John L. Stauch: I'll start and I'll have Bob chip in. I mean, I'm actually proud of the fact that we made sequential progress every year or every quarter within 2021, which means we expanded our capability and processes. So we still got the same global supply shortages that everybody else is dealing with. And we're still balancing around the freight disruptions and needs about getting the product to the right locations at the right time. And I think the team has done a great job of moving through all that. As we started 2022, COVID reared its ugly head again in the form of Omicron, and we saw some fee and rates increase in our factories for the first time in a very long time, but we also saw those same increases across the entire global supply chain. And so I think as we think about it getting better, which it is better now, we still have to think that we're not through this, and we need to be cautious and realistic about what Q1 could look like.
John L. Stauch: Yes. So, we are spending one of our top transformation initiatives is sourcing. And like many other companies, our global sourcing, just the whole entire supply chain is from 10 to 15 years ago. And you can see that there's been more of a demand in the United States with more onshoring. And we've got to make sure that our supply chain is related to the lead times that we need for our customers and is optimized, which is not just a cost issue, but it's a total landed and total end-to-end cost as well as making sure it has the right availability. So you can measure through our less expansion, and you can assume that as far as our transformation initiatives over the next several years, we believe sourcing is a significant contributor to that expansion.
John L. Stauch: And the only thing I'll add to Bob's comments because I think he answered that very well is Q2 is historically our strongest quarter. And we think 2022, that is how it will play out again.
John L. Stauch: The expansion in margin from the 18.2 [ph] that we did in 2021 to 19 will be primarily us being ahead from a price cost perspective. So overall, we feel very confident that price will exceed inflation for the year, that will help expand margins. And then the transformation, we talked about pricing opportunities, sourcing, operations, and then organizational efficiencies that we would drive. 2021 was very much a planning year for transformation, we're moving into the execution phase in 2022, and that's going to significantly help our ROS expansion as well.
John L. Stauch: Pleatco is performing very well. It was included in our -- for a couple of months in our Q4 results. Very strong aftermarket business, great cultural fit with our full business, and very much in line with the numbers that you talked about. So for us, just a great strategic acquisition and performing very well.
John L. Stauch: Really, we talked about -- you are right in terms of the two third, one third split, and we talked about the filtration business fitting nicely with our IFT portfolio in terms of that one third. So really, not operating it much differently than how Pleatco ran it. They have a separate manufacturing facility in Louisville, both factories are running well. And again, they benefit from having -- being part of our consumer solutions portfolio and also our IFT. So really no significant difference from how that business was run in the past.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I mean, there was a modest early buy to what we'd call the non-warm weather states Deane, but it was managed very, very modestly in the extent that we're just positioning them to have the inventory they need for their particular business when it ramps up in Q2. And obviously, not running the program was really more about that we're still in catch-up mode from backlog, and it made little sense to put more backlog on top of existing backlog. So I think as we head into next year, we're planning that we'll have some level of that as we take stock at the way the channel may or may not need to position itself for 2023.
John L. Stauch: Yes. As Bob was saying, I mean, the channel has historically and we think it played out exactly this way in 2021 as well, puts their energy towards the new pools and then begins when that starts to moderate moves to the remodel pools and then get serious about the aftermarket upgrade opportunity. So it's generally worked in those three tiers. That's why we're excited that as it moderates the new pool builds, we get that focus again on getting those variable speed pumps, the LED, the more autonomous pools back into either the remodeled pool or the aftermarket upgrade side to the service channel. So this is a great industry. It's a great set of products and we want to come back to what I'd call a more normalized pattern, which gives us that better predictability to manage our supply chain more efficiently.
John L. Stauch: No, it didn't. I mean it was a significant contributor to the 40-ish percent growth that pool had but we saw the new pool increase if you think of that 20% and you think about what size that was up, it would probably be like half and half contribution from each of those two quadrants. But Steve, I was also saying, though, there's an aftermarket and there's the remodel, right. So the remodel piece is the best opportunity to talk to the homeowner around the upgrades because you're replastering the pool or you're doing some other types of things that allow you to add more penetration. And then the third element is really more of the service and/or the break and fix piece. And we think there's an opportunity to upgrade the channel in the break and fix that was kind of not focused on in 2021. And that's where we think the upside is on the aftermarket side.
John L. Stauch: We're not down, Steve. I mean, because we see a pretty strong Q1, Q2, and then we feel like we've got the price in the back half of the year. And right now, we're being cautious about where the dealers and distributors, but we repositioning their inventory levels as they look into 2023. And I think what's captured in this particular guide is the most realistic case of assuming that there will be some type of pause as they reset and look forward to what they're going to do in 2023. And I think it is very important that we don't get ahead of ourselves and anticipate that growth continues, and then we're here talking at the end of the year about adjustments in the channel in Q3 and Q4.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I don't think that's a bad way to think about it. I think we believe, we see the thrusts to the new pools being finished, right. And there's still going to be -- we think new pool demand continues to increase. As we head into 2023 we think the market will continue to reposition the labor to serve the remodel side and then we'll move into the aftermarket side of the equation. And then Steve, not to really confuse you, but I think we see product lines like heaters moderate, which has been a huge product line growth play for us, right. As people moved into those stage and extended their season there was a big heater penetration. And then we think things more on the autonomous -- the automation, chlorinators, those types of things start to see more penetration and accelerating and those two things start to offset each other.
John L. Stauch: We are focused on list. So what Bob is sharing with you is list price increases. And ultimately, we care most about realized prices, right. So we don't want to just raise list pricing and then negotiate it away. So we believe that we're in -- what we're sharing with you today is our realistic view of what we're going to realize in 2022.
John L. Stauch: No, I think we think that, that continues to be the heartbeat of the pool pad. It is where people are -- you need that product to run your pool and there's been a significant interest level as upgrading. And even in within 2022, we're launching a new version of that, which is even smarter than the current version, and we think we'll continue to see the interest level there from the trade channel and the consumers. 
John L. Stauch: It lasts longer, it's better. And it's ultimately chosen because of its variable speed and the energy efficiency, but it's just a better overall product.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I mean the pool season plays out through Q3. So it starts in Q4 and it goes up to Q3 of 2022 as an example. And we feel like we've got really good visibility and we partnered really well on that particular part. There's the dynamics of how they do against the volume discounts and rebates that go into that Q3 buy. And then we start all over again in Q4 of 2023. And we're not signaling anything other than we have great visibility this year, and we're pausing as we think about working with the channel to see what they see for 2023. What gets confusing is, it's the same dealers who do the news, it's the same dealers that do the remodel, and most of those same dealers also do service. So it's where they spend and focus their time that we're always working with them. So we see their visibility thereby, but we want to be a little bit more surgical on where they're spending the time and then give them the tools and capability to begin to work with consumers on getting those upgrades on the aftermarket pads.
John L. Stauch: Well, we've seen it this year. I mean it's not just the labor, it's also the supply ability of all the products that go into the pool around the pool, right. And it's getting better. I think the supply chain is better, so it's probably taking a little less time to build those pools. But that's delayed the remodel efforts, which has then delayed some of the aftermarket efforts. So I think this is going to be a great pool season and I think we're going to continue to see the sustained demand into 2023. I just think right now, we're making sure that we call 2022 pool season accurately. And then we'll deal with 2023 when we're done with 2022.
John L. Stauch: Thanks, Stephanie and thank you for joining us today. We have delivered on commitments in 2021 whether measured by sales, income, EPS, cash flow, or ROIC. The good news is we believe there's still significantly more value to deliver at Pentair. It is becoming a pure-play sustainability-focused company in 2018. We have been building a track record of consistent growth, while also driving our commitment to creating long-term shareholder value. We are proud of our pool business, but Pentair is more than just a pool equipment provider. Our water treatment, Flow and Industrial Solutions offerings are all proving to be sustained value contributors within our portfolio. When we combine our growth momentum with our transformation efforts and our balance sheet, I'm excited about the future value creation opportunities for our shareholders. Stephanie, you can conclude the call.
