John Stauch: Thank you, Randy. Please turn to Slide number 9, titled balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the third quarter to balance sheet in the solid position. Our ending debt balance is $1.5 billion, which does not include just over $100 million of cash on hand at the end of quarter. Our free cash flow generation remains strong and was just under $200 million for the quarter and $375 million year-to-date. With a slow start to the year, due to tough comparisons, but we continue to make good progress on cash flow and remain on track to generate free cash flow equal to adjusted net income for the full-year. Our ROIC continued to improve and we ended the quarter at 11.5%. Please turn to Slide 10, title Q4 2017 Pentair outlook. We are introducing fourth quarter adjusted EPS guidance of approximately $0.93 per share, which is almost a 20% increase year-over-year. We expect the adjusted core sales to grow approximately 2% and both segments are expected to grow at this rate. This marks increased momentum from the growth rates last quarter and we believe better represents the growth trajectory of both businesses, which still have not fully recovered. We anticipate segment income to increase just over 10% and return on sales to increase roughly 80 basis points and likely exceed 18%. We expect the tax rate to be 20%, net interest expense of $14 million and the share count to be around $184 million. Free cash flow should end the year strong once again. Please turn to Slide 11, label full-year 2017 Pentair outlook. We continue to expect adjusted core sales to grow 2% for the year with both segments close to that growth rate. We have seen continued improvement in our base business as we projected for the year and many of the tough comparisons we face throughout 2017 should finally be behind us as we exit the year. We expect segment income to increase roughly 7%, return on sales to expand north of 80 basis points to 18% or better, and adjusted EPS to be up over 15% for the full-year. We continue to target free cash flow to be 100% of adjusted net income. As I stated previously, we expect seasonal fourth quarter free cash flow strength. As we exit 2017, both of our businesses are not only demonstrating strengthening topline trends, but we continue to have some carryover of cost savings and lower interest expense in the 2018. We have one more quarter to deliver for 2017, but we feel better about the momentum we are building exiting the year. I would now like to turn the call over to the operator for Q&A, after which Randy will have a few closing remarks. Please open the line for questions. Thank you.
John Stauch: And Jeff on the Water side, we've been hampered by the fact that we had a fairly depleted backlog in our infrastructure pumps and we've been building that backlog. And on a quarterly basis those businesses, the infrastructure pumps are getting better sequentially, and therefore, the year-over-year impact is less. On the Process side and in Filtration, we did have some projects last year as we called it out and once again if you look at the business on the quarterly rate, Q2 versus Q3, Q3 versus Q4, the business is improving and the year-over-year comparisons are easing. And so the business overall is getting healthier and the year-over-year comparisons are easier and that's why we think the organic growth rate begins to accelerate as we head into next year.
John Stauch: Yes. We'll be talking more in detail on that certainly in our analyst meeting in February, but we do think we - both part of the reason for the spin is so that both companies can look at their own capital allocation strategies. I think both are going to focus on bolt-on M&A and using the capital in discipline way primarily because both have great organic growth opportunities.
John Stauch: Yes. So Steve just to clarify, inflation for Pentair is running about 2% of cost and that's been pretty steady throughout the year. So when we talk about price cost, the inflation came out of the gate pretty strong, but has been right around that level. It's been the pricing that's been challenged primarily on the Electrical side, the ability to gain the price that we expected as we end the year. It hit what we think is a low point in Q3 and we believe that we're going to start to see increased pricing in Q4 and throughout 2018. On the Water side, we've been right around 50 basis points of price throughout the year, Steve, so we've been able to recover some of that and that's why it's been really isolated to an Electrical explanation.
John Stauch: Steve, I would just add to that. I think as we've discussed, certainly, we've started to talk about. I think both companies are going to think about simplifying their portfolios, focusing their portfolios, and I think you're going to see capital allocation going to where each company's swindling is identified and making sure that that's clear externally and internally and then our customers understand why they're coming to us to buy our products and we're giving them more what they need.
John Stauch: Yes. That's just where we are in the year-over-year basis, Steve, and that's a fair observation, but we have a seasonal type of pricing plan and that starts generally now as we look at some of our businesses. And so it's really - you'll see that start to get better as we head into 2018.
John Stauch: I mean obviously the revenue number externally hit the expectations. So we did have in the slides last quarter, we had some foreign exchange benefit and what we called core. When you take a look at the absolute numbers of both Electrical and Water both achieved their expectations for the quarter and both are on their expectations for the full-year for a revenue standpoint. So things are trending exactly as expected. Despite having to navigate as Randy mentioned the hurricanes and two relatively important states, so I think we feel good about where we are both and in Q3 and heading into Q4.
John Stauch: One of the capabilities that we've built in Pentair has been a focus on cash flow and managing for cash, because cash is what the bills and we have a solid track record and we have in sent people. It's part of the incentives. So I'm quite confident in our cash flow forecast.
John Stauch: Sure. I mean, I think first of all, I mean I think we've given the data there, but let me just make sure it's clear. When you think about these large jobs and just as a reminder, these are jobs that we shipped in 2016 that have no shipments in them for 2017, right. So everything is behind us, we have not been producing on these large jobs, but it is a year-over-year headwind and that's why 2018 is so longer an issue. But those large jobs roughly in Q3 were $31 million as we highlight. And if you break that down, it's about $25 million-ish in Electrical and the remainder is in Water.
John Stauch: Yes. So if you take a look at where we are on a cost out basis, we've hinted strongly and we had that slide before that we're on a run rate greater than $100 million. And so when you think about where we are here in Q3, we're getting a full quarter benefit of that. And so a lot of cost out here Scott and all relative to the fact that when we sold Valves & Controls, we needed to resize the organizations for what is now a $5 billion company and both of them are also focusing on a $3 billion and $2 billion company. So there has been a lot of effort and work and the change have really done a really nice job getting after the cost side. So significant productivity there and thinking of that is at least $25 million in the quarter.
John Stauch: Sure. I'll give you directionally where they are, but we thought we would see strengthening Electrical orders and throughout the year and we have been seeing that pretty steady Q2, Q3. And it actually improved in Q3 even versus Q2 on a daily order rate basis. So we're seeing recovery, I mean some of that's probably related to some of the oil and gas recovery we're seeing down setting.
John Stauch: Stabilizing and then I think that continues to be a driver as well as Industrial volumes, Scott. On the Water side, really had healthy residential commercial throughout the year and I think people have thought that that would slow. We have not seen slowing in that space. And we're seeing recovering on the industrial wastewater side and also the Industrial investments. So right now I think exiting Q3 and Q4, things are strengthening pretty much across the board.
John Stauch: Yes. Right now, Steve, I'd say each are going to be roughly around that 100% of adjusted net income, which as you know adds back amortization. So they're both strong cash flow generators. The only difference is the seasonality and Water will have a more of a dip in Q1 as we have our Residential loads and we collect those in Q2. And Electrical is lot more linear in its producing of its cash flow throughout the year, but on an annual basis, both are strong cash flow generators and both about 100%.
John Stauch: Yes. So Q4 is about $8 million of 2016 shipments that are still in the year-over-year comparisons. So significantly down from the 25-ish that we had in Q3. So the year-over-year headwinds are dissipating. And as far as quoting activity in Thermal, it's accelerating and backlog building is accelerating.
John Stauch: Yes. So we don't really forecast what we don't know, but I think both businesses will be looking at opportunities to prioritize their portfolios and to simplify the portfolio as we head into next year. And I think over Q4 and Q1 there could still be a little bit left in the tank.
John Stauch: No, I think what they are a seasonal price increases that go on standard cycles and it's really hard to get the off cycle through. I think there's a natural cycle that gets followed and I think we're expecting that price next year is better than it was this year, but you got to be moving with the system. And I think it was hard to move incrementally against that system throughout the year.
Randy Hogan: Let me talk about Thermal and I'll let - you can talk about processes. So Thermal is really is - I think it's a real bright spot in performance. You just can't see it because of the oil sand projects, which aren't occurring this year. The business has totally repositioned itself, redeployed just focused on the smaller projects, which are frankly more profitable and they're numerous, and on the product sales, and on the servicing the installed base. So we're very active in building the balance sheet - I mean building the backlog, and as we mentioned in the script, margins are up despite the decline in revenue overall, so I am really pleased with Thermal's progress, I think you'll see next year and I'm not going to put out a specific forecast. But I expect to see growth from that next year from the work they're doing in Thermal.
Randy Hogan: Well, we want to go through the full strategy in detail with both Beth and John, and that's what we're talking about the February 13th session that we're planning; I guess we're announcing today that we want to do that, so that we can really describe the companies in their own right. But both have top of comparison margins, both have really strong cash flow. And one of the reasons we're splitting the Company as we were fighting the oil and gas downturn in Valves & Controls, these businesses - these businesses weren't funded the way they need to be. And I think this year is beginning to show that that focus is going to make a difference and it's going to make any bigger difference when they're separate because they're - we intend them to deploy that cash flow both in M&A, but also to be consistent with Pentair's legacy of dividends and having a sound balance sheet. And that's what's guiding us right now.
Randy Hogan: No, I mean in both of those instances Deane, we have a total forecast booking in diesel of zero in 2017 from a standpoint of major projects. Last year we had roughly $20 million of revenue into a diesel projects. So it's just that there's not a lot going on there. If you look at the industrial wastewater side of membranes that's up double-digit and continuing to improve significantly throughout the year. So we're doing well on what we call the core revenue opportunities and we're not counting on these projects and we don't want to be a project-oriented business. On a food and beverage side, it's just the capital investment is very lumpy right now, due to some consolidation in the space and we're continuing to improve again sequentially throughout the year. It just the year-over-year headwinds reflect, strength in those projects last year.
Randy Hogan: Yes, so Residential and Commercial for China is primarily - there's a little bit in Thermal as well in Electrical. But we're up in the high-teens, year-over-year basis, so performing well. I still we think we have opportunities there that we need to capture by being a little bit more local in the way we go to market. Europe is actually up slightly and so it's hanging in there, despite our forecast of that being more challenged. It's actually done better and obviously the United States is strong here as we finish the year.
Randy Hogan: No, it's what it is. I mean if - you said, do we think we're slam dunking a 100% this year, no. I mean there's probably some margin of error to that and that margin of error would be driven by the fact that both sides are also looking at how we optimize the portfolios and what restructuring we're doing and the number that we're giving you includes the restructuring headwinds or restructuring cash headwinds as well. So we want to knew both we want to delivered the strong free cash flow, which we think comes from working capital, but we also want to set both companies up for a really successful spend.
Randy Hogan: Well, John mentioned earlier that we're taking the opportunity to really look at the whole portfolio and simplifying streamlining and prioritizing, and by prioritizing I mean what are we going to double down in nVest and that's going to leave things on the other end of the spectrum. And so we'll take a look at those and we'd like to do that earlier rather than later in this process. So that we can have the new companies are focused on growth. So I would say we're not done with that, but it is a priority to accomplish.
Randy Hogan: Well, I can't give a specific number, but I think the focus, certainly my focus on the crisis we're having on Valves & Controls because of energy, reduced the amount of focus we had on driving organic growth. And so some of the sales and marketing investments that were still made just didn't payoff. They didn't payoff. And that's part of the simplification and redirection we want to make right now in both Water and in Electrical. So there were investments going on. Now we are also holding those businesses accountable to make their numbers. So they probably didn't put all the investment than they would have wanted to. If we had the kind of performance we've had over most of my 17 years, which is pointing at the bleachers and then hitting it towards that. I wouldn't point to any specific thing that was in both Water and Electrical and it was one of the things that we considered as a board that told us that we - these businesses are going to perform even better separate than they will together.
Randy Hogan: One of our objectives and John just talked about; we've taken more than $100 million in cost out. But what we've taken out is structure. As we've collapsed, we've collapsed segment and corporate into - there's only two corporates now. We are actually investing in marketing. We've put in Chief Growth Officers. We put it in Water. We're putting one in Electrical. We've high graded our assignments in marketing and we're investing in a number of places. One of the reasons in fact in Water that we're doing well in Residential Filtration is we've been investing in sales resources there for probably last two years I'd say. So I'd say we've begun, but there's more to do.
Randy Hogan: I think it's a business that generally lags by about six months. So that's why we've been confident it would build. And the other piece of it is there's two parts of Enclosures, part of it is Electronics, and part of it is Industrial. So the Industrial growth is about what you think it would be which are more than twice the overall Enclosures, but we do have the drag of some large telecom projects. I don't want to use that very well pressure and telecom business that has nothing growing this year.
Randy Hogan: Yes, I mean I would contend that we're seeing slowing, but we're still seeing mid single-digit type of projections versus coming down from a high single-digit. So it's still what we would call a relatively strong opportunity, and so I think - yes we are seeing a little bit slowing, but it's still around mid single-digits.
Randy Hogan: On the Thermal side, one of the big reasons we've had margin expansion as we have adjusted the cost structure and at the same time we invested a new products. We increased our R&D activities in Thermal, and we redeployed sales coverage from the really large projects in the oil and gas business to focus more on Industrial MRO. And so I think that's already well-positioned and we're in the process of doing that and in Water. I think virtually all the costs are out. And there are investments to be made, but there in our plan, there in our forecasts.
Randy Hogan: Yes, I mean like - really we're seeing strength everywhere. I wouldn't call it any particular market geographically as stronger. Our focus on Industrial and the application of Thermal Management technologies is more than just oil and gas or you chemicals and then some other process industries. I think our increased focus there may be helping us. And then when we talk about products, we're really talking about MRO. These are product - these are installations that need to be serviced and we return to - I think a more normal level of maintenance spending in the oil and gas industry and I think that's been a - I think that that's stability is giving rise to some predictable and attractive business opportunities.
Randy Hogan: Well, we have a right to play in those and we are competing for them. And so I expect that that will be a positive market benefit for us and again I don't want to front run Beth with our forecast.
Randy Hogan: We view it as - it's hard to say it's something like that investors and net positive to be over time.
Randy Hogan: Well and when the market was not growing, it's harder to get pricing and we priced to a different expectation for these businesses and earlier in another…
Randy Hogan: Okay, great. Just in sum, we believe our third quarter was another positive step towards demonstrating the return to predictable and improving performance in our business since we divested Valves & Controls. Both Water and Electrical are building momentum as you heard in our comments and questions as we exit 2017. We remain confident in our ability to deliver double-digit EPS growth for the year. And as we highlighted earlier in the call, we're making great progress in standing up Pentair and nVent to be both successful and thrive after separation next year. Thank you for your continued interest and operator you can conclude the call.
