John Stauch: Thank you, Randy. Please turn to Slide #13 titled Q4 '14 Pentair Outlook. For the fourth quarter of 2014, we expect sales to be up approximately 1% to 2% to 1.85 billion which includes about a point of anticipated FX headwinds. Valves & Controls is forecast to be flat, Process Technologies is expected to be up 5%, Flow Technologies is estimated to be down 4% with tougher comps in Ag and further deemphasis of lower margin retail business, and Technical Solutions is expected to be up 4% on continued strength in industrial. We expect operating income to be up roughly 9% and operating margins to expand 90 basis points to 14.5%. This includes ongoing OMT investments in Valves & Controls unless of a negative mix issue in Process Technologies. Our EPS forecast for the fourth quarter is a range of $1.02 to $1.04 for an increase of roughly 20%. We are expecting the tax rate to be around 23.5% and the share count to be around 187 million, reflecting recent stock buyback efforts. Please turn to Slide #14 labeled Balance Sheet and Cash Flow. Quarter end debt was approximately 3 billion, or 2.7 billion on a net debt basis, inclusive of global cash on hand. In the third quarter we returned over 450 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. At the end of the third quarter we had approximately 300 million remaining under our current 1 billion share repurchase authorization, but we plan to exhaust the remaining authorization levels in the fourth quarter. Our ROIC ended the quarter above 10%. We continue to have a lot of opportunities on the working capital front with the legacy flow control businesses and we expect to make further progress as the year continues. Please to turn to Slide #15 labeled Full Year 2014 Pentair Outlook. We are raising our 2014 adjusted EPS to a range of $3.72 to $3.74 from a range of $3.65 to $3.70 or greater than 20% growth reflecting the third quarter results. For the year, we’re expecting the top line to grow 1% to 2% inclusive of the impact of foreign exchange to 7.1 billion. We expect Valves & Controls to be down modestly for the full year. Process Technologies is expected to grow 5% for the year on the strength of pool, beverage systems and food service. Flow Technologies is anticipated to be down 2% for the full year and Technical Solutions is forecast to grow 4% due largely to an improving industrial business. Adjusted operating income is expected to be up approximately 13% to just over 1.01 billion and this includes roughly 20 million of OMT investments within Valves & Controls. Adjusted operating margins are anticipated to expand 140 basis points to 14.3%. For the full year, we expect the tax rate to be around 23.5% and the share count to be about 195 million. Free cash flow remains on track to be north of 110% of net income. Operator, can you please open the line for questions? Thank you.
John Stauch: Steve, I think when you look at the dynamics of what we are trying to drive, and I think Q3 is indicative of this, we want to have most of the things in our control. And one of the things not in our control is the market. But we still have a lot of synergies remaining and we are building momentum at Lean. We have got carryover restructuring that we are still working on heading into next year. And the operational performance is encouraging because we are building momentum there. We want to grow more than anybody. And every time we see some markets go forward, a couple of markets go backwards. And so we have got to look at things we can control and within the things we control, we're exceeding our expectations. And then we have to see where the market is going to shake out next year. But I think given our operational execution, we still feel confident that we can deliver superior value to the company.
John Stauch: You’re right. I mean our inflation numbers include both labor inflation and material inflation, so you’re right. And then mix is netted into productivity and price columns and that’s inclusive of a negative mix we have. I think as we think about where we are right now, I think inflation is going to get a little higher and that’s not a bad thing, we’re actually hoping it to go up a little bit. And then overall we do strive to get about a point of price. I mean where 70 to 80 basis points of price is a full yield for us given the fact that half of the revenue -- or about 40% of our global revenue is more projects and systems now, so less price opportunity there. And our productivity is two points and that’s what we try to archive. And right now we've got a lot of tailwinds there. We'll start to see benefits in OMP next year. But as I mentioned, we have to carry over restructuring and we’re really building momentum around lean and sourcing in the new flow control additions. So I don’t think it’s time to pull back on productivity anytime soon. As a matter of fact, we want to push the pedal harder on that, Steve. And those – I said it earlier, those are in our control.
John Stauch: So a couple of elements there, I mean I’ll start with Canada first. Canada, we are at levels now on an annual basis that we feel really reflect hopefully a floor. But we’ve been tracking at those levels and starting to see an uptick and we did see an uptick at both orders and shipments in Canada in Q3 that we think continue into Q4. As far as the order rates, certainly getting a strong pickup in the order rates on the industrial side, industrial heat tracing, and starting to see the benefits of some of those petrochemical, particularly sulfur orders that Randy mentioned earlier and we’re starting to see some fairly strong encouraging news on what’s happening in energy in that space. And so we feel pretty optimistic heading into Q4 that we’re starting to see those orders pick up in a way that could be helpful in the future.
John Stauch: Yes. The way we do FX is we take the ending rate at the end of September of about 28 on euro, and there's other currencies of course, but that one had the biggest impact. And so if you would take that into next year and assume that we’re tracking right around where the euros to dollar is today, that is roughly a 1% headwind next year and that is current views. We can forecast where the currency is going to go. The way I would tell you is every penny of euro to dollar movement is worth about 10 million to Pentair on an annual basis.
John Stauch: On the revenue line. And what it gives the operating income line is the natural transactional benefits that also occurs of not being substantial headwind. Other than that, I think we’ll be watching as we head into next year where the Valves & Control backlog is and how that impacts next year. And then we’ve had a couple of headwinds. We’ve had this retail issues in flow which is about a point of revenue to Pentair and that continues next year. So, I mean there is puts and takes. At the same time, the industrial and the thermal is performing at a higher level.
John Stauch: Yes. So, I mean yes, Q3 is seasonal. We inherited some businesses that used to have a fiscal year of September. So just to remind everyone, it used to be a big push for them because it was a fiscal year end. But naturally, Q3 would be a lighter quoting activity given kind of shutdowns in August in Europe and that kind of leaking over in the United States lifestyle. When it comes to projects, large projects do make up about 70% of our overall quote activity still today and so we are looking for large projects. I want to define large projects as anything over $1 million to $5 million. These aren't mega projects at all. They're just larger valve order rates. So those continue to be the trends that we are looking to. And like Randy said, the quarters have been very volatile and what we’ve been looking to is the six-month, the trailing month order rates to try to get some sense of normality as to where these markets are going.
John Stauch: We would have expected to be up modestly in orders entering into the quarter and we came out around flat. So there were a couple of projects that we could point to that felt like they slipped primarily around EPC actions and activities that have pushed those out. And so that’s consistent with what I think you’re hearing from others. And we don’t feel like there is any share loss in there and therefore we feel like as the market comes back, we’re going to participate in that. 
John Stauch: Yes. So we're expecting 5 million of OMT in Q4, which is about 1 million higher than it was in Q3, but no tracking to the 20 million on the annual basis. That’s fairly consistent. The margins last year, just to remind you, we had a little challenge in a couple of our factories and a couple of...
John Stauch: One big project that was a very low margin project. So, when you take a look at it sequentially, it looks more normal. And we feel like Q3 performance is indicative of how we are performing in our factories and the sourcing benefits we’re receiving and the mix of projects that we’re shipping. So we feel comfortable heading into Q4 with that same margin look.
John Stauch: We are always actively looking at and we have been actively looking hard. We think that we have proven that we can integrate. And there is some of our platforms and businesses that are -- certainly have an appetite to do deals and have the capacity to do deals. So we are constantly looking and we got to have the right price between the seller and the buyer and those things have to line up. So it’s hard to predict.
John Stauch: I mean, I think just to remind everybody, the $4.50 was in response to the $5 target with about a quarter of that related to losing water transport contribution, the other quarter due to macro environment and that’s all at a point in time. So as we talked about earlier, mid December we’ll be giving guidance heading into next year which will frame kind of how we feel about the overall contribution based upon what we see in December. That will include our Q4 order rates and include current foreign exchange views, include where we think the balance sheet participates in that and we'll have a better insight to what to provide. Right now there is really nothing out there against that number.
John Stauch: I think the 200 million was – it might be the same number, but it was also the repositioning our cost takeout that we were actually driving to, so permanent cost structure reduction. I mean, as we gave the update, we’re looking to get over $275 million of synergies by the end of next year, which was the new number exclusive of the water transport contribution. And given where we ended Q3, it’s fair to say we’re tracking stronger than that number. And if you would push me for a number, I would say we're $10 million to $15 million, maybe $20 million better than expectation. We’ve been blending this in. What we’re really looking at is what we do in gross margin and how much that gross margin is coming from lean and sourcing, and then what are we doing on cost structure, primarily G&A, and what is that percentage of sales in the reductions there. That’s really where we’re driving it. It falls under standardization category, the reductions in ERPs, reductions in accounting centers and then where are we as far as lean evolution in the all factories, including legacy Pentair side as well. We feel really good about what we've achieved so far.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean it's really as simple as every year the GBUs -- our businesses and segments start out with a plan and we approve the capital if it goes along and we make those capital decisions based on the returns. And usually they overestimate in the beginning on what we're going to spend. And usually by the end of the year we get to the correct number. So we’re just kind of getting to the correct number.
John Stauch: Yes. And I don’t -- I wouldn’t say that we’re necessarily backing off. But one of the things that the Valves and Controls team has done a nice job of is using Lean across the quoting activity. And we’re spending quality time on the right quotes and right engineering jobs. And when we’re doing that, we feel good about our ability to go on with a quote that we think meets our margin needs and meets the customers' value proposition. So, I think we feel good about the progress we’re making using the Lean tools outside the factory and I think you’ve seen that in our quoting activity.
John Stauch: Yeah. So a couple of different answers there. I mean on the transactional and translational FX basis, if we saw somewhere around a $0.10 movement in the currency, that would be the impact on the revenue line of $0.10 times what I said before. $100 million on the top-line, we would be inside of a nickel is what the impact would be on EPS. That’s a model that we run quarterly and annually. And there is, as I mentioned, benefits to currency going down that offset some of the impacts of currency going down. When we take a look at where we are in share count heading into next year, we are anticipating what purchase should be made. And as of today there is $70 million remaining on the authorization and that would drive somewhere around 185 million of the share count next year.
John Stauch: Yeah, I mean as I mentioned earlier, we don’t tend to get the same December contribution that we get out of June and September on an end of quarter basis primarily because of the way the holidays impact the last couple of weeks of shipping in the year. But all other components, inflation roughly there, little bit of headwind from foreign exchange, not a lot, and then also we expect to see a good productivity price push as well. 
John Stauch: We have not taken any incremental restructuring in Q3, as you indicated. And as Randy mentioned earlier, the context of rolling up plans and taking a look at where we think we are going to be next year and what contribution we have in productivity and growth, any further decisions on that would be taken as necessary.
John Stauch: No, we are evaluating where the markets are going. We are evaluating the confidence in the growth plans. We are evaluating the confidence in the current productivity views and how all of those things work their way into any further access we need.
John Stauch: It is a combination of a couple of things. I mean one is we do think we can get more G&A out, no doubt about it, but certainly feel even on current levels of G&A, we don’t need to add any, so growth helps to leverage that down. And then we certainly -- we come up the difference by adding more into the R&D line overtime and adding to selling and marketing if necessary. And right now we’re evaluating these 19 growth platforms that Randy mentioned and we’re certainly giving them all the money that need at the moment as they earn the right to invest in more, we’ll add more to the growth pocket.
John Stauch: Yes, I think so. I mean the quarters fluctuate. So we can take a look at where your full year's coming it and right now we think around 20% is achievable and then also drifting down to 19% would not be -- there is no magic formula there.
John Stauch: Yes. And I just -- what we’re doing is we’re trying to build the backlog up to get the next nine to 12 months of shippable backlog. And there is also booking shift in the order take as well. So I agree with Randy. I wouldn’t use the word comfortable. But the level of execution around consistently getting robust orders growth is where we’re trying to drive to and we are not yet ready to say that it’s not where we needed to be. But I also want to remind you it relates to a third of our business and we also are looking at all the order and the booking shift business and the other two thirds of the business. And there is, as Randy mentioned, when you see oil and gas move in a particular direction, that’s not necessarily bad for some of the industrial segments that we serve either. So all of it has got to weigh into what we think we can achieve for next year.
John Stauch: It was one of the bigger pull-backs in September -- with the Europe performance in September was really soft.
Randall Hogan: I think we never put too much emphasis on Q3, first of all. I mean with August being a pretty light quarter month traditionally than July, and we take a look at a couple of dynamics. We look at our win rate in the quarter’s that we're quoting. We look at how strong the front log is than where the quote log is. The actual quoted activity in Q3 was down, so we feel like our win rate held in. And we still see a bunch of projects heading into Q4. So we're expecting Q4 to be another strong orders growth and we need it as we set up our expectations for next year. But we're certainly in wait-and-see mode on the pace of those orders and obviously mid-December we'll be providing guidance that will give an update on how we feel about next year.
Randall Hogan: I wouldn’t take it off the table at all, no. I mean we are not done until we're done. As we mentioned, our hit rate is good. There is lots of activity out there. We track hit rate, and things have slid, we all know that, everyone in the industry has seen that. But we haven’t seen massive cancellations or share loss that we can calculate.
Randall Hogan: The way we look at Valves & Controls, we are particularly strong in mining and power. They are not as big as oil and gas obviously, or process. So their being weak is not great news for us. But frankly, we are very strong in LNG and we are very strong in process. And those two, the outlook for those two applications, LNG in particular with cryogenic applications, we are very strong in that. We see a number of projects there that are quite exciting. And there is going to be five-six -- in just in North America there are going to be five or six new plants every year for the next three years in the Petrochem space and probably five to six expansions. And it's early days for the valves to be led in that because in the way it rolls out, there will be plant level awards first and then get to the valves. But we are tracking them all and we feel good about those.
Randall Hogan: Well I am not an oil guru, but we are watching with great anticipation like everyone else on what the impact will be, what oil price is, different activity change. But the end customers don’t -- they are not changing their CapEx plans based on movements week-to-week on oil prices. They are waiting – they'll take the year to do directionally drill the well in a tight shale formation. So it's not something that you turn on and off on a weekly or monthly basis, so – if we look at overall CapEx plans. But in particular if you take a look at the two businesses that I just talked about, LNG, the thing that’s driving LNG right now is the opportunity to export LNG from North America. If you take a look at it, we have a vast amount of natural gas that is priced for the first time the lowest BTU value since the deregulation natural gas and the first time natural gas is trading at a price lower than its BTU value. And with the abundance of natural gas, you can see us having a real opportunity to export that gas to other countries, but basically Asia and Europe. And there's four or five projects underway right now then there are 17 being planned. And then on the petrochem side same thing. A lot of the investment left overtime as natural gas, which is the feedstock at petrochem, the natural gas liquids, as they even up in price, that capacity left in the country and now it’s coming back and all for the same reason, natural gas prices were pretty low. So, those two in particular benefit from the longer term lower cost of natural gas. So that’s why I'm encouraged and I’m worried less about what oil prices do to those two things than I am to what it would do to E&P.
Randall Hogan: And I’d add, one of the things, as we've talked before, we’ve gone underneath the segments we’ve gone to 19 focus platforms to drive growth. In the thermal areas what that did was we broke out the commercial thermal business, commercial thermal solutions, and that focus has led to higher growth. I mentioned in the script that we’ve seen some nice stocking orders in preparation for – or as a result of the cold winter last year we actually had stock out last winter with the heat tracing for snow melt and rail protection and et cetera. And so our business, with the focus we have, we've been able to get out front make sure the stock is in place for what might be needed for this upcoming winter and that whole focus has led to some more innovations in terms of other applications in the commercial space for install on hot water and some other interesting applications. So thermal is looking pretty good.
Randall Hogan: But I'd say with the exception of FX, we kind of see the world where we did when we talked last quarter. I mean FX is different. But other than that...
Randall Hogan: Well, we were softer in short-cycle orders than we'd have liked to have been in the third quarter. That’s largely due to lower mining activity and lower power than it is in oil and gas. As when we take a look at what the change rate was, not so big a difference in oil and gas.
Randall Hogan: Well, I would say second half next year would be when we would expect to see it. I mean there is some activity in terms of quotations now that wouldn’t hit sales until the second half of next year.
Randall Hogan: Well, let me start with your last point. We do serve a diverse set of end markets and they are not all moving together. And they don't all move with move oil and gas. Even within oil and gas, as I mentioned, the lower prices are actually good for some applications. But, we think food and beverage is still strong. We think our residential position in the U.S. is going to continue to give us growth, albeit maybe at a little bit more moderate rate. And so we think that particularly those two businesses are quite good. Europe is the thing that is weaker now than we thought it would be. So we are cautious on oil and gas. But again, oil and gas is just part of our energy exposure and energy is only 28% of our sales. So oil and gas is less than 15% or so. I will give you exact number. So we look at all of those end markets as important to us. And particularly the industrial North American growth and capital spending is a huge driver for us. And we saw that in the third quarter and you can see what it does when we get some growth there if we don’t expect to book another 8% in the fourth quarter then.
Randall Hogan: Currently we are a new company, but we used to be -- before our merger we had 250 million in cash flow, that was a big deal. We are going to do over 800 million and as we get bigger it's going to be in the billion dollar range . Over the last -- since the merger, which was just two years ago, close to two years ago, we have returned almost -- we have almost done 2 billion in share buybacks already. So we see the benefit of doing that. At that level and with that rate, it would be pretty dramatic. But we do believe in returning shareholders -- giving shareholders return. And we have done it about 38 years in a row – or was it 39 -- 38 ears in a row with our dividend increases. And our belief is that capital should be used, not wasted.
Randall Hogan: Yes. Where we are in our process right now, over the next month and a half we will be doing the heavy lifting and doing the discipline planning. Productivity will always be part of our strategy. We plan our work and we execute that and I think you can see in our integration and you can see in our consistent productivity overtime, we know how to do that. What we'll be doing is building that detailed growth plan. That will roll off into our budget. Those budgets will then form the guidance we give in December. So we'll tell you then.
Randall Hogan: It really depends on what the specific quotes are. Sometimes it will be a multiple package. The range of technologies and then performance characteristics of valves are pretty broad. So for instance we’re a leader in triple offset valve, we’re a leader in pressure relief valves. And all of those get specified and you bid those, sometimes you bid them as a package. The EPC and the end customer in our large project will decide how those split up the packages. They'll let the DCS go and then they'll do the pumps and then when they get to the piping and the valves, each of those common packages. So it’s not a one-size-fits-all on how it gets bid. And then it depends on, I mentioned LNG. LNG has a lot of cryogenic applications. We’re a leader in that in terms of our valves, our triple offset valves and our pressure relief valves. So we tend to have higher share in those applications. Other applications, maybe not, so maybe not so high a share. So it's kind of hard to generalize.
Randall Hogan: Yes. We have -- our brands are well known and they're known pretty much to all the EPCs and all of the oil and gas or any other customer set for that matter. But we are, for instance in sub-sea, we're not really strong in sub-sea. So, a lot of the sub-sea activity we’re not going get. We do better on land. In that category I mentioned, we do better in liquefaction stations and natural gas than we do in pipelines. And this is really more of a product mix. So, we look at all of that and we look at our hit rate and what I would like to do is I'd like to see a higher hit rate on where we’re strong and I would like to see us figure out how to get better in some of the places where our hit rate isn't. So there isn’t a general answer I can give you on that.
Randall Hogan: We believe configured-to-order can help us on smaller projects in particular. Having product in stock and being able to configure to order in our 80 locations is something that we think we can do better at. That’s an idea yet, it’s not a plan. We are doing some alpha test on that that will be helpful for the smaller projects. The rest is a lot of specification work. And we’d rather be specified and take our chances than just compete on price, as you said. We have been more disciplined, we believe, on price than maybe before.
Randall Hogan: Yeah, I said that back. I am glad you asked that. It’s point of use, not point of entry. I said it backwards. I've read that script three times and I didn't think [indiscernible]. Basically a lot more under sink, a lot more point of use versus point of entry. Point of entry has a bigger content for us and frankly a better mix of margins on the products. So I'm glad you asked.
Randall Hogan: We are still in development. We have actually done some redesigning work to take some of the cost out and improve the efficiency of the what's called the sack, a membrane sack, and improve the control of it so that it doesn’t have to cycle as often. And so we have got that on beta test now and looking at it. We don’t have a new launch date yet to go public with. But we still have positive thoughts about what that can do in the marketplace to eliminate – we basically provide the softness.
Randall Hogan: But we are disciples of Lean enterprise. And G&A -- no offense to anybody on my team -- G&A is considered muda in the lean concepts. Muda is waste. So we want G&A to be as productive. In a perfect world there would be no G&A.
Randall Hogan: I can say comfort is a word that I’m not familiar with while you’re projecting the future. But I mean in terms of the model, when you think about it, we look at our backlog we have and we look at what's shippable and we look at the quotation activities and that’s what we use to drive our forecast.
Randall Hogan: I'd say too soon to tell in terms of Europe specifically. I mean, Europe was the surprise weakness and Europe was -- we had growth in Europe in the first half and then it declined in the third quarter. So that’s a note of caution in terms of what we’re looking at.
Randall Hogan: And for Europe, because July and August are vacation months, it’s all about September in Europe. So making sense of what that means when you have a weak September in Europe takes a little while.
Randall Hogan: Thank you. So that’s it then. You can give the calling information please, operator. Thank you for listening.
