John L. Stauch: Well, I think we -- the $310 million, which I do acknowledge, had about $35 million or so that would be moved to discontinued ops along with Water Transport, so I think that would give you roughly a $275 million ongoing synergy rate that we think would apply to the continuing [indiscernible]
John L. Stauch: Yes, it is. I mean, the short answer I mean, we are exiting, as Randy mentioned, several product lines within Home Depot in which we did take a large -- within our retail space, which we did take some large concessions on. So that's what we're managing through right now. But that headwind starts to go away in the second half and into next year.
John L. Stauch: We feel like it -- all in, we're just slightly -- since we've done this and we're sort of concluding our large restructuring actions, we've taken about $200 million of restructuring today. And the expected full year run rate benefit of that is roughly $200 million on an ongoing basis. So I would say that this last grouping is consistent with that. I mean, a little bit delayed in the sense that we notify and then the benefits come a little bit later, but that's what we're really running to is an ongoing run rate of about $200 million since the inception of the merger.
John L. Stauch: Again, we would think that the investment continues, so the $20 million we're spending this year, we'll have another $20 million of investment next year. And there would be a slight pickup from the G&A savings that we'd expect once we go live with that program.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I think the way we look at it now is just really $2 billion of capacity less the $700 million remaining in share authorization. Our goal is to create long-term sustainable value and acquisitions continue to be a big part of that. But right now, there isn't a plethora of significant acquisitions to go get. So short-term, we've been doing what we feel is a disciplined capital allocation model of choosing between all of the options and making sure that we're looking at the one that drives the right long-term value creation.
John L. Stauch: I'll never say we're done. I think we aggressively went to everybody and said, "Listen, we want to put it behind us and we want to move forward. We want to start having reported and GAAP be the same -- I'm sorry, reporting just be the same number for the rest of the year." And on that context, I think we were more aggressive in the quarter based on the fact that we gave that guidance that we needed to put this behind us. But I think, overall, we feel really good about how the teams have stepped up. We feel really good about the productivity actions. And a lot of this is being driven, as Randy mentioned, by PIMS and Lean standardization and all the right things that we're doing to simplify the businesses to be better to deal with from a customer perspective and also to get the standardization in line so that we can be better at acquisitions going forward.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I mean, I think you'll see it in the documents that where we were with Water Transport last year was what we described, which is the fact that the numbers we gave you were last year's 2013 numbers. We expected the business to the roughly flat for '14. When we came out and saw that the projects on pipeline was going to be less and there was going to be less contribution from Water Transport after we gave our original guidance, the goal was to drive the other businesses and hope that we would see back half upside to make up for that difference. And what you're seeing now is what the actual forecast for the business looks like this year, which is significantly less than the way we planned it and significantly less than its contribution last year. The other element that's going through the impact of the EPS is the changing share count from where we were in 2012 at 213.8 million shares to where we expect to be next year, which is sub 190 million. So that if you take that off the contributions, that's where you're seeing the impact.
John L. Stauch: Well, it was about in a breakeven position for the first half and we thought it would have a slightly larger uptick in the second half. However, we're talking apples and oranges here. Again, the plan was that we'd have contribution in the first half and we'd have contribution in the second half. When we didn't get the contribution in the first half, we adjusted our Water Transport outlook. We tried to overdrive the other businesses to get back on plan. And therefore, we are now telling you, we don't think that, that's...
John L. Stauch: The process margins, real quickly, is we do have some systems that we're beginning to ship and especially in our filtration processes. And so when we ship those systems, we generally get a little less margin. We do them for the aftermarket revenue of the membrane annuity stream. So every once in a while, we're going to have some lumpiness with the project margins in that business. Everything else is as is. And on the tax rate side, we continue to do all the right actions to benefit from the global structure that Randy mentioned in the OMT. We also have a similar project that were leading in Technical Solutions.
John L. Stauch: Yes. Keep in mind that our product systems business is generally a stronger-margin business right now than the Filtration & Processing. And so they have a strong Q2. They have lighter Q3 and then they usually have a stronger Q4. So the contribution for Aquatic Systems within the Process Technologies side versus the contribution from Filtration & Process also has an impact on the overall segment margins.
John L. Stauch: Yes, I mean, I think we gave you a rough percentage. I mean, our installed base is obviously substantially higher than what our greenfield projects would be. So with any given quarter, we're looking at about 50% to 60% our revenue comes from serving what we would say is the general installed base. And it's not like we're a project-dependent business. We're more CapEx-dependent. And this CapEx in these Energy spaces usually continues to flow. Right now, we're in about 2 or 3 years straight of that amount of capital being reduced or being timed, as Randy said. Our belief is that there's not a great fear of inflation so there's no sense of urgency to put the projects in motion.
John L. Stauch: So what we're really referring to is we're not counting or hoping, because hope is not a great plan, on any large, unique bluebird projects that may or may not be coming into the forecast.
John L. Stauch: Yes, the -- I think the original forecast did not include any real contribution from working capital. And yes, we are performing better in working capital. And yes, we continue to feel confident about achieving greater than 110% of net income. So I think it was really more of a conservative first look at the cash flow. And generally our forecast right now is what the see and therefore, what we shared with you.
John L. Stauch: I think as Randy mentioned, we're optimistic that we can see a couple more quarters of sustained order growth. Our Q2 reflected a pretty solid order quarter and we're hopeful Q3 and Q4. But we're now in the point of the cycle where if we book the orders and the valve is processed, we're looking at 2015 shipments. So what we're reflecting right now in the 2014 forecast is our shippable backlog, plus what we believe we can get to the book and ship and get out by the end of the year. We're hopeful that -- we looked at that same days that you did and that is the right leading indicator. And we're hopeful that we see those order start to come in Valves space and that would set up a nice 2015.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, Steve, we're not giving -- I mean, it's -- just to put this in perspective, we're not -- we're going to go back to our normal giving actual guidance for the year in -- when we get -- when we talk in December, which is our fair practice. We felt, as all our degrees of freedom began to get pinched away for us against the $5, we felt we owed it to you to tell you. So the way to think about the $4.50 is we know Water Transport goes, but we also looked at all the puts and takes, the overdrive and synergies, the -- frankly, the lack of confidence that we have in these head fix we keep getting from the economy. And we've been counting on those to come through on a positive way. And they're coming through, even though we're getting some growth in line with what looks like everyone else's, it's just not something I have a lot of confidence in right now. So that's -- so think about the $4.50 that way. We don't have a definitive guidance -- we're not giving a definitive guidance. The $5 was a target and it was something that we held out there for everybody; us and you. We had multiple degrees of freedom to get there. It's 6 months before 2015. I...
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I mean, we really did feel like we needed to build a backlog. And the business, the people in the business have worked so hard and committed to the brutal activities necessary to keep their nose above water and it's profitable. There's 2 reasons to discuss. One is it really isn't part of our strategic roadmap going forward. And right now, it has been a distraction within Flow Technologies. Flow Technologies without them doesn't look that great, right? And now they can focus, really can -- the Flow Technologies can really focus on driving the growth in the areas that look quite attractive for them and continue the exit of the retail side of residential and really focus on what we believe is the bright future for Flow Technologies. We've moved -- we're moving the business to actually report to our VP of Ops, which reports up to John. And we're just beginning the process, but we believe that there are prospects for the business in someone else's hands. And I don't know who that is. We haven't started the process yet. It's early days. We just went through a rigorous discussion with our Board about the right way forward and we think this is certainly the right way forward. And this -- our platform, I mentioned this in the script, this platform approach is really quite helpful in that regard in terms of really identifying and letting us differentiate who's going to -- where we're going to flow more of our resources, a much more granular approach than the GBU approach.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, I mean, there's a certain amount of lumpiness, as you say. But the 7% growth in orders this quarter, we think portends more positive things coming. We have the quote log, we track ahead of that and that's up as well. It seems to be legitimate, the -- and the real projects and that's up. I think that, that will be good. And I'm really looking forward to seeing how we clock it in third and fourth quarter. That's really going to tell us a lot. I really like the discipline that the Valves & Controls team has put around the quote following now. I think we're in a much better shape than we were a year ago in terms of tracking and managing that.
Randall J. Hogan: Because of the revenue. I mean, we were encouraged when we saw some of these projects getting released and that's why we're talked about the oil sands. We talked -- we saw some of these things getting released. We were getting excited about them and then we see them all pushed to the right. We just -- it's -- I don't -- just not going to comment on stuff until they happen.
Randall J. Hogan: That's really, as 1.0 out of '14 -- it's a 1.5 out of '14. It's a 1.0 out of '15. It's the general bad news in missing the growth profile for 3 years running and the compounding of it.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I mean, these -- this CapEx pushing to the right affects Valves & Controls. It affects -- it, really, it affects 3 out of our 4 segments. But it really effects Valves & Controls and it really effects Technical Solutions. The big number, the big project that I was referring to really wanting to sort of fill in the upside to what we're saying are the thermal ones. There's some big Valves & Controls ones, too, that are -- would also be a risk of sliding, but Valves & Controls is thousands of projects. And so with the -- the law of large numbers helps us a little bit of that. In Thermal, they've had some really large, large projects that we were all excited about starting on and they're on ice.
Randall J. Hogan: That will be my best guess right now. It could be higher. It could be lower. I mean, frankly, as I said, I can't go out and tell you anymore that I'm -- that I have a path to $5. I had to decide -- we had to decide, do we just take it away? Or do we give you some indication of what our best thinking is now? Obviously, our -- we weren't thinking -- it wasn't our best thinking that gave us $5, was it? I mean, so I think that would say that the $4.50 is our best guess right now based on what we know today. That's how I would want you to think about it.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, let's -- let me go back. Let me talk about it. I mean, that's exactly -- how we thought about the -- when we said that we were creating a business that had $5 of earnings power in 2015, when announced the merger on March 28, 2012. That was the takeaway on my last page. And when we thought about that $5, we said we believe we can overdrive synergies. We believe we're looking at a market, thought that should have really -- the economy should have rebounded really nicely and that'll be really good for Industrial and really good in Energy and we're going to clock some nice organic growth and we'll get drop through on that. And we have buyback. And we added all that up and we were comfortably above $5, right? And as the buyback, we were grateful that the stock responded to the early performance of the business and so the stock buyback didn't get quite as much impact because the stock price was higher. We did overdrive synergies. That was great. We had big disappointments in Water Transport, which we talked about. But also, Energy. And we really have underrun by 1% to 1.5% in '13 and '14 and now we think '15, what we really needed to have that great headroom above $5. So as we look at $4.50 and we came to that number, it's going to take another 1.5 -- more than 1.5 points of growth on the organic side to really help drive the topline, to drive above that number. Is that possible? I think it's possible. But we need less uncertainty in the world. We need more commitment to capital. We need some of these animal spirits of the economy to come to the floor. And look at the profitability we have. We're building in Valves & Controls and we have in our Technical Solutions business. We need organic growth. We will mint money when we get it. So I'm very focused right now. And that's one of the reasons why Water Transport, God bless the people in it, put them aside and focus everybody else on driving growth. Now we have the $700 million that's already approved in stock buyback. I'm committed to that. And we've got this other $1.3 billion. But how we use that $1.3 billion is to create shareholder value. And it could be stock buyback. It could be acquisitions. And we're going to look at all of it. So that's how we think about it. It's the way we thought about it when we put the businesses together. And I think our prospects as a company are every bit as good as they were. And we're going to exploit the ones we can capture.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I mean, that was the early comment about the hard to sell an empty bag, an empty shopping bag. It's also not worth carrying around forever. So we showed you the evaluation of the deal economics as we see it today, one of the charts that John showed. And that basically is assuming modest value for that. So those multiples of how everybody, all the shareholders involved here, did very, very well with this acquisition, assumes we get a realistic number for Water Transport. Let me leave it at that.
Randall J. Hogan: It's the releases against the orders that we need because we don't -- until we ship something, we can't bill it. And we can't make it until they release the order. And that's what really has me shaken because I've seen it slip 3 times and it's baseball season.
Randall J. Hogan: Or in effect, the bids and rebids, they keep getting lower prices. So that's why they keep them in rebid.
Randall J. Hogan: I would say, we have, we've got the 3 businesses that serve. We have the Aquatics business, we have Residential pump and we have the Residential Filtration business. And in the pro channel, Residential Flow, we've got some modest growth, but nice growth. It's masked by the exit of the retail side that we've talked about. And Residential Filtration is growing, again, single digits. Not exciting, but decent, not quite mid-singles, but -- and then Aquatics continues to do well with the share gain and the energy savings and the leading product lines and the best sales force. So that's pretty high. And that's continued. I see it as pretty steady. And the thing that really drives, certainly, the Residential Filtration and the Aquatics business is people putting money into homes. It isn't just housing starts, it's actually investments, if you will, in the housing stock. And so we -- it's been pretty stable for the 3 or 4 quarters of growth and even for a couple of businesses longer than that. And so we've actually seen in a couple of markets, where we think the markets can be stronger if there were -- if contractors could actually hire skilled labor. There's skilled labor shortage in some of the crafts in some areas of the country. It's affected our pool business and I think it's affected some of the remodeling business as well. On the pump side, it's really good for all of our pump players when -- the well pumps, so homes being built. When communities are being opened up and when larger homes built outside, they have the most pump content. Most of the housing that's being done is multifamily. So it has a more muted benefit to the Residential business when you have multifamily housing tighter to the city. That's probably too long an answer. Sorry.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes. But we have -- in our Process Technologies business, we have a lot of opportunity. We really have opportunity on working capital in all of our businesses, but Valves & Controls is a big one.
Randall J. Hogan: I don't think there's anything -- there's nothing surprising or any kind of large move that I have seen in pricing. I mentioned earlier about a lot of rebids that are happening in the Energy business. That's really for the whole project. It didn't really affect our scope of the projects. But some of these huge, huge, $10 billion projects, they want to cut $1 billion out. That comes from redesigning the plan and doing things differently. So that's what I was referring to there.
