John Stauch: Thank you, Jim, and good morning everyone. Please turn to slide number four, titled Executive Summary. 2018 was a very busy year for Pentair, and one we are very proud of. We completed the successful separation of nVent to shareholders, we developed a detailed and executable residential and commercial water treatment strategy, and we overdrove our 2018 commitments despite the impact of tariffs and inflation. In addition to financial performance, we returned nearly $700 million to shareholders through buybacks and dividends. Our cash generation remains strong, and our balance sheet is in great shape. To start 2019, we announced agreements for two strategic acquisitions that will help us advance our residential and commercial water treatment strategy. After Mark discusses our financial performance, I will speak more about these two deals. We are very pleased with what we believe was a successful 2018 for Pentair, and we continue to believe we are well-positioned for 2019 and beyond. Please turn to slide five, labeled Financial Highlights. Before turning the call over to Mark, I wanted to spend a moment reviewing some of the highlights for the quarter and the year. In the fourth quarter, we saw core sales grow 6%, and our adjusted EPS grow 15%. For the full-year, our sales grew 5%. We expanded our return on sales 60 basis points, while making a number of strategic growth investments to position us for the longer term. Adjusted EPS grew 21%, and we generated over $400 million in free cash flow. For 2019, we expect core sales to grow 4% to 5%, segment income to increase 8% to 12%, and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $2.50 to $2.60 per share, an increase of 6% to 11%. Once again, we are targeting free cash flow to approximate adjusted net income. While we expect some of the headwinds we face in 2018, mostly inflation to continue, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver on our commitments once again as we anticipate consistency, predictability, and sustained performance to return to Pentair. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark to discuss the fourth quarter results and provide more details on our full-year 2019 outlook before I provide an update on our key strategic growth initiatives.
John Stauch: Thank you, Mark. Please turn to slide number 13, titled Pentair Strategy Summary. We have used this page consistently in our earnings presentations to remind everyone of strategy to the leading residential and commercial water treatment company and to share with you the areas where we are investing in growth. Our focused areas of strategy remained on advancing growth in pool and accelerating residential and commercial water treatment which requires investment at the business and the enterprise level. Our approach to capital allocation remains disciplined. And we are committed to maintaining our investment grade rating, reinvesting in our most attractive core businesses and paying a competitive dividend. We also look at a balanced approach between M&A and intelligent buybacks with our M&A decisions being informed by overall valuations and the quality of assets available as well as our ability to integrate them successfully. Please turn to slide 14, labeled Two Strategic Deals. We discussed throughout 2018 that accelerating residential commercial water treatment is one of our two key strategic growth initiatives. We also discussed throughout 2018 that we are building our M&A funnel, and we are very pleased to have announced agreements for two strategic acquisitions that help us further this key growth initiative. On January 7th, we announced that we have signed agreements to acquire Aquion and Pelican Water Systems. We discussed last quarter that we are in the early innings of moving up the value change, from being a leading component supplier, to introducing smart, connected, branded products and solutions. We expect these two acquisitions to add roughly $110 million in revenue, and combined, have margins that are above the Filtration segment's average. Both of these acquisitions help us further our move up the value chain. We are really excited about Aquion bringing a national affiliated dealer network which is under the RainSoft brand. Aquion also brings a diverse line of whole home water treatment systems in addition to ozone and ultraviolet disinfection systems and internet-enabled solutions. Pelican is an exciting acquisition for us because it brings us a direct-to-consumer model through a proprietary ecommerce platform. Pelican also has a number of innovative water treatment systems and services that we'll be able to sell through all of our distribution channels. We still expect these acquisitions to close in the first quarter of 2019 subject to customary closing conditions and necessary regulatory approvals. We remain excited about our opportunity to advance our residential and commercial water treatment strategy. I would now like to turn the call over to Kathy, for Q&A, after which I'll have a few closing remarks. Kathy, please open the line for questions. Thank you.
John Stauch: Clearly it's not today. And it is our goal to have a Pentair brand that represents our filtration opportunity. And these acquisitions that we bring in are helpful in that regard because we have to get close to the consumer. And the consumer is making choices, and we have to make that a brand-based loyalty program in which then we can give the whole value chain of distributions in the products to the systems to also the services that are necessary, either through our direct channel or our affiliated channel. So, it's important as we think about building it out. I ultimately think that most consumers just want water as a service. They don't necessarily care about the products or the components that they're buying. They want a solution for the zip code or the geography or the country they live in, and that's where this is all heading, Joe. And that's why we think we need to have that consumer touch and be close to the consumer to be able to bring that story forward.
John Stauch: That's absolutely the goal. I mean, these are -- our residential commercial filtration business today is already higher margin, but I think you mentioned the predictable and consistency part of that is the main driver. And making sure that there's more of an annuity-based view of how we service that customer over time.
John Stauch: Joe, we expect them all to improve, but we do want to maintain some flexibility for our strategic growth investments as we think about ramping up or ramping down the investment based upon how we see the organic growth. So, don't want to lock into specific targets by segment, but we're expecting them all to improve.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean I think you read it right. I mean we're expecting about three points of price in this outlook, and we got one to two points of volume. And we're basically seeing the same core trends throughout the year, Mike. I mean as we mentioned, I think given the substantial price increases that were put into place in Q3 and Q4 we do think that distributors and dealers took advantage of buying a little bit ahead, so we'll probably expect a little slower start into Q1. And if you recall, we had a very strong Q1 last year, and we probably expect to have a stronger Q2 or 3 outlook as we did have such a great Q2. So, we're going to see that type of movement I think as we go through. But overall, core trends remain stable. We're not necessarily a new housing install, we tend to be more of the aftermarket served, and certainly in the residential commercial space we're close to 85% in the aftermarket side, and so all those trends feel pretty much the same as they were last year.
John Stauch: No, I mean I think we're aware, and then we're hearing that China is slower. I mean it's a good news/bad news story for us, I mean it's less than 4% of our overall revenue so we're not big enough to really matter in China. And our opportunity to continue to grow our business there is because we're not starting from a big base, so we have an opportunity to expand our revenue. So, other than that, I think Europe remains the way it generally was last year. It wasn't a huge contributory factor in '18, and we don't think it's a huge headwind in '19.
John Stauch: Well, they had been building a backlog primarily around the commercial infrastructure, Jeff, and so, we were able to build that backlog up, and that's helping a lot in volume. We also had some buildup in the residential and irrigation side, you know, we had -- as we mentioned last year, we had one kind of global de-stocking incident that happened in the Middle East with the distributor. We switched over a system and identified that they had too much inventory. So those headwinds are gone as we look forward, and that's helping, yes.
John Stauch: Yes, our inflation assumption includes the increase from 10% to 25% in list three that's scheduled for March 1st. So that is built into our inflation assumptions for the year.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, we see -- you know, the Aquion acquisition being somewhere in that 3% to 5%, longer term growth range, and then we obviously see Pelican, which has been historically growing at very strong double-digits, close to 20% as being at least for the near term, the expectations that we have upon it. So it's really about how do we think about these all at the right time, you know, and after we get regulatory approvals behind us, we'll take a look at the better longer-term outlooks for these businesses.
John Stauch: Don't expect them to, which -- it's a different segmentation of the overall consumer market, and it's very specific and targeted to areas in which they feel like they can help, you know, more ZIP code by ZIP code. So we're excited to be able to explore it deeper. Again, after we get the regulatory approvals, and we're hopeful that we can maybe take that capability and expand it and really help our dealer channels as well.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, we have a really well-thought-through strategy that we align with our board on, and I think it was an exhaustive global strategy that we feel really good about being aligned on, which really gives us a better visibility to the types of deals that we're looking at. So we're always looking at building the funnel. But it's also about, you know, do they meet the strategy and then ultimately, are they cultural fits and are they financial fits? And so, right now, I'd say we have a strong funnel, but what makes it to a final acquisition stage also has to get through that cultural aspect and also the financial aspects.
John Stauch: Yes, we've been hesitant to try to unbundle the two, because there's the direct impact of the tariffs, but then there's really the indirect impact of tariffs and that's been the trick is to be comfortable identifying that. So when we think of our kind of inflation number in total, it's really the combined impact of both of those things and there's the direct impact that tariffs is not really that relevant, it's really more important to think about the total.
John Stauch: Yes, there's -- we have three different businesses underneath filtration. One is food and beverage. We have also a business focused on the industrial filtration side, and then the third one is our residential and commercial filtration where these two acquisitions fit. The residential and commercial has been relatively steady. It's a global business, and it's been growing in low-to mid-single digits for the last year or so. We have had a little bit of volatility as we mentioned earlier on some projects on the food and beverage side. We expect those to be behind us at the end of Q1. Don't want to continue those as an excuse, but we went out and really de-backlogged our large projects. On the food and beverage side, it really moved more to a component strategy which has also been a big lift to the margins in Filtration Solutions overall. So, once we get through Q1, we have that year-over-year impact behind us and then we are moving forward.
John Stauch: Yes, and sequentially we would expect the performance this year to roll in the next year. Obviously, the year-over-year impact will start to shrink as we realize that benefit of the mix in 2018.
John Stauch: Yes, no, I'd say -- right, we talked about the segment income margin assumptions, and we wouldn't go beyond that and talk about the gross margin assumptions.
John Stauch: Sure, I mean, we'll continue to monitor the inflationary environment, but we feel like what we've got reflected in our outlook is certainly based on what we see the landscape looks like and our pricing actions are in place. So we're going to remain nimble, but right now we think we've got the right assumptions built into our expectations.
John Stauch: Now, the comments last year on the timing of the price increase was really related to the pool season and the hesitancy to do an early price increase that would have put a price increase in the middle of the pool season, that's disruptive to the dealers and installers, but there is a time price increase that coincides with the pool season is what we talked about and that you know -- if that doesn't, we don't get pushback from our distributor or dealer channel as a result of that, so there hasn't been any blowback because of that.
Mark Borin: Yes, I talked about it in the Aquatics business and also referenced a little bit in Flow as well. And if you think about it, it's probably about one to two points of growth in 2018 that then presents a headwind for 2019.
Mark Borin: Sure. I think as you think about it amongst the three segments and then when you look at the segment performance in Q4 you can see that good performance in Aquatics and Filtration. And so really the productivity story for Q4 was driven by Flow Technologies. And they're main drivers of productivity there relate to some operational challenges in a couple of factories that manufacture large pumps. And so we saw that in Q4. The team has been focused on improving that, and we see that likely turning around in the first-half of 2019.
Mark Borin: As we think about kind of our overall guidance for 2019, we talked about price and inflation kind of offsetting each other, and then the margin expansion coming from volume and from incremental productivity.
Mark Borin: That would be consistent generally across all three segments. And no, we don't have specific guidance on segment profitability for 2019.
Mark Borin: I think if you think about our overall segment growth of 8% to 12%, and continued strong margins in aquatics and the upside that we talked about on flow technologies businesses that productivity in Q4 turns around, I think that would kind of frame the way to think about 2019 by segment.
Mark Borin: Yes, sure. I know that's a new data point. So, right at the end of 2018, the IRS published new regulations, and a lot of that related to them writing regulations around laws that were passed a year earlier. And specifically related to us, and not surprisingly part of our global structure, there were regulations specifically around the deductibility of interest in the United States, and it's those new regulations and the technical interpretation of those that applied to us, and that's where we see this headwind of 250 basis points, going from 18% to 20.5%. As I said in my prepared remarks, we've included that in our guidance for the year. The regulations are proposed right now, so they're not final. As proposed, they're effective as of January 1st, 2019, which is why we put them in our full-year guidance, but they wont actually get finalized, we don't think, until the end of June or perhaps early July. And so that's why we guided to 18% in Q1 because they wont have been finalized, so we wont implement them in Q1, and then we'll see what happens in Q2. And if they're revised or if they're kept the same as they were originally proposed, and then that'll inform the tax rate in Q2 and the true-up that would happen in Q2 to get to a full-year rate of 20.5%.
Mark Borin: That's right, so we're expecting to close sometime here in the back-half of the first quarter, and we've added them to guidance on that basis.
Mark Borin: Sure, yes. John had mentioned before that Q1 last year was a really strong quarter, so that certainly the year-over-year comps are a part of that. I talked about the guidance around the corporate investment being up slightly year-over-year, and a fair bit of that comes in the first quarter, in particular because of the timing of the separation last year, and that our standalone structure was in place from May 1st going forwards. So, those are really the key drivers, the underlying operating performance is not that significantly impacted as you look quarter-over-quarter.
Mark Borin: That's right, so that includes an assumption around the interest associated with the two acquisitions.
Mark Borin: We're always looking for opportunities to effectively manage our structure, just like any company. So, we'll -- the tax team will be looking to be as efficient as possible, but based on our existing structure, the 20.5% is our estimate for 2019 and would be our run rate going forward.
Mark Borin: Yes, most of the price was driven by the increases that we announced in Q3 and Q4 of 2018. And so it's pretty evenly spread throughout 2019. A little bit lower in the first quarter, and then slight ramp, but for the most part, pretty balanced.
Mark Borin: Yes, and also keep in mind about, you know, just a little under about 30% of that number as you do the math, next year is also wage inflation, you know, which is -- globally wages are up as well.
Mark Borin: Yes, sure. And price has a smaller impact in the Filtration business overall. John just talked about those three businesses price you really see that just in the residential and commercial side of the business. So it is less about price. It is about the mix as you referenced. And then also just core productivity in segment as they have opportunities to get after some of the lower productivity and lower margin businesses and improve that. So it's less price and more productivity and mix.
Mark Borin: Yes, we are after the end consumer. And we believe by being closer to the end consumer, we can bring those leads back to not only the acquisitions that we're looking at closing. And again, we need the regulatory approval to close them. But also those leads can be also served by our independent dealer channel. And I think it gives us an opportunity to give to the customer the right solution that they are looking for. And so, that's where we are going with ecommerce platform is to make sure we've got a targeted solution by ZIP code that meets the consumer needs and then ultimately bring in the right solution through all of our channels to that consumer, and we will continue to built that out over time, and we will share more information when it's available.
Mark Borin: Sure. So you're right, Aquatics is our strongest segment from a price perspective, so price certainly makes up a big chunk of the core sales growth for Aquatics. And then the remainder are coming from volume, and I mentioned in earlier questions around the impact of the pool and so thinking of 1% to 2% impact overall for the business and a lot of that coming from the Aquatics business. So that's factored into the way we think about our volume assumption for the year.
Mark Borin: Yes. And it's less than 4% of our revenue, and I am not apologizing for that. It's just wise. It's going to be a strategic growth investment and why we need to get behind it and grow at a much faster rate. 2018 was a really solid year for repositioning, we were able to get four, five, new products launched here in the back half of the year and through the ministry of health approvals in China. Then we also were able to make some pretty bold moves through our distributor channel, and move more direct so that we can participate in the e-commerce platforms in China. So I think we repositioned and did all that in 2018. You know, we were lower on the growth side in Q4, you know, probably closer to low single-digits. As we head forward we're expecting double-digit growth in 2019 to continue, and we would be very disappointed if we weren't closer to 15% to 20%, because again, we're starting from a relatively low base.
Mark Borin: Well, first of all, just in terms of determining price, so as I said the majority of that is from the actions that have already been taken, and then some that would -- still to be taken, but it's not going to be dependant on what happens with the status of the list three moving from 10% go 25%. And you know, how that all ultimately shakes out if and when that changes or who knows what else may happen with respect to tariffs, you know, that's yet to be seen. So right now our guidance is based on you know, the assumption that I talked about earlier. And we wouldn't expect that to change.
Mark Borin: Yes, I think it's a good catch, I mean, it is our most global business and we have a wider range on Filtration Solutions because we do have more than -- you know, half of our revenue come in from outside the United States, so we see that the U.S. economy remains strong, and we feel like there's no real reason why see slowdown in Europe right now and as we mentioned earlier, we do see some volatility in China. So I think the range is there, because of its global aspects, and also, some of the industries that they're serving, food and beverage and also the industrial investments being tied somewhat to -- just industrial on oil and gas, so again there's more volatility in those spaces, and so, we just included a wider range to capture that.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my call. Had a few questions, but maybe first just on the cadence for the year, the first quarter segment income growth of 2% to 5% versus -- 8% to 12%, I think you mentioned maybe the pull-forwards impacting the top line a little bit in the first quarter, but what's impacting the margins, is it just inflation still a drag in the first-half and it gets better in the second-half. Just curious if you could help understand the underlying factors behind the profit growth in the first quarter versus the full-year guide being a little bit lighter.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is Rebecca on for Brian. Just following up on the filtration margins that picked up this quarter, I was wondering how of that was shifting away from the lower margin productions versus if price helped at all. And then, how we should think about the trend for 2019.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, it's Jason on for Julian. Just one quick question on the pricing tailwind that three points expected in 2019, would the correct way to think about this be since it's contingent -- so, a portion of it is contingent upon offsetting a 25% of re-rating of tariffs…
