John Stauch: Thank you, Bob. Please turn to Slide 10 labeled Our Longer-Term Aspirations. Our first two years are focused on developing our new standalone strategy, aligning our organization to our strategy, improving our new product pipeline and growth capabilities, and developing the right operating rhythm. Growing the top-line organically, consistently and predictably is our main area of focus.  We start to growing the entire portfolio at least greater than GDP and delivering income from our core businesses, and we realize that not all businesses will contribute evenly, while we believe that our Consumer Solutions businesses are well-positioned to drive above average growth and are important to building out additional legs of the business and creating our future.  In addition, we continue to focus on improving our commercialization process, investing in our digital transformation to deliver more effortless customer experiences, and building our brand. We are focused on accelerating fewer, larger growth actions including expanding our content in pool and building out our residential water treatment offerings.  Within RFT, we are exploring a few promising growth areas around sustainable gas and smart solutions within our food and beverage business unit. In addition to growing organically, we believe that there are attractive areas to add tuck-in and bolt-on acquisitions. We expect this will primarily be within our residential, commercial water treatment business and includes both products and services.  The addition of Pelican and RainSoft portfolio have allowed us to both accelerate our learning and improve our growth performance. We are currently focused on building a robust opportunity funnel given many of the businesses we are looking at are smaller and privately owned. We are also focused on driving productivity and cash flow, while optimizing our ROIC.  PIMS, the Pentair Integrated Management System is an extensive toolkit that we must continue to deploy effectively. This includes not just our existing business and employees, but also future acquisitions and hires. We must ensure that PIMS is truly engrained in our DNA. We do not have a capital-intensive business and we believe this asset light business model will help us further optimize our longer-term investments.  We also believe there are further opportunities in our G&A spend that can become sources of self-funding for our growth investments. Our aspiration to become a top quartile performer in our space is well within our control and we believe we are well positioned across our portfolio.  Please turn to Slide 11 labeled Living Our “Win Right” Values Through ESG. One of the foundations of our culture is our longstanding commitment to our “Win Right” Values. These values help guide our organization which we work to achieve our highest potential. We are dedicated to holding ourselves accountable with the highest ethical standards as we drive to deliver on our commitments.  Our focus and our mission help to empower employees to make a difference within and beyond the workplace. As we experienced in our recent 2019 corporate responsibility report, sustainability is not an initiative, but it’s core to how we operate, the products we create and the customers we serve. Our goal is to demonstrate leadership as responsible corporate citizens in every country and community where we conduct business and whatever our products that put into use.  As we highlighted last quarter, over 60% of our solutions support water efficiency and roughly 75% of our solutions support energy efficiency. Our sustainable gas offerings are supporting CO2 reductions and reuse across the industry.  At Pentair, we are committed to building and advancing unity, equity and inclusion in our company and in our communities. We have amplified our focus on diversity and leadership roles and bench strength. We are committed to safety, and healthy workplace. We are focused on philanthropy and we walk the talk as our efforts spans six continents and reached more than 9.4 million in 2019.  We have strong governance practices. We have a diverse Board of Directors, which includes three female directors. The majority of our Board is independent and our Board is led by an independent, non-Executive Chairman.  We also have an anonymous employee helpline to report compliance or other concerns with dedicated compliance and audit functions. We also have a code of conduct in place for our employees and our suppliers to help align around responsible, sustainable business practices.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mariama for Q&A, after which I will have a few closing remarks. Mariama, please open the line for questions. Thank you.
John Stauch: Yes, we were very pleased as we mentioned in the prepared remarks. Coming into the quarter, demand was high, but making sure that we were able to fill that demand which was extremely important and we were able to ramp up manufacturing production significantly. So, again, pleased with the execution and very pleased with all of the works of our frontline workers.  The 46% was really as I mentioned across the board, across all product categories. Demand remains strong going into the fourth quarter and we are optimistic getting into 2021 as well. I would say that, I think a good way to look at that would be spread it over Q2 and Q3, because as mentioned in Bob’s remarks and talked for the last earnings call.  We were catching up and we still are catching up to what the demand is in the industry. As far as expansion on the pad, I mean, Bob mentioned, heaters is a category that has substantially grown this year. That would be another product that we probably added as far as the content on the pool and we are very pleased with our automation pull through over the last couple quarters as well.  And we think we are getting an uptick in our automation sales as more homeowners enjoy the ability to manage their pool more remotely or utilize it as it’s controlled through their iPhone. So, quite pleased with those two upticks. And as I mentioned, we ended the quarter even catching up as well. 
John Stauch: Yes, from an overall margin perspective and also mentioned this somewhat in the prepared remarks is that, we did have a catch up of items like compensation-related expenses in the quarter. Rebates were higher than typical as the pool revenue grew significantly again ramping up production, expediting inventory to make sure we capped up it with the demand.  But those were some of the headwinds that we saw in the quarter. I would say that that Q4 from a drop through perspective does return to more normalized levels. 
John Stauch: Yes. I would say that, from a pricing and productivity perspective, a lot of the benefits in those two areas were somewhat masked, pricing by the rebates and then productivity by some of the compensation-related cost and some of the expedited and ramp up cost relating to pool.  So below that, it was very much in line with kind of what we saw in Q2 and as I mentioned, price and productivity to do return to more normalized levels in the fourth quarter. 
John Stauch: Okay, I view, last year’s Q4 as having been a solid quarter. This year’s Q4. Pool will continue to grow significantly. Demand is good. We satisfy the natural demand here in the fourth quarter. So, pool continues to do well. The residential businesses continue to grow, so outside of pool and the residential piece within IFT, we continue to face headwinds on volume within commercial and industrial.  And so, that is what’s bringing the overall growth rate down. We are hard at work in terms of addressing productivity challenges within the IFT business. And so, as I mentioned, again in my prepared remarks, we expect that the demand to continue for full in the early part of the year and we expect that IFT productivity will improve as well. 
John Stauch: I think, Steve, we don’t guess the weather and COVID. We are expecting pool to have a very strong year next year, as well based upon the dealer activity and the pools and the pent-up capacity. Don’t know what it looks like by quarter yet. But I think Bob has given you a pretty good look at Q1 and Q2 easier compares and Q3 obviously we’ve discussed the growth maybe slightly more challenged.  But at the same time, we’ll probably have the same desires of the dealers in the channel to ensure the rebate is matched and I think we are expecting good year. And what we are doing now is, how do we get the IFT margins roll in. How do we get the year-over-year contributions of IFT to produce a lot of value next year. That’s how we are thinking about 2021, Steve, and we are excited about the way we expect to end. 
John Stauch: It really is volume related as was mentioned, our guide suggests, that’s down low single-digits in the fourth quarter. A strong pool offset by continued challenge in commercial and industrial. But price and productivity will return to more normalized levels, because they are facing the Q3 headwinds that we saw around rebates and catch-up compensation. 
John Stauch: Well, I think, we are starting to see the – we had the backlogs in – carried in from Q2 into Q3, Steve, that we’re able to shift through the backlog that we have and now we are trying to build the backlog, but mostly orders that we’ve taken in Q3 are really shippable next year.  So, we are not seeing our customers step up and want most of their products in IFT in Q4. And I think they are looking out in the horizon and trying to work more their deliveries in the next year. So, we’ll weather the storm in Q4 with IFT. But I do think we are starting to build the order rates and coming off the bottom as we look at IFT going forward. 
John Stauch: Yes. I agree you, Steve. I also just – I know where it’s usual compared to the most of the industrial companies. But Q4 is not a highly strong quarter for Pentair. What mitigates that a little bit is the pool early by in the shipments of pool into the channel. Other than that, we tend to have a slightly weaker industrial end sales. 
John Stauch: Hey, Steve, I know you’ve always been focused on cash. I did want to mention that we felt that linearity of operations to drive great cash flow and I just want to make a note that that came through this quarter. 
John Stauch: We are seeing a little bit of mixed challenges within the commercial and infrastructure space. We are hopeful that that then normalizes going into 2021. 
John Stauch: Well, two different answers. I mean, firstly, we are heading into next year, still catching up with the demand that we feel the dealer is trying to satisfy for the consumers. So we feel like we are going to be catching up for several quarters on the demand pull-through in pool. As it relates to DOE, I am always cautious on these transitions as to how the industry reaction and smooth that these transitions over time.  So, I don’t think there is a huge windfall necessarily in any one particular quarter. I think it plays out thoughtfully over time as people work around state-by-state and building out the inventory and still putting in the older product. The margin, actually the operating margin or the drop through margin on the variable speed is slightly lower, but the variable speed pump in itself is almost 1.8 times more expensive than the single speed.  So, overall, from a content and a simplification of our business model and giving people quite frankly a better pump, we think those things will work their way out over 2021 and 2022. But I think it will be a smoother transition over those periods. 
John Stauch: I certainly understand that the margins in IFT at this point in time are not where we want them. They are definitely not where leadership wants them. But I do want to complement the team. This is a truly global business. This is a hugely complex business. It’s an engineering oriented business and if COVID has been hard from a manufacturing standpoint across one part of the portfolio, it’s certainly been really hard to the IFT team.  That could be more proud of how they stepped up and they are answering the bell as far as getting their customers the products. Those are lot of inefficiencies in the way that you ship product or you deliver a product in an engineered order business when you got challenges as we are experiencing with stay home orders and COVID.  So, again, I just want to say that I think some of this is going to work its way out over time naturally as we get better at working through the new rules. The second piece is, we are seeing the activity around the focus in the portfolio.  We believe we have a really investible industrial business where we provide technology, especially smart technology, the membrane technology to a lot of sophisticated customers around the world that we are getting a lot of momentum on IoT related to those products.  We are also participating in CO2 recovery and CO2 use that’s getting a lot of push from the regulatories and it’s environmentally-friendly product. So really excited about some of those growth aspects. We got a good RNI business. It’s not going to be a rapid grower, but it’s got high margins and contributes nicely to the cash in the P&L and we got some project challenges in C&I.  But we got a new leader there and we are focused on what we need to do to write the shift there and make sure that we are going more after the aftermarket products, so less after the projects. But either we are going to see recovery in 2021 in a meaningful way in margin and IFT and I think over the longer haul, this is going to be a good contributor to Pentair’s portfolio. 
John Stauch: I would say that the catching up is generally a theme that applies across the portfolio. I think right now, we believe that inventory levels are correctly right sized with the exception of what we think is still a channel that needs more inventory for pool.  But I think most of our distributors and dealers are being prudent even in areas like commercial filtration where there hasn’t been any pre-stocking ahead of the expectation of restaurants opening or hospitality opening. So, I think right now, we are seeing a really nice situation where the demand is equal to the shipments that we are experiencing. 
John Stauch: There has been tremendous search demand. So people on the internet searching for water filtration or water treatment needs and Pentair isn’t a brand that you recognize if you do that and we are going to be. And the consumer cold demand that we think people want is the right solution for their particular need.  Water is not consistent both from an input across the world and it’s certainly not consistent from the way that you desire your water and Pentair has all the technology capability to take whatever input water you have and deliver the quality and the pace of the water that you want and that’s what we think the biggest opportunity for Pentair is and we think we have to build out the channel and the consumer pool and the demand and we have a lot of new products we are launching next year to do that to make you aware.  And the second piece would it be make sure that we are aligned with our service channel to be able to meet the demand and then give you the technology you need. So we’ve been at this for a couple of years. We’ve learned a lot from the Pelican and the Aquion acquisitions. And we are poised to really make a lot of progress in 2021 and 2022 around the residential water treatment side.  So we are excited, excited about the progress, excited about the learnings, and excited about the future. 
John Stauch: Yes, Deane, I mean, that’s really a reference to – there are franchises and/or restaurants mainly that don’t necessarily the higher wealth of the company-owned stores in which franchisees are buying a lot of equipment and we are really giving them an expertise and allowing them to lease those solutions from us, right.  And really building a connectivity between us and that end-customer and renting them or leasing them the solution instead of them buying the solution. That’s what total water management is about, Deane. 
John Stauch: Yes. We are obviously putting that unit into the field and instead of collecting the revenue from that unit at once, we are collecting that revenue over time as a way to promote our solutions. So, I mean, it’s in its infancy right now. Several million dollars of revenue, Deane.  And we just want to make sure it’s a solution that we have out there for our customers that they choose to rent that model and we are doing them an IoT enabled. So we know if they are being used and how they are being used and we have the ability to work with that partner to make sure they are optimizing their water experience. We are excited about that. 
John Stauch: I think it’d be higher than that, Jeff. I, for sure believe it’s double-digit as far as the underlying demand – actually double-digits. 
John Stauch: Yes, I can just focus. I mean, there are some of these businesses that it’s just doing the basics that’s going to generate 2% to 3% of growth and that’s okay. I think some of them are margin opportunity and let’s just do the 2% to 3% consistently and predictably every single quarter and let’s do it well. There is other businesses as I mentioned stable gas and our IoT offerings in F&B that have an opportunity to be high-single-digits over a cycle.  And that’s where we want to focus and so it’s really disciplined, Jeff. When you have projects in front of you, you could chase whatever projects you want and by the time you realize the lower margins, you are challenged and some of that still exists in this portfolio and we are working through that.  And that’s what we don’t want to do anymore. So we want each business to play its role in Pentair and by choosing what that is and making sure they are focused on it, I think they can be a big contributor to Pentair’s outcomes. 
John Stauch: No, Scott, I mean, it is simply this. The hardest thing for companies today is to produce a low end of the guidance range when incorporates which you think a hiccup related to COVID could be that is it.  We are guessing at that end of the range to, how a second wave or a third wave how wanted to describe the COVID might impact Pentair. We know nothing today that would suggest it. But when you put a range out there, we want to have a range that we can address throughout the quarter, that’s simply what it is, Scott. 
John Stauch: I hope so. I mean, we are continuing to look at options, Scott. I definitely look at M&As and accelerators to what we can do organically. Water treatment is definitely a focus area. I think where – that’s where the funnel is more robust and I certainly hope it’s accelerated. 
John Stauch: It was more in line with what you would have seen in Q2. So, and then again, I had mentioned that that will return in the fourth quarter. So, productivity continues to be a consistent enhancer of the margins. It’s just unfortunate that that in Q3 we caught up on compensation and on the pricing side had higher rebates. But behind the scenes or underneath that, our gross number is very much in line with what we saw in the second quarter. 
John Stauch: Yes, I can, Nathan. Let me just give you some – the way I think about it. I think, given the weather we know happen this year, because there was a good weather year. So let’s say nothing abnormal happened against this. We would expect it a double-digit full year, primarily because of the challenges we had last year and where we thought overall inventory was, I mean, overall double-digit.  I think, let’s say, we were close to mid-teens. I don’t think we are seeing more than the 5 point tailwind, in my opinion from what would be the COVID order rates, because I do think there is a constraint in the industry anyway.  I think what we are hearing and feeling is the demand is going to extend and that extension will be managed through the capacity that you are mentioning. So, that’s why we are sitting here today relatively confident we are going to have a good year next year. 
John Stauch: Nathan, I would not guess – I haven’t figured out 2021 yet, so to – just I am feeling 2022 is - like a COVID, I got elections, there is all kinds of things that have to unfold first. But I think which is being in people, I think people are really vacations might not be in the horizon and they are choosing destinations for second homes that they can retreat to and I think that has been a unique pull across the entire industry and most of those states are where a pool is in the backyard. 
John Stauch: Yes. I think, just to put in perspective, we have product categories that sit below our businesses and there is some 23 of them and when we talk about that, we're talking about averaging and if something is not able to grow, we would look at how it's doing across its cycle and is it still doing well relative to the cycle that it's in.  But we want to make sure predictably and consistently that we can deliver that core every single year and that it starts with a positive contribution to our shareowners. The second piece is now let's talk about the strategic growth of our plan on top of it and we are trying to get both and that's not something we've done consistently over time and I want to be consistent with both of those. We need a stable core growing and then a few incremental things you can put on top of it. And then if you could put M&A on top of that, now you are really – you are really lightened up and that's our goal.
John Stauch: No, I think we're still catching up. We are balanced across the rest of the portfolio, that's enough in pool. Yes.
John Stauch: While we are obviously, we are learning how to balance risks or opportunities all the time between tariffs and COVID and now election. I think, we are a sustainable solutions provider. So we would expect to benefit from any movement in green initiatives or societal changes that affect the environment in a positive way.
John Stauch: Yes. I think, listen, we – as Bob mentioned, we are deep in the planning cycle right now and one of the key inputs to any pricing decision is what are you seeing with inflation and what's going on with suppliers and material. And we'll make those assessments and based upon those assessments, we'll make sure that we're pricing effectively. So, this is the time we do that and if we need to make adjustments, we make adjustments.
John Stauch: We think of it as a three-year runway more or less linear, so not back-end loaded. So improvements. And again, as the improvement in margins will come in two forms, it will be some cost out, but also avoiding cost as revenue ramps. So, I think it's good that we've got a three-year past year and we are hard at work at operationalizing that improvement.
John Stauch: Yes. So – so simply stated, I think our normal seasonality is Q2 is our strongest quarter followed by Q3, Q4 and then Q1. And pool is the strongest in Q2 and Q3, because that - how it ramps for the season and then it usually has what's called an early buy, which is a level loading of the distribution base so that we can maintain our employment levels and satisfy the industry demand.  Other than that, we tend to see a tail-off with the Christmas season meaning that we've only produced probably to mid-December and shipping products in mid-December. So, the natural tendency is for Q4 to be a little soft across our particular lines. As Bob mentioned, we had a good Q4 last year. And so our IFT businesses, they are still experiencing that headwind on a year-over-year basis and that's simply what the challenge is in Q4.
John Stauch: Thank you for joining us today. We continue to believe that Pentair has a strong foundation and portfolio of businesses to build upon. We have a strong purpose, mission, and vision, focused on delivering smart, sustainable solutions that empower our customers make the most of life's most essential resources. We believe that we are in attractive spaces that are expanding.  We are a leader in the pool industry and our Water Treatment business is helping us become an even more integral player in both residential and commercial water treatment. We believe we have the right enterprise strategy, businesses, talent and culture. For our “Win Right” values to our Pentair Integrated Management System, we are enabling all of our employees to continuously improve.  Finally, we continue to prioritize providing superior customer experiences and delivering more predictable and consistent results. Thank you for your continued interest.  Mariama, you can conclude the call. Thank you.
Robert Fishman: Hey. This is, Bob. Let me take a shot at it and then I’ll let John add to it. He is probably better at predicting the weather than I am. But yes, we had to net Q1, Q2, Steve, basis easier comparisons, obviously within the pool business. Demand is strong in the fourth quarter and we expect it will remain strong in the – as we go into 2021.  So, feeling good about that. As we face the tougher comparison in the back half next year, primarily in Q3, we should have a number of things going our way. We will have a number of new product introductions.  We’ll have the DOE regulation. We’ll have the IFT business that’s facing softer compares and hopefully an improved capital spending outlook. So, those are the things that could help us in the back half. But in terms of the first half of the year, again, much of it is pool and residential-driven. 
Robert Fishman: At this time, now we continue to be hard at work driving those productivity improvements. I mean, the fact that we are booking compensation this year means that will be a headwind next year which can be a good thing. I had talked earlier about opportunities within G&A. We had a benchmarking study done and it’s apparent that our G&A structure is really sized more for a much larger company kind of post-spin.  And so, we have, call it a three to four year runway here to not only improve how we spend our G&A dollars but to get back closer to benchmark. That study suggested that our spend today is roughly 150 to 200 basis points higher than our peers. And so we’ve got an opportunity within G&A. We’ve got an opportunity within complexity reduction within the IFT business primarily in skew reduction.  There is also opportunities within supply chain and procurement to become more efficient. So, plenty of things that we are working on now that should drive margin expansion next year. 
Robert Fishman: Yes. Thank you for asking that. It’s been a great decision from my perspective to join Pentair. I could not be more pleased with the people that I work with on a day-to-day basis and the opportunity for the company. So, for me, that I have joined the company that has a great foundation. But there are opportunities for improvement.  The things that I am probably more focused on is around helping to drive consistent organic growth. We’ve implemented a number of processes around driving growth on a category level. We are developing better analytics.  So think of analytics of products and customers as opposed to necessarily just P&L. We have opportunities to drive efficiencies and margin expansion. And I am excited about both Consumer Solutions and IFT. So, from my perspective, a really great future here at Pentair and look forward to the start of 2021. 
Robert Fishman: From a buyback perspective, we start most years with the goal of buying back roughly $150 million of shares. This year we have done $115 million in the first quarter and then we suspended our buyback period our buybacks as we set free cash flow and liquidity.  Obviously, as free cash flow has been robust the last two quarters, we – you’ll see in the Q later today, we’ve removed the suspension around buybacks and certainly have that opportunity as we close out the year and move into next year. 
Robert Fishman: I’ll start on that one. Again, I view Q4 as being satisfying natural demand. So, really not dipping into early buys, which is a good situation as we get into 2021. And so, Q4 is all about delivering on the orders that we have. That then sets ourselves up for a good start to 2021 as we deliver on early buys and more of the standard orders that will come. 
Robert Fishman: Yes. We – our goal was to take out cost in line with the volume drop and we’ve done a reasonably good job there. A lot of hard work has gone on within manufacturing and supply chain. We continue to spend less on what we call purchase spend, discretionary spend.  We’ve renegotiated. We took a hard look at policies across the board from travel and entertainment all the way to how we train people, recruit, relocation. And so, those are finding their way through, as well and on a full year basis will help 2021. 
Robert Fishman: I'll take that. We've talked about emerging from COVID stronger. I would say that's an example. We've added second suppliers where it made sense closer to the markets we serve. But generally speaking, Q3 was a quarter of ramping up manufacturing productions, adding a second shift, adding more people. So, I do think we've addressed the supply chain challenges, but also given us more optionality around manufacturing production.
Robert Fishman: For free cash flow, again, our starting point is 100% of net income and that will continue to be our goal. I mean, to me, it speaks to the quality of the earnings that we have in here at Pentair. One thing as John alluded to was, there is nothing like linearity to improve free cash flow, either from a quarterly perspective or from an in-quarter perspective.  So, with the strength that we are seeing in pool, our factories are busy from the start of the quarter to the end of the quarter, and that revenue that comes in early in the quarter allows us to collect that by the end of the quarter.  So, I would say linearity will continue to be in our favor. We'll continue to drive free cash flow at or higher than net income. And also remain disciplined around things like CapEx.
