Robert Fishman: Yes. While we're pleased with the Q2 guide versus the prior year, it's not lost on us that with the demand that we're seeing in the overall business, not just pool, why couldn't we have done as well sequentially versus Q1. We look at that, and we do face some material shortages in key components, resins, motors, circuit boards. And while we have shown an improvement over the last couple of weeks, it is an impact to the second quarter. We're also facing some inflationary pressures in the second quarter. And while we have increased prices, most of that will read out in the back half. So we're doing everything we can to catch up and basically satisfy this increased demand, but there are some supply challenges that we are facing in the second quarter.
Robert Fishman: That is certainly our goal. Obviously, in the second quarter, we have the inflation challenge. But for the back half of the year, what you just mentioned is our goal. I did want to congratulate the operations team, the supply chain. A lot of the issues that we saw in 2020 as we ramped up production, we really addressed head on and did a nice job. So a lot of that productivity improvement is driving the leverage over a fixed cost base and driving the efficiencies in a really cost-effective manner.
Robert Fishman: Labor continues to be a challenge, and it's something that we need to address. It's -- in many places of the business, it's a challenge, to be totally honest. But we -- our guidance should not be impacted by that, but it's certainly on our radar screen.
Robert Fishman: Yes. I can take that one. Our mix remains fairly constant: roughly 20%, new pool; 20%, remodel; and roughly 60%, aftermarket.
Robert Fishman: In terms of the year, when you look at the -- what we guided for in Q2 and what that implies for the back half, it has slight revenue growth over some pretty big compares. So business did well in the back half last year. So we're pleased to see growth. Can we do better? Potentially. For us, we're also focused on margin. And while we will win the price cost war, there are continuing to be an element of strategic growth investments in the back half that are putting a little bit of a impact on our overall margin expansion. We think it's money well spent that will benefit 2022 and beyond, primarily in the pool space, in the water treatment side, but that does have an effect on our overall margin expansion.
Robert Fishman: We should see an improvement in price to, call it, 2.5% to 3%. I think earlier in the year, we were probably down in the low 2s. So we are seeing a nice uptick there.
Robert Fishman: Yes. For the back half of the year, so the headwind we are facing is continued higher inflation. But when you look at what we've done with price and the productivity that we're seeing, we will offset the inflationary headwind. So really, what it comes down to is if the higher end of our guidance does show some revenue growth, but the margin expansion is really impacted by the strategic growth investments that we're making in the back half.
Robert Fishman: Yes. For the second half, overall, again, if you take the higher end of guidance, you will see our Consumer Solutions grow. And then IFT, as we mentioned, will grow in the back half and for the full year, which is good to see. The question, I think, we have right now is can we drive have a better back half. And so again, not wanting to get ahead of ourselves, we have the natural demand that continues in many of our businesses. So at this point, I think our guidance is very prudent on the top line. And the question is can we do better.
Robert Fishman: Yes. Where we started with was the $866 million that we just did in Q1. And with the backlog we're seeing and the demand, the question is why couldn't we see that -- our top end of our guidance is closer to $830 million. So we really view it as in that space, the $30 million to $35 million as the art of the possible if the supply shortage weren't there. Now again, I'll echo John's comments and congratulate the supply team because two weeks ago, that number was double, and they're doing a nice job of improving the allocation that we're getting for those materials. So that's how I view it. Then on top of that is the inflationary headwinds that we're seeing in the second quarter.
Robert Fishman: Yes. We mentioned in the press release that we spent about $80 million or we'll be spending $80 million for Ken's. Think of that as about 1 times sales. And then from an EPS contribution perspective, it's -- in 2021, it's minimally accretive. We need to invest in the growth platform in that business. We really do believe it's foundational for bigger things in the future. So that's how we're thinking about Ken's contribution in 2021.
Robert Fishman: Yes. Just to help you quantify that, on our last call, we talked about that spend being roughly 1% of revenue. We spent a little bit of that in the first quarter. But as John mentioned, it does ramp as we head toward the back of the year. So think about a little bit more in Q2, but the majority of that spend, in Q3 and Q4.
Robert Fishman: It's really a combination of a number of things. I mean our OpEx spending from Q1 of the prior year had not come down. And so we're benefiting from the efficiencies that we drove in the last half of last year and into this year. We're also driving a lot more volume, and the team is doing a really good job to create leverage. But also a number of the issues from last year around expedites and inefficiencies as we ramped production lines were much better at driving that extra production. So it's really across the board that's driving that productivity benefit in Q1.
Robert Fishman: It's a combination again of things. We've added second shifts. We've also increased the number of production lines, for example, in heaters, investments that we made last year, so to satisfy demand. Certainly, for the current year, we're in good shape to -- going forward, as we look out a couple of years, there would be some investment required.
John Stauch: Yes. I think it's fair to say that there's an industry capacity constraint in overall pool that we're always working to the dealers, the pool builders, the availability of that as it relates to the consumer demand. As far as Texas goes, we did get a little nearer term on some of the break and fix that happened in Q1, but most of that will also be satisfied here in Q2 in the normal course of shipments. What I also alluded to in -- that Texas was more related to material supply chain challenges, and many of the resins are produced in that area of the country. And those -- that capacity is coming back online. It's getting better every day, but that's what Bob was referencing as well. So with that net, I can't call Texas a win for either Q1 or Q2. And I think it just goes into the overall demand being a large pool state that we always serve.
John Stauch: The new pools are definitely up large on a year-over-year basis, and we still see that trend continuing. But as an overall impact to the business, it's not as beneficial as continuing to build the aftermarket growth and the remodeling growth for us. That being said, every new pool that goes in, we want to convince those consumers and the pool dealers to put all the new content in and make those smart automated pools. And that adds to the aftermarket opportunity later as well.
John Stauch: I think, Mike, we're -- the way I'd say it right now is we're still trying to catch up. I mean the inventory in the channel is relatively low. We've been catching up since last year. We made -- I think you could see that we probably met sell-through demand in Q1. And we've got to do our best in Q2, Q3 and Q4 to catch up with the demand in the channel as well as continue to rebuild those inventory levels.
John Stauch: Yes. I think the biggest level of optimism we referenced is it's nice to see commercial filtration starting to at least move sequentially better. And I think we said for this particular full year, it's still not going to catch up to where it was, but it is good to see the openings and things starting to drive that commercial filtration space again. So that was encouraging in the quarter. We saw some sell-through better than Q4, and we think that continually sequentially gets better throughout the year. As far as Industrial & Flow, I think we saw more break and fix and certainly, the recovery of some of the break and fix in those spaces. But we also started to see quote activity, order activity and backlog start to really move sequentially, Mike. So I think those are definitely where I was referring to encouraging, and we weren't ready to call that earlier, and I think we're now saying that we're sequentially seeing ourselves come off the bottom in the IFT side.
John Stauch: Yes. Steve, I'll take the first part. I'll have Bob give you a little bit more of the details, but we've increased those prices across the board where we're going to. But we're still servicing some backlog on the old pricing that works its way through in Q2. So we don't expect to realize those price increases fully until Q3 and Q4.
John Stauch: We already have put it through, Steve. But we're still -- people bought -- we're still servicing the backlog, the product that -- yes, we took orders at preprice increases, so we're still servicing that in Q2.
John Stauch: Yes. That's a good question, Josh. And it's mostly on the upgrades, candidly. I mean we've got two things happening. We've got the sale of homes in warm weather climates have done really well, right? So we've seen a change and a big push to get to warm weather climates. And I think people are not traveling as much and using their backyard more as their vacation destination spot so they become more aware. Without a doubt, and we shared this, we've seen a lot better penetration than we've ever seen before as people want to extend the season and make sure that their pool water is the temperature that they want. But where we've been excited is we've seen the upgrades around the energy-efficient lighting, the automation and also the self-chlorination and the self-saltwater capability. So the maintenance of the pool side is well, Josh. So it's been a really good situation because the more we made those consumers aware, the more they were able to expand the offering. And we think the more that expands, the more people talk about it, and I think we believe that's a trend that's going to sustain.
John Stauch: Yes. So I think we'll tag team that one, Josh. I mean first of all, I just want to thank our supply team, and we've been doing everything we can to just, first and foremost, just try to access material -- and the raw materials that we need. And so I mean, I'm bringing that up because I think we're seeing two things happen. I mean we're doing everything we can to get the volume out. And we're not really spending time on negotiations as much as we're spending time on trying to get the available material, which leads into the inflation issues that Bob referenced earlier. And then Bob will give you the art of possible here.
John Stauch: Yes. I appreciate it, Rob. Thank you. I mean I think water treatment has been doing really well and also is residentially exposed. I would say our R&I flow business has also seen a nice pop on the IFT side relative to demand. And obviously, they're being overshadowed by the strength in pool and the success of pool. So it's great to talk about it, Rob. I mean I think we've got several things going on. We've definitely spent a lot of time upgrading our capability around our products to sell to the independent dealer channel. And people are more aware of the water in their home these days, and they're doing things to try to make it better, either to -- either for base reasons or trying to improve the overall benefits regarding their water. So we've got a lot of interest, and we've been expanding our portfolio to be more consumer-friendly. We've also, through the acquisitions that we purchased, through Pelican and RainSoft, have the direct access to the consumer through the affiliate channel and/or building out the services network ourselves. And so thank you for noticing that growth. We feel we're making great progress there, and we're excited. And that's why I'm excited about Ken's. I mean we just now put a services extension on top of our ability to sell products into the foodservice space, where we've always had a nice product offering. And that allows us to create end-to-end solutions, inclusive of the service and the ability to take care of the customer when the customer needs us to show up. So really building out that part of the portfolio, and we really like the momentum, and we're seeing the fruits of the work.
John Stauch: It's generally the same, Jeff. We're comfortable in that 35% drop-through, which we actually did in Q1. And it might vary a little bit based upon the price cost squeeze. And then the only thing that's different in the back half of the year is those accelerated investments as Bob mentioned. So that's it. And you might ask why is those investments delayed. It's not like we did anything differently. We're trying to get those people in place and the assets that we're at to, digital, IoT, smart connected solutions, I mean, those are tight labor markets with a lot of people chasing the same skill set. So it's just more of a timing issue to put them in. And then we're also expanding the markets that we're serving. And so that's the investments that we're really talking about in the back half of the year. We think about it as that 35% is drop-through, and then it's only muted by any incremental investment that Bob mention
John Stauch: The answer to the second one is yes. We're hopeful we catch up throughout the quarter. And if we're not, we're expecting that to be early Q3 when we get that supply chain. As Bob said, the supply chain issue is getting better every single day. It's just a matter of how we muted them or mitigated enough to be able to solve it by the end of Q2. As far as the early buy, I mean, just remind you, I mean, this is a seasonable business. It's not necessarily cyclical where we do the early buy in pool. And we're trying to manage our capacity levels. So we're not spiking our labor and then laying the labor off. So we work to trying to fulfill those labor outlets. And basically, when you get this type of demand, there really isn't room for that early buy because you're full out trying to meet the ongoing demand and you're working through that season, Jeff. So you're right. I mean it feels like it didn't necessarily happen, and I would just say that it didn't shift. It just got to the need to sell to the market need.
John Stauch: Yes. I'll let Bob give you the details. I do want to say one more thing. I have had a partnership with Ken's for some time. And Ken is someone we admire in his ability to have worked with his customer set and built intimacy around real needs for foodservice customers and the projects and the services that he provides. And he's built this business over his career, and we're excited that he's going to come and partner with us and be a part of our team and help us expand this. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's not just growing his service levels, which I think we can do. It's also about them having the insights as to what other products those customers need and expanding our offering beyond just our water treatment that we sell to those customers. So I'm really excited strategically. And some of the best deals take the longest to get to the finish line, and we're just really happy that he trusted us and he's willing to be part of the Pentair family. And Bob, do you want to give the...
John Stauch: Yes. I mean the percentages seem exciting, right? And I just want to keep reminding us that we're not anywhere near where we were pre-pandemic levels. But sequentially, as things open up, we're seeing things definitely feel better. And I think sometime in the 2022 time frame, we expect to be back to where we were. While restaurants are opening across the United States, they're a little bit slower to open in Europe. They have been opening very rapidly in China. But we've not yet seen the hospitality play, and that's the one that we'd also like to see, the hotels opening to the levels that they were before. But sequentially, definitely better and working our way toward hopefully getting back to where we were sometime next year.
John Stauch: Yes. So first of all, I'm really proud of Jerome and team for the discipline because, as I said many times, I mean, we could chase growth here with some of the lower-margin projects, and that's not what we want to do. We want to use our configure to order and specification capability to win projects that either meet our margin potential or provide the aftermarket opportunities that we want to invest in. So we're trying to be disciplined. And I don't want to say we're muting because we're focused, and there's a lot of growth to be had around our core capabilities and skill sets. And I think where we have the right to compete and the right to win, that's where we're focusing. And I think that's going to produce a better set of business opportunities for us that produce the margin profiles that we desire. We've seen these businesses that are more cyclical in nature come back really strong. And then all of a sudden, you get all these projects, and then your cost to serve gets higher than the actual quote. And that's not what we're doing here. These are projects that we feel confident with and comfortable with and that they meet our skill sets, and that will lead to the profitability profile, for one.
John Stauch: Maybe. I mean I think my focus has been and our team's focus has been that we've carved out some specific areas that we think we want to grow. And we think we've got the organic capability to really grow. Now we always have to trade the make versus buy, right? Are we better off doing it ourselves? Or are we better buying the capability needed? Sometimes you don't have the channel reach, sometimes you don't have the brand or the skill sets. When we look at our spaces, there isn't really a large one that we need, and there's not really a large one that's available. And so I kind of like the path we're on, and I'm hopeful that more of these start to accelerate and that they add to our capability but don't distract us from the strategy that we're embarking upon.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean I think we're really pleased with the cash flow generation progress we've made. I think Bob mentioned in his prepared remarks, we had a couple -- we have bond maturing and we had a little bit of cash flow need, and we usually utilize cash in Q1. But given where we sit right now, I think we're committed to the buyback that we said we would this year. And I think that still gives us capacity to do any strategic bolt-on deals that become available in the near term.
John Stauch: Yes. So I mean, just to clarify, Deane, I mean, we've always had our pool ScreenLogic app that's been out there, and we're pleased with the progress on the pool side. And it's -- where we've launched that new app was on the water treatment side. And yes, we've got a couple of new exciting products. We got the under sink Easy Flow, and we've got the salt sensor that we've launched. And we feel good about those and the connectability. Growing pains? Yes, right? We're servicing a new customer, and we've got tweaks. I think the soft launch, I would describe as successful, but now we've got a little bit of work to do to make it the ultimate product that the consumer desires.
John Stauch: Yes. Deane, and I appreciate it. I mean I'm really excited about one in pool, and this might be where you were focused. We launched a side stream filtration product in a soft launch basis. So we're seeing amazing results as far as the clarity of the pool water by putting what was the CPT X-flow membranes on the side of a regular pool filter application. And that smart filter capability that we have in the soft launch applications has really demonstrated superior results. So that one, I'm really excited because that's a category that we haven't really seen new product introductions in pool for some period of time. And then on the Consumer Solutions side, it's really about connecting to that app that we mentioned around the smart product launches, the technologies. And then the most exciting one we have is this acquisition, Rocean, that we purchased and more of a countertop POU unit that will be launched either later this year or early next year.
John Stauch: Well, we're going to make you wait because we want you there on June 10. But I think you can expect that we're going to talk about the fact that we think we have great well-positioned businesses. I want to talk a little bit about the strategic growth investments we're making, Deane, and why do we feel good about these investments and show you a little bit of the progress along the way. I'm going to give you some insights on how I think the transformation office that we're leading and how that transformation can create value and help fund this organic growth. And then I'm probably going to share with you that we've got a strong balance sheet, as previously highlighted here, and give some indications of how do we use that balance sheet to create incremental value as well. So that's probably what we're going to talk about. And of course, no Investor Day would be fulsome without Dr. Phil sharing you with some sneak previews that were we're going to bring the technology at Pentair and why we're excited about the longer-term technology investments.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean -- I don't know, Bob, if you have that exact. I mean we're still down single digits in Q1 in the commercial water treatment. I think we're expecting to be inching hopefully, I mean, we got an easier compare in Q2, candidly. I mean just to remind you that the Q1 impact last year was muted as far as COVID, and then this is our first year-over-year comparison. And Q2 is where commercial filtration took a deep, steep decline. So you're going to see a pretty nice growth rate for them in Q2, but it's nowhere near where the 2019 levels were, but getting better off at the Q1 run rate.
John Stauch: No. I think at that level, we would expect to see that more flatten from a year-over-year standpoint because then, we've jump-started these programs, got the right people in. And then we're in more of a percentage of sales basis.
John Stauch: I understand the question. We get asked that all the time, but here's the way I look at it. We move -- we help you move, enjoy and improve your water. And the move side is the $1 billion on the IFT side that directly correlates with that phrase. And very important -- I mean, it's hard to produce any water application without moving the water through some type of pumping application. And we like our portfolio there. We have an opportunity to improve it, focus it and really expand the margins, which I'm comfortable that Jerome and team is working on. And then we've got a really nice set of industrial assets, and there is some cross-utilization. The membranes that we talk about on the industrial side are the membranes that are servicing this pool filter that I mentioned and also, hopefully, will be the foundation for our salt-free softener that we'll introduce in water treatment in the next several years. So I think there's cross -- a lot more cross synergies. I think with the IFT side, it's about focusing it, returning its ROS to historical levels and making sure that we're disciplined with where we grow and how we grow.
John Stauch: We need price and productivity both to offset inflation for the full year. That's what we said. And in Q2, as you imagine, when you're catching up in the channels, we are -- most of your orders there are at pre new price levels, and that's what we're still fulfilling, and the material supply has risen pretty rapidly here from a cost perspective. Everything sold in Q3 and beyond carries a new price -- selling price with it. And therefore, we see more of a positive contribution in Q3 and Q4 than we see the headwind in Q2.
John Stauch: I mean I think they're -- have always been a formidable competitor. And I think to your point, they may be a more formidable competitor. I think the way I look at it, Scott, is it works its way through the way we think about our transformation. And we have to treat our pool business as if it was this independent business that's got to compete every single day with the agility and the flexibility against a set of competitors. We can't slow it down. So we're really working with our pool leadership team, and Mario is doing this in Consumer Solutions to make sure they have what they need to continue to stay in front. And so we welcome the challenge. I think it's going to make us better. And you want strong competition because that generally makes you a better company. And I ultimately think this will certainly put a kick in our butt, and we'll start moving forward at a faster rate.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean I think simply put, our industrial, more capital-intensive businesses, that need that capital investment to spur the demand. So it's really more in the industrial side we're seeing a pop. And then we're seeing some movement in the infrastructure side on our -- in the commercial and industrial side of our flow business. Those will be the two areas that we're encouraged by the trends.
John Stauch: Thank you, Stephanie, and thank you for joining us today. We believe Pentair is in the right space for the future. We believe we have great well-positioned businesses. We are accelerating investments in focused, higher-growth, strategic priorities. This includes our leading pool business and our growing water treatment business. Transformation is important to us, and we believe that our focus on our transformation efforts will drive higher levels of accountability and performance. Transformation should help us better allocate our resources as well as drive longer-term margin expansion. Our balance sheet remains quite strong, and we believe this provides an additional lever of value creation. Thank you for your continued interest, and we look forward to sharing more of our story at our Investor Day on June 10. Stephanie, you can conclude the call.
