Randall J. Hogan: Thank you, John. Please turn to Slide #13, labeled Summary. To close, it was a very busy quarter for Pentair. But just as important, it is a quarter that marked the beginning of the latest chapter in our company's history. Our third quarter base performance met our expectations, as we continue to navigate through a challenging top line environment and highlighted the price and productivity, are truly hallmarks of Pentair's operational discipline. Day 1 execution went smoother than expected, and that has allowed us to accelerate some of the integration and standardization efforts. We've already completed our corporate staffing, we've identified over half of our sourcing target, and our teams are making progress in changing signs, websites, brand transitions, to name just a few. We continue to get more excited about the potential for revenue synergies, based on some early reads we have seen. Pentair has been on the journey with PIMS for well over a decade, and we're excited about expanding PIMS to the new Flow Control GBUs. We have already trained 10% of the Flow Control employees in Lean Enterprise. And that's a good beginning. We remain on track to deliver legacy Pentair 2012 results. We're also starting to see some market tailwinds emerge, particularly in the North American residential market where it appears we are no longer just bouncing along the bottom, but are now rebounding albeit at a moderate pace. We begun to see signs of a similar rebound in commercial markets. Municipal has grown its backlog, and we continue to see strength in Energy and Agriculture. We'll be hosting our 2012 Investor and Analyst Day on November 27 in New York, at which time, we will look forward to sharing our optimism regarding synergies, in addition to providing more detailed guidance for 2013, for the new Pentair. Operator, we can take questions now.
Randall J. Hogan: The other thing that's going on, they were on a September fiscal, and we're shifting the Flow Control over to the calendar fiscal that Pentair has been on traditionally. So this is kind of a stub quarter. And so I don't think that there's -- there's certainly nothing in the outlook that shows any kind of discontinuous change in their sales rate.
Randall J. Hogan: And I think, just to be clear, the things that were in the script, John's script, those are ongoing, the 5 and the -- the $5 million of corporate add, the $5 million of IST, but what isn't is, is the $35 million or so, right, of additional costs that is just sort of transitional-related. Taken down, we're changing all the signs and some of this one-off intense training that's going on around LEAN, et cetera. That will -- that is not sustaining.
Randall J. Hogan: Our focus right now is to chip everything that everyone asks for and it impacts our residential pump business. That's where we see the impact the most. And as we said, through the first 3 quarters, we had no weather-related sales. So we will see what it is. But I mean, our focus is on shipping right now and that with expediting and all, we haven't really tried to quantify a financial impact yet.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, there's probably -- there's probably $10 million of extra sales that are going to happen, and maybe more, and what -- I just don't know what the profit will be on that because we're expedite -- we spooled [ph] up our plants and we're shipping out all the inventory we have, so our focus is on getting the pumps there and we're in a position to do it. So...
Randall J. Hogan: Well, in -- for the whole new Pentair, residential is still 20% of our sales, and the U.S. is probably 12% out of the total, right? So it's over 50% of the -- a little higher, 15 -- okay, 15% of -- between 12% and 15% of total new Pentair sales. So we still have a substantial exposure to that market. There is always a lag -- and where we're seeing the residential improvement is things -- for instance, we talked about the flood-related SKUs that are getting shipped now, those we didn't see anything. The place we saw them was in the pumps that are related to building out subdivisions and those -- or in the water softener area we mentioned. Those are the places we're beginning to see the signs of stabilization, or return to normal. But we do see a lag on that, particularly on, well, really on the pump side and on the filtration side. It is going to be 6 months to a year.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, our intent is to talk in more detail just about -- not just about the idea of synergies, but give you some specific examples of ones that are being worked. What we did in the pre -- the reason -- what we've done prior to close is we had a Clean team looking at revenue, we had a Clean team looking sourcing. And so we've been able -- we've hit the ground running as we look at some of those. And we'll -- we have to get permission to use as a case study, the one that I referenced in my -- we don't have permission from the customer yet to talk about it, so -- but we intend to on this 27th. And so we'll give you specific examples and then also how we'll go after it.
Randall J. Hogan: The other thing is we're shifting it to talk about it on the basis that we talk about it. And it's probably about 100 basis point difference between corporate cost, and we push more cost down, I think, than Tyco did. I'm not sure about that but...
Randall J. Hogan: Well, the Resi Flow was actually down because there was no weather-related activities in the third quarter. But there's good trends in the Residential Flow. And there's actually good trends in the Engineered Flow side. I referenced in my script that customer service has improved and that's why we think we're getting higher wins. Frankly, I'm not sure it's the market. I think we're correcting some -- now that we've combined them, we frankly are having better focus on execution. And our deliveries have improved, our overdue backlog is down and as a result, I think we're winning more. So that's what's helping in the Engineered Flow side.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, I mean, the more rural, the greater the Flow intensity. A rural home would have 5 pumps in it, a multifamily would have less than 1 per unit. So it really depends on how it comes forward. As John said, the data is very promising. The orders are slow in coming. But we look at housing sales because as money goes into houses, that's when people fix their water softeners. That's when people add filtration systems. That's really good for the Filtration business. And then on the pump side, it's either break or fix or it's new homes. That basically drives that. And then Pool is, well, Pool's been growing despite the fact that new pools aren't being built. So there -- as Sun Belt housing picks up again, the Pool business will pick up again. And we don't think that, that we'll diminish at all the greater content and the sustainable trend going to a variable speed and higher levels of control and elimination of chlorine, et cetera. All these trends that we're -- that our business are leaders in.
Randall J. Hogan: It's interesting. In China, that hurt both Tech products and our Water Purification business the most, Water Purification, where we've enjoyed a lot of growth in our Residential Filtration business as we serve China. As you know, what's happened with China housing, that slowed down. So that's pretty much flat. And some of the telecom and Datacom downturn is actually in China. So....
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I mean, in this particular case, we're talking about a $2 million win becoming a $4 million win. It was double that and it's relationships that should go beyond the project. But it'll still be, as they build out, it will become a standard approach, we would hope. Not that they won't compete big projects every time, but...
Randall J. Hogan: And vice versa, the Valves & Controls valve, they don't -- they didn't qualify with this customer, so...
Randall J. Hogan: As we -- and it's a great question because the reason we affirm what we said is because we -- the macro is worse, and we'll talk about this on a lot more detail. But you can expect us to come back with a more moderate outlook for what the markets are going to do for us. But we feel better about the synergies that we can drive and bring home. And it's really that. It's really the fact that we believe more strongly that the synergies are going to read out. We have more insights into them. So even though the top line in the -- is going to be lower, the bottom line should be still a reasonable goal for us to deliver to shareholders. And it's -- the revenue synergies are becoming more real. As we get belly-to-belly, I mean, this job we talked about, not just impressive that the client sought this out, but the fact that these 2 teams came together the first time they met and made it happen. Pretty -- it was something that we're very proud of. And then -- so it's really those things. Yes, remember, when we set those goals, it was basically top-to-top dialogue between 6 people on their side and 6 people on our side. So there was a, I would say, a proper scaling of how it would all come together then. And now, while the pieces will be different, we still think the objectives are good.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, I mean, actually, we -- as I mentioned, we've been out to see 30 -- we've been out to 30 of the facilities, the Flow Control facilities. And these are high-quality facilities. These are operating people and we're having a really good time getting to know the businesses. But the investments and -- Tyco knew this. I mean, a lot of the investments, if you will, hadn't been gotten to a lot of the investments required to eliminate some of the complexity. When I go around the Valves & Controls, it feels like walking around Enclosures 14 years ago to me. It -- all that promise and too much complexity. They have 43 factories, 37 ERPs, incredibly strong brands, great quality, people that are embracing PIMS faster than -- not just in Valves & Controls, but I was in Redwood City last week and touring that. It's a Raychem facility, that's in Thermal Management. And there were folks from our Pool. They're LEAN rangers from our Moorpark Pool facility, were up there working with them, doing 5S [ph] Kaizens. It's just really exciting to see these kind of -- the way the teams come together. Yes, it's honeymoon and I'm a CEO and all CEOs are optimists, so -- but nevertheless, I look at Valves & Controls and I'd say that there -- whatever there, 12%, 13%, Enclosures was at 9% in 1998, a profitability of 9%. Now it's 20%. And it won't take us 14 years for this. We know how to do it now. Well, I mean that's kind of why I'm optimistic. Not kind of -- that is why I'm optimistic.
Randall J. Hogan: We -- yes, we have -- they have combined sewer and rainwater systems over there. And I think we're in about -- of the main 18 or 19 stations in New York City, I think we have the pumps in 16 or 17 of them. So we expect those pumps are working away right now to help pump out the city. And ultimately, what that would mean in terms of follow-on service, or parts, I don't know. The -- and I'm sure we have other pumps that are flown through our distribution side as the larger pumps, split case pumps, whatever, going into service right now. I don't have as good a window on that right now.
Randall J. Hogan: So I think we have 7 more, so we'll do our best to be brief with the answers. But I'd like to get through all the 7 questions if we could.
Randall J. Hogan: We continue to invest in gaining position in the infrastructure space outside of -- outside the United States and we have a decent position in process technologies in that. We've seen some slowdowns in projects there. But we'd like to grow our share in pumps. And we think one of the opportunities synergistically between -- in the new Pentair is larger pumps in Australia, which is a nice market; large pumps in the Middle East, which is a nice market. So we -- we're -- that's one of the synergies that we are exploring right now. But the U.S. still remains -- it -- I submit until the U.S. government and local governments are able to put more money into water, it's a break and fix world. And it's been that way for 40 years and it's going to be that way until something changes. And I don't think that is going to happen anytime soon.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes. The way we've thought about it is sort of it will fall off after maybe a couple of years, start falling off by the end of '15. It should be pretty much integrated into other things, I would think.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, and the things where, really, we saw a decline was Germany. In our Technical Products and our Flow Technologies business, Germany is a really important market. And so Germany went late into this decline, but they're in it. So -- and I'm not sure Germany has bottomed yet.
John L. Stauch: Yes, Steve, a couple of things. This is John. First of all, yes, I mean, I think you know that revenue guidance is our view of kind of where the business is going. We haven't had the opportunity, but we will be, in the next 30 days, just scrubbing the backlog, understanding all those order takes, and be able to be very confident in what we see. Relying on what was provided though, and this was a company responsible for providing the same types of guidelines and the same types of systems we do, it is a near record backlog in Valves & Controls. It continues to build orders, at probably the mid single-digit rate growth, and we're very optimistic that we're getting to set a pretty good time in the Energy cycle. Also in the Q4 numbers, we've put in, as I mentioned in my script, about $25 million of transition costs associated with the things that Randy and I were mentioning. We want to accelerate and start in January 1, with great momentum on what we're going to do with the new Pentair. And there's also about $8 million to $10 million of costs in the base numbers of Flow Control related to the segment costs, which will go into the GBU, coming to corporate will be eliminated. So I think when you take that out and you put the share count and tax rate back to where we had -- where we think it'll be at the start of next year, you'll get close basically neutral to what would have been the Pentair guidance. There's a lot of moving pieces in Q4. We don't know what purchase accounting in final is, we don't know what the amortization is, and we've got a lot of things and a lot of work left in the next 30 days.
John L. Stauch: Well, those are actually all in adjusted, Steve. Some of those reflect what the full year run rates would be on an ongoing basis. And obviously, we're ramping up to those numbers.
John L. Stauch: The good news, Steve, is we do ramp-up for the anticipated weather seasons. We had a lot of inventory to be able to ship and the downside is it's a 20%-ish margin and you're dividing by 200 million shares, so I mean...
John L. Stauch: No, I agree with Randy. I think we got to remember, there's $1.5 billion installed base on the Flow Control side, with, as Randy mentioned, premium products. That's where the biggest opportunity in the short run would be, is making sure that we're pricing those effectively and we're not entering into discussions with customers, packaged between the installed base and the new opportunities. And I think we break that out, and think about its installed base, and treating that more like what we do in the Pentair side.
John L. Stauch: Right, project service, and then looking at the original equipment or the brand new orders, differently, I think that's the biggest opportunity.
John L. Stauch: I think if you take a look at the $900 million and you average somewhere around a 13%-ish margin, that's where we see it coming in on prior. And as Randy mentioned, we are doing a lot of things in those businesses to accelerate getting to January 1 in a very clean position as the new Pentair. So I think you're seeing a red hit really on those businesses.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I mean, I think we're feeling good about plus 15% to 19-ish percent growth in backlog. And as we start to ship that, as you mentioned, we get some pretty easy comparisons. So I think the tailwinds for Flow are set nicely as we head into 2013.
John L. Stauch: Well, I mean in that section of the business, I think your mid-single-digits growth for Flow is the way we probably look at next year.
John L. Stauch: We are getting price increases. That's one big piece of the component that Randy mentioned. And the other one is as we're challenged in the Datacom and telecom, that was fairly low-margin business. And what's still growing is in the North American Industrial segment, which is very high margins. So we're getting a margin lift from losing the revenue in the areas that are low and gaining it in the areas that are high.
John L. Stauch: It's ahead. I think we felt that we gave a reasonable estimate out there with about $60 million. And just to remind everyone, that was about $40 million of indirect and $20 million of direct. Just from experiences, previously, it takes a while to get to direct because you got to turn the existing inventory levels, you got to re-quote everything, got to redesign some things. So when we take a look at where we're at now, we're slightly ahead of schedule and feeling good about the incremental pipeline that we have. I think if you think about the nature of these businesses, there's some natural purchasing points where if you think about the valves purchases overall and the benefit that, that can have to Pentair, and you think what we do on the Pentair side, the benefit it can have over the Valves & Controls and the thermal side. So we feel very good about where we're at and we're building the commodity organizations to make sure we go after and get it.
John L. Stauch: But we clearly think that this is a high single digit growth over the next several years. And we believe that if you take the drought-related SKUs out of 2012, and obviously, some of that will level off with the shipments that Randy mentioned in Q4, we're going to be at that level this year.
John L. Stauch: We did grow high single digits in Q3 in China, which is the first quarter this year that we saw that type of growth.
John L. Stauch: Legacy Pentair? I think I don't have the exact number on that, Chris. I can tell you that we're looking at taking a fairly sizable cost out action as we head into 2013, and we're looking at somewhere around $60 million to $75 million of cost out that we want and that's consistent with what we said. We're looking at those actions, about 50% on the Pentair side and 50% on the new Flow Control businesses. So that's our targets right now and working to the actual details, but that kind of helps quantify it. And we look at $0.50 on the dollar from a cost perspective. That's a reasonable estimate at the moment.
John L. Stauch: Yes, there's obviously areas will come together like fast-growth markets, where we look to have one common -- face the market on a Pentair and there's obviously some back-office consolidation opportunities there. That would be a kind of a cross company view. Clearly, some of the systems that we put in across the entire enterprise would be a cross company view. And then it's really about the standardization opportunity in each GBU or each business. And those are just as abundant on the Water & Fluid side at Pentair as it is on the valves and control side of Flow Control. And obviously, we're looking to maximize payback here Chris so...
John L. Stauch: It was a great space for the customer as far as going forward and offering the different valves between the 2 different units, which we're allowed to capture more of the share, right? So we make, on the CPT side, some very high-end valves. But we sometimes pass it up, some of the other...
John L. Stauch: Yes, the first 400 million was placed in and we're obviously subject to rules around average trading volumes or whatever, so you can assume that, that's being done on some type of average basis over the first 4 months, which would be October through January. As it pertains to the remaining 800 million on approval, I'm obviously will be in a position to share more of that with you later. But obviously, we would like to get the capital structure in line as rapidly as our debt levels allow us to.
John L. Stauch: No, actually, I think that's the one we're probably the most confident in because we've done a lot new product content in there, drive energy efficiency. And what we've said constantly is the pool builder or the pool owner today tends to be on the higher end or more affluent buyer. And most of those pools are purchased more cash base. And you're looking at about a 10% new pool permits to the housing starts number because just the way the patterns get built. So I actually think that's the one we're most confident in. The ones that we have to do a little bit more work with, which we're still confident in, are the rural versus urban builds and how that impacts our particular sales into those housing.
John L. Stauch: Josh, I did everything not to give you that number and I don't feel comfortable giving you that number right now, and I will give you that on November 27 because there are things like acquisitions, divestitures, those types of components that I would need to do a full reconciliation on to share that with you. I think you can look at organic order trend rates and sort of where we were in prior quarters and get a pretty good indication that we don't see things are slowing.
John L. Stauch: We really have a seasonality that's fairly predictable and normal, and it kind of falls around the fact that you take a look at equipment protection or Technical Solutions, there's a couple less weeks of buying due to the Christmas holiday and kind of how the season unfolds. So it's just a little bit less contribution on top of the fact that this is the only reason that, that margin really turns downward. In the legacy Water -- and Fluid businesses, it's more of just where the contribution is coming from in terms of the seasonality. And we do really well in the North American residential side. And that season begins to end throughout Q3. It's a little trend, so I think you see in the margin expansion year-over-year, it's generally in line.
John L. Stauch: Yes, it's -- that's $23 million that you see on the -- under the op income. The majority of that is the incremental amortization.
John L. Stauch: Yes. Well, the depreciation remains in the business because most of those -- most of the depreciation isn't really adjusted because of the timing. Yes, and what happens is all of the other...
John L. Stauch: This is incremental. All the other assets get revalued and that becomes the incremental amortization.
John L. Stauch: No, we would expect to add -- yes. On an ongoing rate next year, we would expect $20 million incremental IST cost and roughly $20 million of incremental Corp cost that would come into Pentair primarily around tax, treasury and the addition of other functions to support the new Swiss structure. And so that's a full run rate is what that's expecting. And then there is some segment cost, which I mentioned is still in that contribution from Flow Control, which should be part of the business unit operation synergies over time.
John L. Stauch: I agree it would rise. I know where you're going with this, Scott. I'm not -- I don't know what the legacy EPS guidance for next year would be, but I think we would expect some growth, absolutely.
John L. Stauch: It's totally timing right now. The biggest piece of the reduction will come in the form of a debt pushdown structure. And once we choose that interest rate to push down at, we are locking in for a long term on that interest rate. And obviously, we want to choose that carefully. So we will have it in place, we'll be ready to fully go, but we're trying to get to the right answer for the ongoing Pentair.
John L. Stauch: I mean just to remind you, the corporate cost that we were receiving in Tyco Flow was more of a $2 billion standalone. And we were able to do this deal before most of those people were put in place, which is good news for the people and good news for us. So we're really adding to the Pentair corporate cost, and you'll see those there as about $40 million of incremental cost that we expect to put in.
John L. Stauch: I wouldn't say it's new. I think it was something that normally would've been done over time. We're trying to get as much as possible behind us before we hit the ground on January 1. So we're taking a look at every single one of those decisions in the context of the IST and saying, how do we feel about this brand, how do we feel about the investments, how do we feel about the marketing, what we're doing, and accelerating those decisions as quickly as possible.
John L. Stauch: The tax is based upon what is the ongoing rate of Tyco Flow, and the rate that we're experiencing is slightly higher than what we would have anticipated. At the same time, the synergies, the tax synergies that we're going after at this point exceed what we originally thought. So at this particular point in time, I am pretty confident with the 25%. And we're also confident that long term, we can get closer to 20% or below 20% like most Swiss-based companies. And those things will require from the 25% on down, incremental strategic actions beyond the debt pushdown. And we're prioritizing those right now because a lot of those align perfectly with what the business wants to do anyway around driving functional excellence or headquartering in certain locations. So I feel right now, we're on pace to do what we said.
John L. Stauch: Yes, the interest rate is lower than what we would've anticipated. And we want to make sure whatever interest rate we choose and put in, we can live with for the next 10 years.
John L. Stauch: We, on a volume basis, were down low single digits in Q3. And that compares to being down double digits in Q1 and Q2. So we're starting to anniversary some of the easier comparisons and we're not expecting it to get much better. I mean, we're flattish in Q4. But we saw a pretty steady correction or pretty sharp correction, I should say, last Q4, primarily in Water Purification. And right now, we're not feeling that level of distributor destocking that we saw last year. And that's why we feel fairly comfortable to say it's stabilizing. I don't think it's recovering. I don't think we're trying to...
John L. Stauch: Nothing material. I mean, I think, keep in mind that these are fairly local purchases with pretty steady channels. And I don't think people are chasing volume right now. So I think you're seeing the pricing in line with what we've seen prior, in line with expectations.
