John Stauch: So far, Mike, I would say things are playing out exactly like we thought and hoped for with the exception of maybe within our Flow segment, the Residential side and the Ag-side being a little weaker as we progress through the end of the year. Other than that, everything is generally in line with our previous expectations.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean just to reiterate what Bob said, I think we've done a nice job of refocusing the business and driving transformation. One thing that really kind of helps is, if you think about Flow. There is a business inside of Flow. It's our sustainable gas business, which last year had several larger losing projects, and we've been able to right-size that business and bring those project executions back up to, let's call it, low single-digit margins. But we are getting a very favorable year-over-year comparison against those performance last year. So we do think this is a good starting point. And as we move through the year, we're going to continue to manage the mix and drive the transformation programs and really pleased with the Flow performance.
John Stauch: Yes, to the second one. But we do feel there's some encouraging trends that will give us feeling that our dealers will start to take more orders, which would extend into '25 and '26. I think with all the new Pools being built, there probably wasn't as much attention being spent to getting the remodel sequenced and completed. And I think we're encouraged that we're now seeing that part of the market get some demand from our customers and again, this is primarily in the key Sunbelt states and more on aged Pools.
John Stauch: Yes, on Ice. I think Ice is going to play out right now the way we expected it to. And as a reminder, as Bob said, tough compare in Q2. But overall, I think it's going to come in line with our expectation. And still has resilience in the end industry, and we're feeling good about our filtration penetration, combined with that BU to drive it. We are going to dial our services business into more profitable annuity-based services as we exited some of the larger programs that we were doing with some of the large fast food companies and some of those were not very profitable, and we want to refocus the business into a simpler mix of service, more geared to the products that we install and so we will see that be a little lumpy throughout the year as well.
John Stauch: Yes, I think we're still hopeful we can get price to offset cost. I mean we did see a little incremental inflation start to enter Q1 into Q2. I think it's primarily around what we'd call freight and probably specifically copper. So we're monitoring that, Steve. If needed, we would go back out and see what we could recover from a price standpoint. And our goal is to, for the full year, try to offset price and cost.
John Stauch: Yes. We're still in that 2% for price and think about 3% inflation on the cost base. Those two would roughly offset from a dollar perspective.
John Stauch: We expect Pool to have a very significant contribution in Q2 given its rate of growth and the fact that we, as Bob mentioned, we had some incremental investments to get the product prepared to ship in Q2. And so think about that as labor being roughly flat from Q1 to Q2, but getting a lot more revenue in Q2. So that would be a huge contribution. Corporate is always a timing issue. Also, Bob didn't mention that, but we have higher corporate expenses that run in Q1 typical in the industry and so that usually comes down as it heads into Q2 as well. But I think the rate of contribution will be the same for the other segments and then we get the step-up in Pool.
John Stauch: And then on the channel side, I think we're at normal levels. I think right now, we're working with our channel partners, and we're generally shipping through in the same quarter with being bought. So I feel like all that's behind us here in the Q2.
John Stauch: Yes, Jeff, I appreciate the question. I mean just -- as a reminder, I mean, Pool markets are -- and sell-through on a normal market basis still be down mid-single-digits. So we're benefiting from those year-over-year easier compares as we ramp up and no longer have those inventory headwinds. And then I feel like we've got better insights and into the sell-throughs and the way that we now can work to get those shipments out in five days, where we're tying the shipments to the sell-through. So, yes, it does feel better and it feels like more normal, which is why we use the word normalized for a period of time. So I feel good about that. Interest rates are going to be pesky. And I think it's affecting the financing. It's affecting dealer financing and the sense of where they're getting their working capital loans from, it is going to continue to challenge the industry. And also, when interest rates are like this, we don't see movement from people selling their house and buying another house, which are what our business tends to like, the water doesn't taste the same and then you invest in a water filtration system. So Jeff, we could use those lower interest rates at some point to send a signal that things are going to be brighter. And I think that, that's what we're reflecting in the -- in our current hold of the full year forecast. And then we feel confident we have transformation and we have cost out initiatives to make up the gaps if we continue to see this be challenged as we head through the back half of the year.
John Stauch: I think this year, short-term, no. Clearly, the deal is going to take a while to complete. I mean I think all we can do right now is take Home Depot and SRS Heritage on their words and what they're saying right now is they expect to run that independently and continue to service the pro channel. And for now, that's the way we would see it unfolding and therefore not a short-term impact that we anticipate.
John Stauch: From an overall end market perspective, I would say it's more the latter, Nathan, in terms of, we can't with interest rates the way they are and people not buying new homes get too much ahead of ourselves on the residential side. So pleased to see that the decline year-on-year is improving for the last four or five quarters. But again it's not as robust as we would like it to be.
John Stauch: Not that we're aware of, Nathan. I mean right now, we would say that sell-throughs matching sell-in generally across the industry.
John Stauch: Yes. So we're doing a good job utilizing the pricing playbooks that we have and I'm really proud of the businesses utilizing those tools to affect outcomes strategically in their business. And again, this is just more strategic pricing and more thoughtful value-based pricing. That being said, I said this in Investor Day, and I have now gone through a full session of training. I kick myself for not having done 80/20 sooner. Because what we're learning from 80/20 is the complexity in the portfolio is all being treated equally. And what we need to do is think of our A parts or our top parts to our top customers getting differential treatment and that's where we can be more innovative. That's where we can spend our energies for sourcing and pricing effectively. And then we get like most companies, you get all the complexity that you introduced over time, either the secondary parts of those top customers or secondary parts to what you call the lower-end customers, that drive the complexity in the organization and drive too many resources where there's very little impact that you can have. I mean, Deane, I'll give you this. I mean, think about any regulatory change and thinking about how you treat that equally, it should really just be focused on your top parts to your top customers to your top regions, right? So we're going to get a lot of value from that. And I think it comes from the complexity reduction, but I think it's really more of a growth tool because it's going to allow us to double down and really focus our innovative efforts to the top products that we have into the top end markets that we have with our best customers.
John Stauch: I mean it's still about where it used to be, Deane. And I think -- we think this year will be a higher level of penetration as people have time to think. And our dealers have time to get caught up and learn and then be more productive in how they help the end customers get what they need. I think we have to make it simpler and we have to take the complexity out of that portfolio as well. And then I think we also have to think about how do we bring the right value proposition for the overall pad and I think those two things will help us really change and accelerate that penetration rate.
John Stauch: It's strongly in the second, to be honest. I mean, it balances out between Q4 and Q1, but most of this is about servicing the Pool channel in the season, which will be Q2 and then adjusting within season, which would be Q3 for us.
John Stauch: Well, we're going to have strong cash flow in Q2, we expect, as we normally seasonally do. And then as Bob mentioned, I think our first step is we just got to reinstate buyback kind of to offset dilution and get that back as part of the capital allocation strategy. And then we're always looking at potential bolt-on M&A and pleased that we're at least seeing some things now and if we can transact them or get them over the finish line, that's yet to be determined. And we got valuations, we've got performance that has to be looked at. But ultimately, I think we're excited that we're at least looking at things again.
John Stauch: Two particular markets. It's water supply, water disposal. North America, which specifically is in ground well pumps and what you'd say is pivot spray irrigation. That's it. I think it was just clear to us within the quarter that it's not worth running any promos or specials or thinking about dealer stock outs that we really just have to understand that the market is going to be softer and work within that softer market to drive the transformation levers that we need.
John Stauch: Yeah, Pool has got the -- yeah, Pool has got the year-over-year inventory tailwinds, which are helpful, again, still mid-single-digits down and from a market perspective. And then residential water treatment saw severely -- severe jobs in their outlook last year. And so they're really more sequentially flat as they're moving throughout the year here, which if you said that's a sign of positive, they're not down substantially. But they're not seeing signs of improvement either as some of those higher-end systems require financing to move them.
John Stauch: Right now, we're thinking about exactly the same as in our original guide. And it's down versus historical standards. But I think overall, from an industry perspective, we're working within that context and no update at this time.
John Stauch: Yes. Again, we're pleased at the -- on our last earnings call, we talked about EPS being down slightly in the first half, and now we're at the point where it's roughly 50-50. So again, the strength of the first half is reading out. And we feel strongly that the momentum will continue in the second half that's in line with traditionally how the business is operated roughly 50-50.
John Stauch: I think I would just say the normal cadence of our business would be generally the same or if not more skewed a little bit more to Q3 versus Q4. Most of our dealer trade businesses, which is 75% of what we do, don't see a very strong close to the year. Most people don't want them inside their homes or during the holidays. And then we don't have that normal industrial cycle where there's a push to ship everything by the end of the year. The things that will skew that is depending on what the Pool season is for the subsequent year and then that sometimes leads to stronger earlier shipments in Q4, and we have no idea what that's going to look like at this stage.
John Stauch: We would agree with that, that the majority is the shorter cycle and that backlog would be lower at the end of this year as the more normal operating conditions continue.
John Stauch: Yes. Strategic pricing would do two things. First of all, it helps you have confidence that the price you set is the right value that you should expect, meaning you looked at the features and you priced accordingly. The second thing it allows you to do is hold firmer on your rebate structures. So that's usually where the net pricing benefit comes on. So there's list pricing, which is usually higher. And then what did you net or what did you realize I don't know if we have next year's dialed in yet, but we usually drive it to be, as Bob said, price offsetting cost. And when we take a look at material inflation and costs, we're going to try to drive enough pricing actions to at least be neutral along those two elements.
John Stauch: I think it's a great question. I think 80/20 helps optimize the current revenue streams you have, but it also needs to apply to your focus on what you think you can do to make a larger impact in the future and I think we're getting better at choosing fewer, more impactful innovation projects. And I'm still behind what we're doing with the whole home system that we're working on. And I do believe that there's a strong progress around that and the more awareness we get in water and homes, and the more people are concerned about what they're consuming and drinking, I think that's better for us. The reason I don't get all pounding the table on the movements on the regulatory side is we just don't see people running out right now to buy the current products that we have that actually create or solve the problems today. So there has to be something else that occurs to get the consumer focused. And as you look at the longer term, I think we're very energetic. I think the shorter term, we're less optimistic that we're going to see a shorter-term impact.
John Stauch: Yes. With Pools incremental volume growth being offset a little bit by the year-over-year impacts in Water Solutions, but you're not far off.
John Stauch: Thank you for joining us. In closing, I want to reiterate our key themes. First, solid execution across our balanced water portfolio drove significant margin expansion for the eighth consecutive quarter. Second, we are reiterating our full year 2024 guidance which reflects confidence in our strategy while continuing to monitor uncertainty across the macroeconomic and geopolitical landscape. We are mitigating risk where we can and being more agile as we expect to achieve new performance records in 2024 and drive long-term shareholder value. Third, we are pleased with our progress on our transformation initiatives, which we expect to continue to drive strong margin expansion. And finally, we expect to continue to deliver value creation beyond the 2024 fiscal year. Thank you, everyone, and have a great day.
Bob Fishman: It really is. On the Flow side, we were extremely pleased with the ROS expansion in Q1. And again, we've said that they will be one of the main beneficiaries of the transformation program. So I expect the segment to continue to expand their ROS year-on-year because a lot of the play there is around strategic sourcing, the pricing excellence, the operational footprint, and basically the complexity reduction play.
Bob Fishman: Yes. In my prepared remarks, I did mention that ROS and Pool will increase year-on-year for the balance of the year. So comfortable that we'll see ROS expansion within the Pool business. I think Q1 was a little bit unusual and that the volume was declining, but we have significant growth in Q2. And so some of the costs, the ramp-up of cost to service the strong Q2, obviously put a damper on the margins in the first quarter. We also are continuing to invest to drive growth and transformation wasn't where we needed it to be within the Pool business. But those investments will pay off and further ROS expansion down the road. So again, comfortable with the ROS expansion in Pool, the remainder of the year. And again, as we ramp to significant growth in Q2, that will become a big manufacturing leverage play as well.
Bob Fishman: From a top line perspective, it's important to remind everyone what a large quarter Q2 was last year, especially within the Ice business. So we do see a decline year-on-year within Water Solutions as they bump up against that tough compare. So think of the Ice business and services having a bit of a headwind and then the filtration business continuing to grow nicely.
Bob Fishman: Yes. Again, we were pleased with the transformation readout in Flow and Water Solutions, but it was offset somewhat by the negative productivity and Pool as we ramp up for Q2, still feeling very comfortable with the $75 million number and think of that as being fairly linear over the next three quarters.
Bob Fishman: I agree with the comment that the cash flow is providing strong optionality for us. What was interesting is we started the year thinking there would be three rate cuts. We've now built into our guidance of $100 million of interest expense, no rate cuts. So we think that's prudent. We were able to keep the interest expense the same as our previous guide, primarily because the free cash flow is happening earlier in the year. So we look forward to a strong Q2 in free cash flow. To your point, we're right within our target range. We think there continues to be a debt reduction play to help the EPS. We'll restart the share repurchases to offset dilution and then there remains optionality in terms of what drives the highest shareholder value.
Bob Fishman: From our perspective, inventory from a days on hand is still significantly higher. We go back to 2019 and see each of the segments has room for improvement. That being said, year-on-year, we were down roughly 10 days from an inventory on hand perspective. So we're moving in the right direction. To bring down those inventories, the volume will certainly help in the second quarter, but we're not quite where we want it to be.
Bob Fishman: I would start by saying the midpoint of our guide does suggest that we're slightly higher than the 22%. And overall, for the reasons you mentioned, there's potential upside on that ROS expansion. So I like the idea that price is going to offset inflation, transformation then drive that ROS expansion. And then mix can play in it plus or minus. We got -- we saw some favorable mix in Q1, but having a slightly lower Ice business, that's a profitable business as an example. So price offsetting inflation, factoring in mix and then transformation potentially reading out better could drive an improved ROS expansion story.
Bob Fishman: Yes. In terms of reading out, we've captured $4 million of the $75 million. And then -- our view is that the remaining $70 million is fairly linear over the next three quarters.
