Bob Fishman: Yeah, I would agree with your numbers. So ROS expansion will continue in the first quarter as we drive approximately 150 basis points of ROS expansion for the full year and as you'd expect, with Q2 being our largest quarter, the ROS expansion will be significant in Q2 and will also play out well as we close out the year in Q3 and Q4. 
Bob Fishman: Yeah, I understand. Thank you for the question, Julian. So as we look at 2024 in the context of the walks, we're thinking that price will offset inflation. So think roughly two points of price offsetting inflation. That would mean that in order to grow to the midpoint of our guidance, we'll have, roughly $40 million of volume. That $40 million is compared to the negative $460 million that we saw in 2023. So when we talk about moving to a more normalized environment, we are very pleased that the challenging years are behind us and we can start to grow. That's really how you bridge the revenue piece.  When you move over to segment income, the price of, call it two points, will offset inflation, will get some drop through, call it in the 30% range of that $40 million of income. And that leaves you with roughly $75 million of Transformation to drive the 150 basis points of ROS expansion. That $75 million compares to the $67 million that we did in 2023, but it also includes us making investments back into the business. So as we drive innovation in places like commercial water and Flow and Pool, as we look to drive opportunities to improve and make life easier for our dealers and distributors, that's all included in that net $75 million number. And that's the bridge that would take you from the $855 million of income in 2023 to the midpoint guide of around $940 million. I hope that's helpful.
Bob Fishman: Yeah, that's really how we do view it. We expect growth to return in Q2. Again, Q2 is historically our largest quarter. We had a big Q2 in 2023, but we still expect growth and then we continue to grow in Q3 and Q4. 
Bob Fishman: Yeah, we're pleased with what we're seeing in terms of Transformation reading out. It was $29 million in both Q3 and Q4 of 2023. And as I just mentioned, we're looking at roughly a net $75 million number in 2024. When we look at the funnel, we would expect those type of Transformation numbers to continue over the next couple of years. We think the funnel supports the various waves, whether it's pricing, sourcing, the operations or the org excellence. So we think it's going to create runway for us over the next couple of years, for sure. 
Bob Fishman: Yeah, I would just add that historically Ice is a mid-single digit grower. When we look back at the CAGR, that's historically what they've grown. The 23% increase in 2023 included some nice wins in China and working down the backlog. So as we look to 2024, we would expect that business to take a little bit of a breather down mid-single digits. But good news is that the business unit commercial water will actually grow low-single digits. So you're seeing some benefit of filtration business as well as some of the synergies coming from the Ice acquisition but being captured within services and filtration. So overall could not be more pleased with how Ice is performing and continue to, once we get through 2024, be back on that mid-single digit type trajectory.
Bob Fishman: Yeah, early buy came back to more normal levels in the fourth quarter. But again, as we typically do that, that gets spread between Q4 and Q1. So in line with historically how it's done, in fact, the early buy component in terms of shipment in Q4 was probably a little bit less than historically what we've done.
Bob Fishman: Yeah, based into the assumptions that we gave, the $100 million of interest expense and the share count, we have assumed share buyback resumes to offset dilution. So typically, Q1 is a negative free cash flow quarter, but we would also start a share buyback later in the year, is what's based into our assumptions currently. 
Bob Fishman: It's primarily the Wave 1 on the sourcing side. Again, just as a reminder, Wave 1 last year looked at electronics, motors, maintenance, repair and operations, packaging, logistics. So we're at the point where that'll start making its way into the P&L and very early stages of Wave 2. Wave 2 looked at metals, moldings, resins, ocean raid and purchase finished goods. So I think we've got a nice cadence there of the Wave 1 reading out in 2024 and Wave 2 will straddle ’24 and ’25. We'll also start to see some benefits from both the pricing excellence and the operations. On the pricing excellence, we've now rolled the strategic playbook out to almost all of the different categories and [TMs]. So again, good cadence there from a Transformation perspective.
John Stauch: That's two questions with a lot of subparts. But let me see if I can summarize it. I mean, first of all, we have given two numbers on the inventory piece. We've given $150 million and $120 million. I just want to remind everybody it's about a $150 million for Pentair from the end of Q1 to the end of Q4 2023. On a year-over-year basis, it's actually closer to $120 million, which is, you know, then if you think about exactly what you're saying, you take our reported sales, add the $120 million, you'll get to the conclusion that price and volume is down.  And I think that reflects several factors. One is that we expect new Pool builds to decline only modestly but then we are not so sure what's going to happen with remodeled pools. And we're also expecting some level of discretionary purchases in the aftermarket in the first half for sure, as people are maybe a little more cautionary, depending on where the interest rates are. Net-net, it's still a fundamentally good growth rate for us as we set up the year. And we're expecting really good conversion of ROS on that contribution.
John Stauch: Yeah, let me just give some color and I'll let Bob close out. I think we enter 2024, especially in the Q1 phase with much more normalized backlog levels. We still grew nicely in Q4 Manitowoc and we expect to grow again in Q1. So I think we're at normal levels. Just as a reminder, this business was only taking 60 days to 75 days of orders. So the backlog was more relative to what the nearer term dynamics were, Nathan, not some level of large backlog that wouldn't be used in the future.  So obviously we had a great 2023. This business contributed nicely to overall Water Solutions and overall Pentair and we couldn't be more pleased where we are. And 2024 is more about getting the filtration synergies lined up along with the Manitowoc Ice acquisition. They're the same business unit and when we gave the numbers of what we expected this business to achieve in the longer term of 2025, it was inclusive of those revenue synergies on both the services side and the filtration side. So very pleased where we are and very excited about the contribution we'll see in 2024 and beyond.
John Stauch: Yeah, there is easier comps but it's also the most global of the businesses inside that portfolio, Mike, so we're balancing off Europe, China and North America and while the comps are easier in North America, we do expect some return to growth. We're not yet seeing the interest rate environment propel new housing starts and/or a lot more movements which is usually key indicators to drive that business. But we're at levels now where we're definitely growing off of these compares in North America but we're anticipating a little bit more choppier outcomes in China and Europe in that business. So net-net probably slightly down but getting closer to flat. 
John Stauch: You expect a net price benefit and a contribution in line with the way that Bob shared it across the total Pentair portfolio and the offsets to that would be the volume which would be the market challenges.
John Stauch: Yeah, so I'm a couple dynamics there. I mean, just as a reminder, price in Q4 does also reflect on some of our early buy. So it's not the largest contribution to price in the quarter. Absent that, we were pretty much signaling that we would get closer to price offsetting cost versus having benefited substantially from price being much higher than cost in the first half of the year. So it came in line with expectations. And I think as you head forward, it's probably going to be a little bit better. As Bob said, we now expect it to be offsetting throughout 2024.
John Stauch: Yeah, and on the break fix, Jeff, I will concede that we probably have what I'd call a more cautious outlook, I would not call it conservatism, I call it more realistic. And we just don't know how the interest rate environment is going to affect the consumer being more thoughtful on what's discretionary, not discretionary on the pad. Clearly, we expect products like pumps and filters to be replaced as needed to keep the pool running. But some of your heaters, especially on the high end and/or some of your lighting could see some consumer discretion push those off a quarter or two.  That's just our outlook. I don't say that that's right. I think it's better to take that slant and maybe err to the fact that if that doesn't happen, we're going to see, a higher level of growth versus taking a more optimistic view and then having to reset the guide again to the lower end in Pool. So I would be very clear, I don't know. It's just what we have in our particular view.
John Stauch: And again, that's just to offset dilution at the moment. I think where we're at from a debt to EBITDA is prudent. I think at these particular interest rate levels, I think the focus still is on debt reduction. And the way we're going to look at incremental buyback or M&A is what long-term value does it create for the share owner and therefore which one's the best course of action.
John Stauch: You know, Brett, we've got to leave some information for Analyst Day to make sure everybody attends, comes and listens to us. And we'll go in a lot more detail as to how we see all of those Waves working and connected to what the segment expectations will be as well. 
John Stauch: It doesn't vary greatly across the segments as far as the expectation. And yes, they are all announced and implemented at this stage.
John Stauch: Yeah, let me simplify it. I mean, right now we're seeing great traction, especially with Manitowoc and also then the filtrations of Everpure, through distributors into key accounts and also working our way through synergies there. I just want to mention that our services business had a very large project that it worked in 2022, which was for a large customer, the install of frozen carbonated beverages. And we ran up against the year-over-year headwind in that business in Q4. But if you actually look at the filtration and the Manitowoc, contributing nicely and it's just offset slightly by the headwind of the services business.
John Stauch: Yeah, so thank you for the question. I mean, we've had pretty nice steady order rates and steady deliveries. And what we do is very, very important because we're turning waste into value for a lot of our key customers. And we're seeing continued investment in that because it drives productivity for them. It's also a big sustainability play for them. So it's an area where doing the right thing for the planet also means a really good value for the customer. And so we've seen a steady order view there and we feel like we're well positioned heading into 2024.  On the commercial side, our larger pump business has benefited from, expansion of what I call mainly infrastructure types of projects and the continued build out in North America related to data centers, warehouses, etc. And we continue to see that trend as we enter 2024 holding up nicely as well.
John Stauch: Yeah, I know. I appreciate the question, Deane. And I will spend a little bit of time on this at the Analyst Day in March. But just to share with you how I'm thinking, the relabeling of Flow was actually more of a branding exercise. You know, we want to have a web presence where we can tell our story and flow represents 9.99% of everything we do and the former Industrial & Flow Technologies, well, we just didn't think worked as a naming nomenclature. So that's all it was. It's also shorter, which makes producing reports easier. And that's a big deal, right?  But ultimately, Deane, the way I think of the company is we're a $1.5 billion in separations and membrane technologies. We're about a $1.5 billion of pumps across the enterprise. And then even some of our specialty applications like heating and cooling of ice, a rise in $800 million, which leaves you a couple $100 million of lighting and $100 million of other. So when you think of the portfolio, we're not geared to residential other than that's where our dealer base is. And that's where our strength and our presence has been generally accepted around our brands. But as a reminder, we do a couple of hundred million dollars industrial wastewater today. That's in the Flow side and we'll continue to build out that capability and technology to continually take advantage of water reuse projects around the world.  So, it’s -- we are -- we believe this business naturally fits and we're going to demonstrate that we use those membranes that are used for industrial wastewater applications. We're bringing those back into the residential applications and we think it's going to give us a differentiated technology advantage as we do so. So really excited about the cross-pollination of technology and really excited about how the segments are working together, while also maximizing what we think is the revenue opportunities within their individual swim lanes. 
John Stauch: It's not a lot. Just, you know if you thought about $10 million to $20 million of reinvestment into the areas of sales and marketing, innovation, digitization, capturing data upstream and bringing that data to help our dealers be successful. And then really just automating the experience between our dealers and our distributors and us, are the two biggest opportunities we have. And then we got some excitement around three or four of these innovation projects that we'll talk about further, Steve, at the Analyst Day. And I want to continue to invest in them because I think they could be game changers in the long haul. So I'm really pleased with the level of transpiration we're realizing and, you know, these are good businesses that we want to add a little bit of investment back into.
John Stauch: Yeah, you know, I hate ever using the word conservatism. I think we definitely have a funnel that would suggest we could realize more. And certainly, at the upper end of the range, we would be realizing more. So I think right now, as we sit here and we don't see any definitive movement in interest rates for the rest of the year, we haven't planned on any in this forecast. You know, we think we're well balanced in the way we're positioning this.
John Stauch: Well, thank you for joining the call today. In closing, I want to reiterate some key themes on Slide 27. First, our balanced water portfolio and Transformation initiatives continue to drive significant margin expansion in 2023. Second, we initiated 2024 guidance with expected growth in sales and profitability, reflecting confidence in our strategy and execution across the company. Third, our Transformation initiatives have gained momentum in 2023, with expectations to drive further margin expansion in 2024. And finally, we believe our focused growth strategy and solid execution are building a solid foundation for long-term growth, profitability, and shareholder value. Drew, that does conclude the call.
