John Stauch: We still feel that we'll be in that 150 to 200 basis points range. Water was impacted slightly in Q2 by some sales rebates in our Pool business, which -- those come in as we forecast what the business is going to do for the full season. And that was a few million dollars in the quarter. That won't impact the full year with the timing issue between Q2 and Q3.
John Stauch: Pool grew around 6%, 7% in the quarter,7% as Randy mentioned. We probably got a point of share from adding dealers. Now we do have a retail component in there that we're building out pretty aggressively, and that was a piece of it as well.
John Stauch: Yes, it's -- what we've done is our previous guidance around 32% for the year, did not reflect the impact that CPT has on the overall tax rate. So as we look at our full year estimates of both the base business and CPT, the ongoing tax rate now is around 30.5%. That is inclusive of the double taxing of the bonds, as I shared in my comments.
John Stauch: Yes. So I mean the difference between the 3 and 5 reflect a little bit better performance in the business, and maybe a $0.01 extra in tax.
John Stauch: Yes, geography is. I mean, the interest is going up substantially, right? And then the tax rate is getting better. That's why we were sharing with you the little chart on slide. Well, we did a little waterfall graph on Page 10, because that's the way to do CPT. And that will help as you look at the geography, and then you think of the impact of CPT.
John Stauch: It's a great question. If we take CPT and GIWW out of the equation, because we're looking at this ourselves, our incremental margins at this segment line were over 35%, and expected to be 35% for the full year. We obviously have slightly higher corporate cost as we're still continuing to invest in marketing and our sales offices globally. And it's north of 30% at the overall Pentair level. Clearly, for CPT, we're in the process of figuring out what those incremental margins should look like. For CPT, I think we're expecting more of the 20% type of incremental. And we would still be targeting our base business to be north of 30%, and we got to figure out what the mix is. And the difference is they're project-based business, did not go out at the type of incremental margins that a component-based business would be. And there are some exciting opportunities, as Randy mentioned, where we continue to build out reference sites but at the same time, starting to place more projects into some key vertical markets. So I'd say right now, between the component mix and the project mix, 20% incremental for CPT is the more credible number right now.
John Stauch: Yes, for Q3 and Q4, in our corporate guidance, we have between $15 million and $16 million a quarter. It usually runs a little higher in the beginning of the year. We have the accelerated accruals and the stock options and those types of things. And the variability in corporate flops around between the medical expenses. But I mean, we're not seeing anything unusual at the moment. So I'd say between 15% to 16% in both Q3 and Q4 is the general run rate of corporate.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, for us, just to set the basis, and we didn't have a Q3 earnings guidance out there. We had a back half. And historically, for us, Q3 and Q4 are relatively flat with each other with the difference being that we have less of a pool season in Q3, more of pool season in Q4 is the early buy. And then some of the residential businesses are stronger in Q3 and fall off in Q4. That's just the normal trend. But Q3 and Q4 tend to be generally the same. What's happening in the dynamic is last year was helped by GIWW in Q3. And that's why I think that distribution was set off. And overall, we've learned a lot more about CPT. And we realized that they have annual service contracts, which for the most part, the profit is flat in Q4. The way that their aftermarket of the membranes and the component ship out is more skewed to Q4 due to maintenance cycles of those businesses. And then their projects tend to be booked earlier in the year, and also shipped into Q4. So a lot more skewing to the Q4 in CPT. I think we've had some original estimates that suggested that. But I think in the firming up, we now know that. And so we're going to see CPT more skewed to the back half of the year on a go-forward basis.
John Stauch: It's actually a little inverse of the thought, right? I mean, the higher the revenue, the more likely the higher the project. And therefore, the more squeeze on the overall operating margins. There is enormous opportunity and a lot of demand for most of the products and all of the projects that CPT is participating in. And the challenge for Randy and myself and Mike Schrock will be working with our business leaders to determine the right profitable projects by country and by verticals. And we expect north of double-digit for sure of growth on an ongoing basis, and that's what our view of 150 basis points a year margin expansion is based upon.
John Stauch: Yes, and there is a point of growth related to an end of life program around telecom and Technical Products that's negatively impacting Q3 results more and a little bit in Q4, and that is the program that's end of life-ing, that we've been shipping the light speed program. So other than that, no, we're growing, as Randy said, around 5% a quarter, 6% a quarter for the year, absent those programs. And we're doing it without the market help that we anticipated on North America and our country [ph].
John Stauch: We had not assumed that there would be a significant destocking because the inventory levels right now are not all that large. I'm not going to predict what will happen if U.S. defaults on their debt, and the borrowings -- no, I can't get there. But I mean, right now, we're pretty much at the low inventory levels. People are buying what they're selling. We've seen a flow through, and our sell through rate is consistent with the inventory. So the 2 issues related in Q3 are just nothing more than we've got that end-of-life program, otherwise our core volume will be up 5, and this is not a whine or excuse. But for us, foreign exchange, we look at as part of organic because we sell in euros in Europe. And so when we have a North American-based business and euro-based business, when that dollar gets weaker, we'll see more sales being shipped out of U.S. And there's some arbitrage there. And so overall, our core volumes are still running in the organic growth range of 5% to 7%, and that's with any bounce back with residential.
John Stauch: North American residential flow was slightly lower, and then we did have a desal project business in our CodeLine [indiscernible] business that got pushed into Q3 and Q4.
John Stauch: And we're seeing those projects turn into quotes, and wins and backlogs, and a lot different rates than we're seeing in the North American muni market.
John Stauch: Yes. I mean, we, as a course of action, I mean, we see a big drop in the Pool business from Q2 to Q3. And that's really what happened seasonally from Q2 to Q3. And as Pool has more normal first half, let's call it, in their cycle that the most difference with taking out CPT from Q2 to Q3 is that one business.
John Stauch: Yes, I mean, that's also inclusive of that project, end of life, I mentioned. So they're still growing at high single digits excluding that. And right now, the trends, the macro trends that we talked about on Water, all benefit Technical Products. And the industrial production cycle is pretty strong right now, and we're seeing that capital and cash being less as it drives productivity in the factories. So it's a pretty good backdrop for Technical Products right now.
John Stauch: Yes, let me take the first part of it. And then I'll let Randy quickly address some of the market strategic -- I mean, the reason that you pursue the system in CPT, both on the beverage and the Water side is twofold. Your installing a system, which is going to protect and secure the installed base, because you have a proprietary technology that will be replaced with your membranes and/or your aseptic valves. The second piece of it is we're gaining service contracts. Those service contracts allow us to go in and work on the maintenance and get a long-term maintenance contract. So the initial sale of the system doesn't provide what looks like a significant margin benefit, but the life cycle of the system or the project is a very substantial margin. And for the right vertical markets, we want to pursue those aggressively. What we don't want to do is dilute the capacity utilization and/or the resources to chase markets that are not what we would call our core vertical markets strategically.
Randall Hogan: I'd add that we anticipated some of the tax benefits when we gave the $0.03 incremental CPT and some of the additional $0.02 is also tax...
Randall Hogan: Nothing that we didn't already anticipate like more moderating growth in Industrial. So really, the business outlook is STET, and is a little bit better with CPT.
Randall Hogan: Yes, I gave you the one example in Brazil, which literally was something that was -- it hasn't shipped yet. It wasn't in the second quarter. It's an order we just booked. But that's the kind of example where they -- the CPT team has a different reach globally than our business did and much deeper into municipal, globally much deeper into industrials. The case example I gave you where the CPT team sold some CodeLine product was actually to an energy company in Brazil, which we've never made a sale to before. So what we're doing is we're filling out the product line, and making it available to the CPT team. Then there's some straightforward cross-selling, for instance, in their systems business. They didn't use our enclosures. They didn't use our tanks. They didn't use our housing, and that's getting all changed right away, as you can imagine. We call that the in-sourcing opportunity, and so we've got a good handle on all of that. And I'm really encouraged by the -- it's more than receptivity, the welcomeness the CPT team has to do that because it's a real win-win. So 2 efforts, one is the in-sourcing into their systems business in particular, as well as in-sourcing their membrane, the ultra filtration membrane into some of our innovation platforms on, for instance, residential side. And then, it's the filling out the product line and leveraging their, frankly, higher touch deeper relationships with some very attractive customers outside the U.S. And the last piece will be to leverage our position in the U.S. to help them grow particularly in the beverage area and Water in the U.S.
Randall Hogan: Right now, I'm just talking about, leaving aside for a minute the Filtration side, the Filtration Solutions business, which is certainly desal and globally. Our large pump business is in municipals, largely U.S. So we don't get the benefit of some of the spending. We don't have much exposure to that outside the U.S. So I'm just talking about the U.S. market. We saw the quote activity rate fall drop down, so our backlog is at a low point right now. Quote activity is picking up. That's encouraging. But until it turns into funded orders, I'm not going to hold my breath. And that's why we said what we said about the second half x GIWW being down 5% for that business despite the fact that commercial and industrial sales will be up globally. And that, we anticipated that. I wish it wasn't true, but that's the reality we're seeing right now. And I think it will still remain break and fix. Something has to change there. I mean, the opportunity we believe is actually going to be different when it comes back. It's going to be water reuse, which is attractive for us with CPT, and our other opportunities on the backside of wastewater. And they're going to have to find new creative ways to pay for it because municipalities are going to remain constrained for a while even though they have pricing capability in water. So it's going to be an interesting debate as to how that gets solved but it has to get solved, particularly where there is heavy drought.
Randall Hogan: Sure. Great question. And let me differentiate between Foodservice. We use Foodservice to describe what we do with Starbucks and McDonald's, and Darden restaurants and the like. So that the -- in restaurants or in hospitality versus food and beverage, which is, if you will, at the factory level which is the focus of the CPT. They're the world leader in the beer business, in Beer Membrane Fil, MBRs -- actually, BMR -- BMFs, Beer Membrane Filters. And we've had a number of very encouraging discussions with the highest level, with the leading manufacturers of beer. And they actually view CPT as part of the Pentair fold as giving additional opportunities for us to expand what we offer in those areas. So that's one of those areas where we're filling out, if you will, the product portfolio, to leverage their very, very strong coverage in the beer business. Similarly, they have leading positions in a number -- they had some really great reference installations in the soft drink area. So again, because of our region and our depth, we're having very encouraging discussions to try to grow that. Because their market share is leading everywhere in the world in beer. It is spotty in soft drinks. So we see an opportunity to fill out market share globally. And then in the dairy business, in particular, their share is low in North America, which is the largest dairy market. So we see real opportunities for them to grow here. Leveraging the MBRs, in particular, not just on the product side, but in the waste side, it varies. I mean, I mentioned the anaerobic membrane bioreactor application. That's basically taking the waste in huge diaries and turning it into one, a water reuse opportunity and two, into biogas that they can use to fund their facilities. So it's a big focus area for us. Their positions with what they call the signal [ph], the market leading positions in, I'd say, is the highest quality, highest value valving. And valving manifolds are used in beverage, as well as Haffmans, which is CO2 removal and CO2 reuse, which is both a green activity. That's also a nice cost savings for the businesses. So we -- a lot of our -- the water investments are easier to think about. The beverage, the food and beverage ones are very exciting as well.
Randall Hogan: Yes. Food and beverage is higher and in some cases, meaningfully so. But when you take a look at the life cycle on the water side, it's good margins too.
Randall Hogan: Well, I mentioned the one project that's at over $4 million in content for us in that 1 project. And that is just to place maybe 1,000 units out in the field, and what we're doing is we're doing basically the housings, pedestals, wall mounts, a bunch of different pieces in both the power source and then the individual charging stations. And we -- I'm not going to give you a number, because I've seen some spectacular numbers for the opportunity, but I'd like our team to come up with our own sense of what that opportunity is. As you know, we've done integration in a very high level. And a number of the companies we're talking about are really more technology companies. And they're not really manufacturing companies. So we're very excited about the opportunity, but I can't give you a number now. But I think that's a fair thing for us to mention, and we'll give you that September 14.
Randall Hogan: Yes, a lot of them will be outdoors. Generally, at the power source itself, at the transformer, there may be some cooling opportunities. But it will probably be air to air. It won't be fully air conditioned, I wouldn't think, but I'm getting out of my league here.
Randall Hogan: Well, as many of you have seen, you've been through the facility. We've doubled the facility in Suzhou. We now have -- in Wuxi, we have a pump manufacturing capability, and we still have big opportunities. I would say we're 60, plus or minus, 5% utilization right now, and filling rapidly since we -- particular, with the focus on this in-country for-country. We talked about Pentair Fresh. We talked about a number of other things. We now make CodeLine in China, which lets us get underneath, inside, if you will, the duty that made us uncompetitive in China with our CodeLine. And so we're gaining rapid market share there. And so we still have a lot of room for growth with the space we built. And we have fantastic leadership there.
Randall Hogan: Well, we have. We made the acquisition in residential filtration, Hidro Filtros. And in fact, John and I are going down there as soon as we get cleared with a few things in Brazil. And we think Brazil offers that kind of opportunity. Whether we'll build that out in a similar fashion or not, I think it remains to be seen that it is clearly investable. It's an exciting opportunity for all of our products and the ones we talked about for CPT. That's why CPT has a better position there than we do on the industrial, municipal. And we can leverage that. Yes, we think we have at least that much of an opportunity in Brazil.
Randall Hogan: Well, we -- our focus has been in Eastern Europe in particular, but we made progress in France and the U.K. as well. We haven't reached that much in Italy and Spain. There's not a lot of action in those countries right now. But Eastern Europe is the biggest opportunity, and we made good progress there.
Randall Hogan: If I could on that, our goal is to get to 15%. That's our goal for the whole company. And we know structurally, this business can make it. But as John said, we view CPT as a great opportunity that also, gives us a platform to build a strategic position that's frankly unmatched. What informed that view is our view when you look at the pressures on the world, and you take a look at the pressures on not just from population but wealth growth, which frankly drives pressure on energy and food and water, even more strongly than population growth itself. And you take a look at the stress that the world is under in water both in terms of water directly and water use in energy and food. There's 2 undeniable technologies that are going to be put to play. One is desalination, if you're near the ocean, and the second is water reuse wherever you are. And so when John talked about those systems and putting in those and making those bids, we are -- I think we have a leading position in terms of the reference sites today. And we intend to continue to lead in building out those reference sites, because we are going to be number one in those businesses. That's our goal.
Randall Hogan: Yes. You're right. Our long-term goal is 5% to 8% organic on a sustained basis. And we're actually better than that if we actually had U.S. residential growing at all, which it isn't, with the exception of pools did grow. But the other U.S. residential businesses, as we mentioned, we don't expect growth in the second half. So in the third quarter, more of a normal pool. And then Pool actually stronger in the fourth quarter than the third quarter. So that's -- that may be the whole difference...
Randall Hogan: Yes, if anything, our performance and execution on delivery has improved so much that actually, we -- despite all the flooding talk in the U.S., there is actually, there was more inventory in the channel than the floods needed. So actually, I said that there's -- we don't have a good comp coming. We have ample inventory in the channel. And a big part of that in residential flow in the U.S. is retail, as well as through the Pro channel. I'd say, in retail, they're not constrained by financing at all, but they are cautious. And none of these headlines about uncertainty and Washington's craziness and all these, it doesn't help any of these guys invest. Our distributors have credit available. In fact, if you take a look at lending in general, there's credit available for people who are worthy of getting credit if they want it. And they're not drawing it. But I'd say they're keeping, they're counting on us and other manufacturers, continuing to execute at a high delivery level and with shorter lead times and running at lower inventories. And I don't think that's going to change anytime soon, so until there's a broad-based belief that the U.S. economy is going to grow.
Randall Hogan: No. We think it's a -- the financial crisis really stalled a lot of big projects. I mean, the financing, everything just sort of ground to a halt, and we view this as a secular growth coming back. So we believe we're on the uptrend on that.
Randall Hogan: We'll give you our thoughts on that on September 14, but our focus in both Residential Filtration and Residential Flow, our 2 biggest businesses that are suffering from that flatness, is to grow aggressively outside the U.S. And that's what they're innovation has been focused on, and that's what we've been driving. So that's where I have them focused. The U.S. residential market, there's no down side [ph]. It has to come back eventually. It will be driven by housing sales. Housing sales will give us a lift even before housing starts. But I don't really have an outlook. We haven't really developed an outlook for our plan base for 2012. And I think we can share that instead. We'll develop it by the 14th and have it...
Randall Hogan: Well, the second to third in Tech Products, you usually see a little bit of a step down because of the European holidays, European markets are important to us, particularly in Germany. But generally, no, it's -- they've had about 8 or 7 good quarters in a row of great growth. And so we're just saying moderate down to that 5% to 7% kind of growth in the second half.
Randall Hogan: The $20 million I mentioned was ordered. We haven't actually shipped those yet. And so they aren't impacting margins in the near term. As John described how the systems business works, one of the opportunities for us to improve the systems margin is -- now that includes a lot of bought through [ph] Equipment. If you look at the embedded margin on the product that this business makes, it's still 50% plus, so they get a lot of pass through. There's going to be -- we're going to be in-sourcing a lot. We're going to be in-sourcing the pumps, the enclosures, the housing, the tanks, more valves. So we believe we can be competitive on the systems business, and actually raise the margin as we raise the manufacturing content.
Randall Hogan: The compression in the margin, really, is -- I want to remind everyone, we started at 15% EBITDA. So when you rebuy a business, you restate the fair market value, all of the assets, and then continue the growth on this business at the growth rate that they're delivering now and that we expect to happen. We'll leverage that D&A up relatively quickly. And there's a fair amount of capacity. And I mean, it's not inexpensive to build a membrane facility, and that's volume dependent as well. So we're pretty confident that we can grow the systems, grow our installed base, and continue to raise margins.
Randall Hogan: We've been generally conservative with our CPT revenue forecast as we get to know the business. So the revenue that we're projecting is primarily all booked.
Randall Hogan: Well, Aurora was focused on -- it's mostly commercial, HVAC and fire. They're mostly in the U.S., and the commercial market was creamed. Actually, they're up a little bit because of -- in the Aurora area because of export sales and again, I mentioned in the script in the Middle East in particular. So Aurora decline was going on for the last 10, 12, months anyway.
Randall Hogan: All right. Thank you all again. I look forward to seeing you at the investor conference in September. Thank you.
