Randall J. Hogan: Well, infrastructure is looking better but also aquatics is looking better. The Water Quality Systems, aquatics is the pool business and it exited the year with a really good tailwind. But in terms of Infrastructure, we've seen the order rate pick up and our backlog pick up in both pumps and in filtration. So it's been a while building and we expect that to actually lift growth for mostly Flow & Fluid (sic) [Filtration] (23:00) Solutions next year.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. If I could – Deane, we haven't in the past shown a really good relationship between the CapEx numbers of the – the big CapEx numbers and then what really happens to our orders numbers. We've had – obviously, we've gotten better at forecasting our sales. What we focus on is what John called that front log. We've seen a lot of projects that were being thought of that are no longer in that front log, or things that we're chasing. So, we're focusing on what's in our backlog and what we can ship and what is in that – what real projects are in that front log, and what's our probability of getting them. And that's how we come to it.
Randall J. Hogan: Our view is ultimately, LNG is going to play a bigger role in the energy mix worldwide and the U.S. will be, and should be, a net exporter. There were a lot of projects in pre-feed, in planning. They've all been pretty much put on the shelves, and some of the other ones that actually were in design have been slowed down. So that was the reference that we're talking about. Because what we're really looking at, things we were expecting to be happening in the near term versus – they may still happen, but they may be two or three years out now instead of 2016, 2017.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I mean, this year, we're expecting mid-single digits in the U.S. And actually, we've seen some life in Europe as well. We actually saw some growth in the fourth quarter in Water Quality, and a little bit in the aquatics business – excuse me, in the water purification part of Water Quality, both of those both being Water Quality Systems. So, stronger Europe than last year and continuing strength in the U.S. Multi-family and then continuing, as home prices increase, the pool business is back. And the innovation and the switch to energy-saving products and more sustainable products are still – that conversion is still happening ,and we're the leader in that. So, all of the things that's been working for us in aquatics are still working.
Randall J. Hogan: You know what? I want to get that $0.40 number, and then we'll talk. But I was pleased with the fourth quarter, and the order rate, the execution rate. And there's some clear sales synergies that we weren't counting on, that are being worked, that I'm hopeful we'll see read out, even this year.
Randall J. Hogan: We also believe the mix between short cycle and projects – short cycle, and then aftermarket and projects, is going to improve.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I never like to say never, but I think we'd have to think differently about – I mean, the team there has done a heroic job of adjusting the cost structure to one of the most precipitous drops in sales that I've ever seen. And they're executing well. We're going to have to think about it more creatively if we need to do anything else in terms of costs. I mean, it's just conjecture at this point.
Randall J. Hogan: I think as a forecast that John showed you is one – and I understand, first quarter is lower than was expected. But it really is that mix and it's the cost readout in the overall volume level, as John said.
Randall J. Hogan: It may be hard for people to believe but we still believe this Valves & Controls business is a high-quality business with good people, and a lot of the product lines are real crown jewels. Not all of them, but a lot of them are. Right now, it certainly is a boat anchor to the rest of the business which is rising. And so, we want to correct that. And we wanted this diversity, this exposure to energy. I would say this is much more than just a cyclical turn. There hasn't been anything as deep as this since the 1980s. And so, I think it's too early to conjecture.
Randall J. Hogan: We have real examples of people servicing a valve instead of what they would have replaced before. In-sourcing service to keep their people busy, if they have them, versus where they would have usually contracted it. That sorts itself out. It laps itself. But we saw it was worse in the second half than the first half, and it was worse in the fourth quarter than the average of the second half. And that can't continue. These are a lot – these are mission critical products that are part of processes that are precision and can be – well, by law, they have to be serviced. And so, they can't do it forever. I mean, right now, as I think you know, crack spreads have been great. So, the longer you can run a refinery, the better. But ultimately, you have to maintain them. So, that's the other thing, those two things. One is a shift to lower-cost ways of servicing and then there's the fact that if they can run them a little bit harder when the crack spreads are high, they make money on the refining side.
Randall J. Hogan: Our assumption for the first quarter and the first half is that it's going to be like it was in the fourth quarter. And in terms, if you just look at the stocking in North America distribution, in the fourth quarter, it was down. I think the whole uncertainty around CapEx is distributors always freeze a little bit more. And so, I think we aren't seeing anything for this first half. It's different than the fourth quarter, but the fourth quarter wasn't good.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. You got to look at it business by business. In Valves & Controls, actually, the short cycle held up much better than projects. And it was really in the fourth quarter where the decline was about the same. So, we would expect that to – we don't think it gets better in the first quarter. That's why I was saying that we're watching to see whether there's improvements and we're certainly taking actions to help improve that in Valves & Controls. In the case of Technical Solutions where we have the industrial heat trace projects, which a lot of them are not oil and gas related. There are other industries. And the backlog is good there. There is the Hoffman business being down versus those projects. That gets better in the second half because, just by comparison. Because Hoffman was down in the second half and we don't think it's – as we get to lapping that, we don't think we'll see further down. So, there should be a mix improvement in Technical Solutions in the second half.
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. I did make – I think I may have a positive comment about that. No, the order rate has picked up and so that's gone into the backlog. So, we're expecting improvement. We saw improvement in the fourth quarter. And after – it was down in the first half, flat in the third quarter, up in the fourth quarter. The backlog is good. I think as governments healed a little bit with tax revenue, they were able to get back to spending.
Randall J. Hogan: We will announce it when we're done. We're finding – we're looking for the right leader. John's doing a good job right now.
Randall J. Hogan: We certainly will attempt to do that. And the first quarter is always a negative quarter for us because we pay taxes, we pay bonuses, we're building working capital in the businesses that didn't do a bad job in working capital which is the water businesses and as getting ready for their seasonal highs in the second and third quarter. So, that's why.
Randall J. Hogan: We'll start lapping the declines and it'll be flat year-over-year, number one. Number two, ultimately, when they really want to adjust costs, they should outsource it. And so, right now, this is in major industry changes. And before, you'll see people in-source work to bridge a soft spot, if you will, and then, when they realize that there's a structural change, they start looking at their cost structure. Look at BP's announcement, for instance. And then, when they don't have the people, they have to go outside the (51:58).
Randall J. Hogan: Yeah. It's decent, but not as decent as it was expected to be. And there's even delays there, so. And you can just imagine, if you're a company that is integrated.
Randall J. Hogan: I would say so. Right now, cash flow and our focus on our balance sheet is number one. And the board and management are unified in that.
John L. Stauch: We' were waiting to see where ended the year with the backlog in the industrial heat tracing solutions business primarily around the projects. And it ended stronger, and therefore, the shippable backlog heading into 2016 was slightly higher and that was the (23:31).
John L. Stauch: Well, I'd say first and foremost, I don't think we see a lot of upstream activity and a lot of these projects were in the process of being cut throughout the year, Deane. So, we look at front log which is the things prior to coming into the quote funnel. So, what are the opportunities we might be quoting in any given year? And that front log this year is significantly low as it relates to upstream activity. When we get into midstream, midstream still has a fair amount of the front log activity and we are still quoting a significant amount of midstream activity. And then the downstream business, we would've expected that to be a productivity-based investment. And we've seen delays in the quoting activity there. So, we've got an order outlook next year as we suggested that's down further than what we anticipated. And then we expect the conversion ratio of how many of those orders that we convert within the year to be down further. And hence, that's why we've taken down the Valves & Controls forecast even further.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, the short-cycle pricing, Deane, is called out on our Valves & Controls walk because we list prices part number to part number and, therefore, the standard product is a light product. And so, you get a sense of where that price is. And right now, that's roughly around 1% today. We're anticipating that to get a little bit tougher as we head into 2016. The majority of what we call margin pressure is around the project side and the fact that the projects are coming through at a slightly lower margin. But we're also experiencing a mix differential between less standard product on the short cycle and more of the projects coming out of the backlog, and that caught us by surprise in Q4, especially around December, and we've loaded in those expectations continuing into Q1 and ramping a little bit better as we get the cost benefits reading out in Q2, Q3 and Q4 from our efforts.
John L. Stauch: The short answer is no to the first question, Deane. It's not something that we've done or needed to do. And as we think about recovering this year, we felt like we had realized the impact of the working capital builds right when I took over in the interim role and we've been after reducing those inventory levels and therefore getting after those receivable collections. So, we're very focused on getting the cash in here in Q1 and Q2. And we feel like we're going to make very good progress.
John L. Stauch: So, real quickly, we're down about $40 million to $50 million on the starting backlog position, Steve.
John L. Stauch: The orders on the slides are still the same number. I apologize. One's core and one's inclusive of FX so roughly the same.
John L. Stauch: And what we're having a little bit of change to our forecast on is we usually convert about half of those orders within a year, but we're expecting the orders to be a little bit more back-end loaded and therefore, we won't be getting as many of the orders shipped in 2016 as we originally anticipated.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think there's three things, Steve. One is we have an unusually low shipment number of 385, and we haven't been below 400 in this business in some time, and that reflects the shippable backlog. But it also reflects the number two issue which is we're expecting the standard product to be slow again in Q1 as we wait for our customers to get their expense budgets aligned and decide where they're going to spend the expense and maintenance dollars, so we have a low mix ratio related to that and also a lower expectation. And then the third element is exactly what you said. We've recognized about $11 million to $12 million on a quarterly basis with a cost takeout of $150 million and that ramps throughout the year. And the first quarter reflects what we have to do with the inventory accounting and putting that into the inventory and then shipping the old inventory first, before we can recognize the benefits. So, those are the three unusual aspects to Q1.
John L. Stauch: I think we were hinting at Analyst Day that, although people were bullish about that activity because of low feedstocks, you got to look at global demand. And the global demand just isn't there at the rate that would support all of those projects coming through. So, I guess to answer your question, are we surprised in this whole energy reset aspect? No, we're not surprised.
John L. Stauch: And, Steve, I would just add on that we're really impressed with the talent that we got with ERICO. It's a great sales and marketing capability, and really excited about the opportunities across the channels that their selling team and our selling team combined can bring to bear.
John L. Stauch: There's a ramp when we – as we progress. I mean, we hit a full annual rate right around Q3. And it really is more about the manufacturing cost-out having to work its way through the inventory side. The benefits on the selling and marketing and the benefits on the G&A are linear, and we've got most of those behind us. And so those are going to be experienced in Q1, Q2 and Q3 and Q4 pretty evenly. And the manufacturing side has to work its way through the inventory, and we have to move the old inventory out first. And we don't have the quickest inventory turns in this business, so that's why it takes till the end of Q2 to really get on a full run rate for Q3 and Q4.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think either way, I mean what Randy's asked me to do is think about this business being much more – how do we think about it as more predictable, consistent earnings stream, meaning a lot less project dependent and a lot more aftermarket installed-base dependent. And then, making sure we understand what our customers value of what we sell and what they don't value of what we sell. And then, thinking about the fact that when you lose this amount of revenue, what's more important is your income and your margin dollars as you think forward. So, either way, we've got to make this a really good business, and I think we have the opportunity to take what Randy's direction is and have it contribute value in the future.
John L. Stauch: But Nathan, I think you're right long-term, is that as you work the backlog off and you work the large projects off, those do have a lower margin and mix overall. Over time, should be a mix benefit. Now that being said, as Randy was just saying, we ship about $900 million of short-cycle. So, it would take a lot of incremental short-cycle sales to make up for the project sales that are declining. So – and we've got to fill the factories as well, as you know, and work our way through this, so. I think it's a short-term issue on the mix challenges and I think the business will sort its way out. And I think there's still productivity opportunities and I think it's into 2017 before we see that turning favorable.
John L. Stauch: Well, we did give a hint that the negative one so far, which is total standard margin, has come down about 600 basis points over the last two years.
John L. Stauch: Well, I mean, I think we're looking at a full year rate of around 10.5%. I think we'd be closer to 15% on an exit rate.
John L. Stauch: And we're looking for the right fit and the right type of individual to lean into this type of situation and lead with positive energy and get us to where we need to be.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I mean, Brian, if you're asking will the Q1 usage be better than the Q1 usage last year, the answer is yes. We believe it will be better.
John L. Stauch: But our seasonality is we do use cash in Q1 and we start to deliver significant cash in Q2, Q3 and Q4.
John L. Stauch: But, Brian, just to clarify, we did not say it's improving in Q1. Matter of fact, we said it is not improving in Q1.
John L. Stauch: And in the future, we do believe it gets better than the current outlook. I think it's still not robust.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. So, let me go back to that seasonality. I agree that we put that up. I think we have two elements that I will draw attention to. One is, our corporate costs are going to be significantly higher in Q1 than the rest of the year. That's related to vesting schedules of options in restricted stock, directors, officers, chairmen, as well as just general corporate spending. And that's about $0.04, Josh, to that level. And that is different this year than it has been in prior years. The other element is that we feel that the shippable backlog and ability to do better than the shippable backlog in Q1 in Valves & Controls is at its weakest opportunity in Q1. And those are the only two things that we're reflecting differently than the normal seasonality schedule that we shared with you.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think it all reflects it, if you think about the front log of what I'd say the projects that we're looking at, or the opportunities before we're even quoting, you should think about that being down at least 25% versus normalized levels. We then have to then quote, and we're going to get our fair share of products where we're automatically specced in or we're the likely player, and that's what represents the quote log, and then the orders are an output of that. And as you can imagine, that's a moving funnel of opportunities where, every single quarter, you're converting each of those. So, I think the news that we're sharing today is that we still think we're going to get our fair share of what our opportunities are, but the opportunities are lower. And we think that continues through 2017.
John L. Stauch: Yeah. I think we gave out seasonality before, and we kind of took a look at what Q1 is. And as we mentioned, there's a reason, or two reasons, that Q1 is slightly lower. But we would then expect that our normal seasonality, which is reflected in last year's delivering on that EPS, to be appropriate.
John L. Stauch: Ramping throughout the year. As we suggested, our year-over-year comparisons get a little easier in Q3 and Q4. So we have the trends out of Q1, or Q4, continuing through Q1 and into Q2, and then we begin to get a little easier comparisons in Q3 and Q4.
John L. Stauch: Yeah, yeah. No, no, no, no. I get that. I'm sorry. I mean, we have some projects that are running out and those are in the Technical Solutions side. And so absent the Technical Solutions projects, my point is that Q2 is our seasonal quarter.
John L. Stauch: And then Q3 is down due to the fact that we tend to have the August. But on a year-over-year basis, everything other than the projects in Q3 and Q4 are about the same. And, Brian, I'm just not going to give you Q2 EPS guidance on this call today. That's where I'm going there.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then the start to the year in Valves & Controls, this 6.5% margin, I don't recall it being that seasonal historically. Is there something, I guess, just it's a function of the timing of the cost-saves ramping throughout the course of the year. Anything unusual here in the first quarter to have that – and that's kind of an unusually low-margin rate.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. One last quick one. You mentioned weakness in LNG. I know it's kind of a slow-moving train here over the course of the next couple years, and should roll down dramatically toward the end of the decade. I guess, are you surprised at how early you're seeing some weakness there? Is that just – are they cancelling some projects? Is there a destocking going on there? I know that some of the compression orders at others have been very, very weak on that front. I'm just trying to kind of understand the timing, because...
Charles Stephen Tusa: No, no. I get that. I'm just trying to get an idea. I think LNG is going to be kind of a debacle at some point in the next couple years. But I guess the timing is kind of hard to nail down, just because of how big these projects are and the multi-year nature of them. So I'm just more of a timing question than anything else. Thanks, guys.
Brian P. Drab: Good morning. Thanks. I just wanted to ask about the progression of EPS and organic revenue growth in 2Q, 3Q, 4Q. If we're going to do about $0.70, $0.71 in the first quarter, how do we think about EPS in 2Q, 3Q, 4Q? Is this going to be more like a $1.10, $1.10, $1.25? Or – any direction there would be helpful.
Brian P. Drab: John, that's a little confusing to me just because in first quarter you're going to be up 1% in core sales and then for the balance of the year forecasting down 2%. So there's got to be – you're going to be down from 1%, right? So it's not really progressing up throughout the year.
Brian P. Drab: Yeah. I'm just trying to actually be helpful given that I'm expecting to have Q2 EPS guidance all over the place and then, you're going to give ....
