Randall J. Hogan: Well, the most important -- in North America, the most important business serving that market is our Hoffman-branded equipment protection business, which is the enclosure franchise in the North American electrical distribution industry. And we saw some good pickups there. And that -- they usually -- those are investments that usually come later in a project cycle. And it's a short-cycled business but sort of a long wave order pattern. So it's been dragging -- it's been lagging the ISM for a while and now we're beginning to see the pickups. So we would view it, even though it is short-cycled business, we would view that as a very encouraging sign. And as I mentioned, going into 2014, that we saw inventories being built by the channel.
Randall J. Hogan: Let me start with the second. We've put in place, we believe, better disciplines around the as-bid margins going out, so we feel good about the orders we're taking. In fact, we've passed on some orders because of the margins required. So we think that discipline has remained intact through that 11% growth. One of the reasons Valves & Controls in the first quarter, we don't expect a lot of growth, is those orders are really loading into the second half of 2014 and even a few into 2015. Which is, they're not huge projects but they're bigger projects, so they take a little bit longer time. What we call and I mentioned in the script, 15% growth in MRO, MRO is basically standard Valves & Controls that ship out of stock or with only minor modifications. And that was up 15%. That's the kind of stuff that we can book and turn in a 90-day kind of a window and that was up as well. But the 11% was really -- overall, was really driven by a lot of oil and gas that's going to ship later in the year.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, no. This isn't about Australia at all. I mean, this is about the continuing to build Pentair, we've made great leaps forward. We wanted to get into larger, manageable businesses, with the retirement of Mike Schrock, now those presidents report directly to me. So it's a matter of getting larger, if you will, fighting units in the officer suite and so that we can, one, optimize cost structure; but, two, really flow resources from our best -- our best resources to our best opportunities. So it has nothing to do with anything about divestitures or acquisitions.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, let me start, then I'll turn it over to John. We -- our team in Aquatics has built an incredibly good model, where they track the install base, they track basically the replacement rate of same-same and then they do the upgrades on the energy side and we're going to start with that. Basically, when you take a look at the home install base, I think we're only -- we're still less than 10% penetrated of what we consider to be the install base that is ripe for switching to variable speed and get the energy savings. And that part of the question -- the energy savings can be as much as 90% on the pump. And in the pump, in areas where it's warm, which are -- it was minus 20 at my house this morning, so I have to think conceptually here. Where places that air-conditioning is more expensive than heat, the pool pump is the second largest user of electricity. So it's a huge opportunity, as you know, there's some over 30 utilities now that are rebating conversion to variable speed pump. And we have the leading solution in variable speed pumps. So we're not even 10% penetrated there. So we think that what we call our Eco Select set of products have an incredible future in terms of penetrating that. And now we have new pools construction, new pool construction. I don't have the numbers right at my fingertips, but it's up in California, it's up in Arizona, it's up in Florida. It's flattish in Texas, but Texas never really went down. So I mean -- and those are -- probably more than half of the pools in America are in just those 4 states. So I don't know if you'd add anything, John.
Randall J. Hogan: And one of the other ones, the pumps are also switching from incandescent to LED lights, which saves a lot of power. In fact, that's -- right now, that's a big conversion going on in commercial pools. And as you know, we have a nice position in controls and lighting for commercial pool as well, so it's -- I would say, it's all good in Aquatics.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, early buy was strong, which indicated -- and there wasn't anything exceptional about the early buy program. So it is indicative that the pool dealers and the distributors are expecting a good year.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, let me start, then I'm going to turn it over to John with the specifics. What John mentioned, if you will, the delayering and the simplification of the organization as the first one, it's a relatively minor part of the $62 million. And just the leadership pieces is a small part. There was also structure underneath that, which is SG&A that came out, which had really less to do with the, if you will, the change in leadership structure and more to do with our view of what was required. We kept more cost in. We weren't -- we were careful not to break anything we didn't understand. We didn't want to do that in the merger, since this is a merger of equals. And so once we spent 1 year at it, we realized where we could be more efficient. So there was a tranche of that. And then there was a bunch of other pieces in it, too. So John, why don't you go through those pieces in a little more detail.
Randall J. Hogan: And just to finish it out in the terms of the benefits of the change in structure. Right now, my focus is on building the best winning culture that we can. And to do that, I want to make sure that we have very, very tight alignment up and down the company, from John and I, through the presidents, all the way down. So to have 5 presidents who are now sitting at the table, talking to us directly about the opportunities and to get them to think not just about running Valves & Controls, get them thinking about being an officer within Pentair, thinking about how to optimize Pentair, that's a huge change. And it's a change that is going to be extraordinarily beneficial as we build Pentair to its next crescendo.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, just speaking about megaprojects, there are some large things in Canada that are still being looked at and worked on and there are certainly large developments to support oil and gas developments around the world. We just don't ever want to build -- we don't want to build plans counting on those things, that's why we want to be clear about them and we'll talk about them when they happen. We feel good about our position on them. But there are still a lot of other projects that are still big, $10 million, $15 million, they can still be big, but they're not what we would call megaprojects. And we see CapEx -- there were a lot of delays in the oil and gas industry, just deferrals, just things are going slower. And we saw a pick up in the fourth quarter, and we hope it's the beginning of what's going to be a sustained pick up, to yield probably an oil and gas spend in the mid 5-ish percent kind of range growth in 2014. We also saw some large power plant orders finally get placed that we've been working on for a year, over a year in China related to their new development program. And so that's -- that also helped.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, I think the U.S. -- I mean, we all would like to see the U.S., overall, we love to see GNP get up over 3%. And I think, I'm not an economist, but I think it's got a better shot at that because we're starting to see industrial come along and residential seems to be solid. And there's a lot of things positively moving in the U.S. The brightest change is -- I don't go to Davos, but coming out of Davos, it's pretty clear that people are feeling like Europe really has, I call it, clearing the bottom. Europe seems to have some mode of force going forward and that's a big deal to us. As I mentioned, it's one of our most profitable residential markets and it's also a great thermal market and we have a lot of operations there. So and our focus has been on where we can drive growth. I'm really pleased with our progress in Africa and the Middle East. And a lot of that is the initiatives that we're taking. So I think that, that will continue. And so I think we are more positive. I can't speak for why others aren't.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, just 1 quarter doesn't feel like a trend to us is basically, I guess, what the short answer would be. I'd rather plan a conservative and beat it than plan an aggressive and miss it.
Randall J. Hogan: We also in the Food & Beverage space, we shipped more systems than products. And the systems have lower margins. So there was, within the Process -- what we call the Process Technologies, or in the first quarters of Water & Fluid, there was some mix going against us there. But we still like those systems.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes. That's what we believe is maybe long term, could be more in the 6% to 8%, but 5% to 7% is close enough. We have double-digit growth. We had a lot of shipments in the membrane, the Beer Membrane Filtration business, the coal block. We had a lot of shipments this year. I don't know, if you go back and you look at 2012, we had a bunch of projects that we had won that just were delayed. We got what we thought we get in '13 and some of the things that got delayed from '12, we got those shipped. But still very positive trends in that industry. So we think it's -- high single-digits is a reasonable expectation for Food & Beverage. 2 things are happening. In the developed world, some of our newer technologies really offer opportunities for more sustainable food production, more energy-efficient food production, more environmentally-friendly food production. So we think we play into the capital spending in the developed world, which doesn't really need to pass Food & Beverage. And then of course, as we look at the middle class and building out the food manufacturing capability in dairy, in soft drinks and beer, that's why we're active in Africa, that's why we're active in Southeast Asia, these are places that all of these need to be built out. So and we believe we're -- we have great technology and great teams to do it.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, the -- and the OMT project is a big piece of that. John mentioned, it's going to help our efficiency, it's going to help us be one Valves & Controls player to the customer. It's going to give us a huge benefit in terms of managing our inventories, our receivables, our payables, much, much more effectively.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes. I mean, the valve package usually goes out later in the -- later in those kind of projects. But you can count on us pursuing all those mentioned.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, the nice thing about the ones you mentioned, given a lot of them are in the U.S., we do feel some of the complexities around the large projects will be easier to manage on those U.S. -- the ethane crackers, LNG terminals, we like LNG plants.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, we have very -- we have global coverage. So we don't feel like we're disadvantaged anywhere in the world. Those applications are ones that we have particularly good quality offerings for.
John L. Stauch: Two questions, but we think we're down with it. The project that we shipped in Q4 has a small remainder left in Q1, but it's very small. So we don't think we'll mention it as we ship in Q1. And to Randy's question -- or Randy's comments, I mean, we look at the margin and backlog, this was the only one of its type and we scrubbed that backlog prior to closing. And as Randy mentioned, this was an order book prior to the merger completed. So as of this type, we don't think there's any more in the backlog.
John L. Stauch: Yes. I think absent the headwind that we'll experience in Flow Technologies because of the Australian project and foreign exchange in Q1, what we're going to see is a nice, healthy roll forward of the Q4 synergies coming into Q1. If you recall last year, we roughly had about $10 million of synergies. We're exiting the year at a much higher rate, so we've gotten a really nice year-over-year carryforward from those synergies, primarily around the sourcing and the Lean savings, which are going to be more skewed to the businesses that were in the Flow Controls side, Josh.
John L. Stauch: Well, I mean, we still see modest inflation somewhere between 160 and 180 basis points. And we get good price on the install base and the distribution side of the business, which is roughly half of our business. And obviously, on the project side, there's not really a way to externally measure the price, but we're trying to make sure that we're getting the right bid rates to offset expected inflation that could build throughout the year.
John L. Stauch: Yes, I mean, I think you're doing the math right. We do have about $6.5 million to $7 million of OMT investment in Q1. We have started that project. It's ramping up. And that's the business process, reengineering of the overall enterprise at Valves & Controls, so that's a pretty healthy investment number. And then what we also see in Q1 is stock comp true-ups and things of nature, which goes into the FICA and expenses, that become a little heavier in Q1 than they are throughout the rest of the year.
John L. Stauch: Yes. And the only thing you're missing in that, Steve, is that we do get a different set of mix. Right? Because our Aquatic Systems business is going to be much stronger in the seasonal pieces of that. So there's an early buy -- sell-through in Q4. And then you're also going to see a thermal downtick from the cold kind of winter stocking months coming into Q1. So those are seasonably lower.
John L. Stauch: Yes, the only thing I'd tell you is that we track the pool permits and they are around about 9% to 10% of the new housing starts in the U.S., single-family housing starts. And we are definitely seeing an increase in pool permits and we're definitely excited about the incremental content and revenue that should be driven from those pool permits in the new construction side. There's a lag, as you know, but ultimately, we feel that's going to be a help to the market upside.
John L. Stauch: Almost 30%, Deane. It's our highest vitality index that we have currently. We're starting to build a nice pipeline in filtration process as well. But pool leads the way with the technology and the innovation. And we're seeing a lot of nice new product content coming through that business.
John L. Stauch: I think it's a little bit of mix. I do also think that as you complete Q4, you look at distributor-dealer rebates, sales incentives, truing up of incentives related to overdrive for the year end sales. I do also think that there's always, when you have strong performance at the end of the year, things like warranty, E&O, et cetera, seem to become more of a discussion item.
John L. Stauch: It's a great question, it's the blue chip of our operating model right now, which is more predictable and consistent results. As you know, we're getting better in Valves & Controls, but we're still learning. And it really comes around standardization and process understanding. And that's part of what all Lean is about. And so I think we feel better today, but there still are a lot of ways to go from the predictability side. But I do think we understand it better. We know where our top-focused factories are and we've got our arms around how to improve it.
John L. Stauch: Yes, it will be a little less than the 10 and we will have a better governance structure in our views. And we also do pick up a little incremental tax benefit on a go-forward basis associated with the opportunity to do things that we'll have in the U.K. versus what we had in Switzerland.
John L. Stauch: Yes, real quickly, Scott, just to frame it. The $62 million will yield close to $40 million in annualized savings when complete. I mean, obviously, we'll get maybe $30 million or $35 million of that in 2014 and then we'd have that annualized rate going into '15. As Randy mentioned, a lot of it was the structure associated with standardized global process around sourcing, manufacturing, IT, finance support, some regional structure alignment. And then we have a few small factories that were higher cost and some higher difficult -- or higher degree of difficulty areas to get after it and we had an opportunity to downsize a couple of those factors in Europe. And that's remained about half of the charge. And we feel like long term, that's going to position us in '15 and beyond for a much better operating structure. But it is part of the synergies, the 310, that we're going for. But at the same time, I think we feel like that funnel continues to grow and we're really focused on our end operating model and not a number related to a synergy.
John L. Stauch: I think you should feel confident that we have a richer funnel to achieve it. And when we feel confident of flowing through the 310, we will definitely share that with you, Scott.
John L. Stauch: It is long term both the single, biggest driver of the tax rate coming forward because we're creating a global structure around that Switzerland principle. But it's also the business getting off the 29 different disparate ERPs and 29 different processes that are run at 80 sales and distribution centers from, to getting 1 common model that optimizes the product design technology into the manufacture and delivery to the customer. So it's a major re-business engineering, which we think is going to yield value, both in delivery, quality, operations performance and G&A support structure. As I highlighted in Analyst Day, we try to drive about a 4% G&A target per GBU. Most of our GBUs are coming close to that number. We're still about 3.5 to 4 points higher in Valves & Controls. So this OMT is a big driver to getting that efficiency out.
John L. Stauch: Yes, I think Flow has opportunity on both sides, both the Australia and water business, which right now were in historically low revenue levels. That business has been mid 15%-ish margins when it gets to normalized shipping rates, it is pretty profitable when it gets to those levels, as an example. And then we still have opportunity as we build the infrastructure side and the engineered components of Flow Technologies, which is more mid-teens types of margins. So I think as both of those grow, you can see some significant ROS opportunity in Flow Technologies. When you look at Process Technologies, obviously, we've got a super high-performing Aquatics business and we've got a really high-growth Process Technologies filtration process business, which is starting to be gaining momentum. And we're starting to really see the benefit and power of Lean and sourcing activities driving that margin upward. So I, right now, always look at where we are opportunity-wise versus where we're sitting. And both of the businesses have significant opportunity to move forward.
John L. Stauch: As a vertical market for industrial, we grew nearly 10% in Q4, 9%. It is the only time this year we grew in industrial, globally. Right? So we had the easier comparison year-over-year. That pie makes up half of it. And then we saw about a mid-single-digit on a more normalized basis. So as we head to this year, we're cautiously optimistic that we're finally going to see the capital spending and the investments and the productivity that we thought would happen last year, Jeff. That's the way we're looking at it. So we're hoping to earn what we're forecasting. But I think right now, it feels appropriate.
John L. Stauch: Yes, I just want to say that I think there's 2 ways to look at it. I mean, one is if you take a look at the drop-through year-over-year on the incremental revenue, from 2012 to '13, I still think you're in the mid-40s of the conversion rate. When you take a look at it as the incremental versus forecast, you're going to see a little less of a drop-through. And some of that might be our conservatism on the way that we expected what the revenue should be and more confident on the income side. And then as Randy mentioned, we had some true-ups that we had to do on the incentive side.
John L. Stauch: Right now, we're still sub-3 in a working capital returns basis in Valves & Controls. I mean, we believe we can be at least 5. As a company, we used to be closer to 6. So there's opportunity there and certainly, a key focus in 2014 and '15 is unlocking that cash value.
John L. Stauch: Your figure of 5 would be 20% of sales. Today, we're well over 33% of sales. So 13% times the revenue basis will give you your mathematical opportunity there.
John L. Stauch: I think that 105% does not yet anticipate substantial or significant working capital progress. I think when you take a look at the net operating profit after tax and you take a look at the amortization plus depreciation minus capital, you'll see there's not a significant improvement in working capital assumed in the 105%.
John L. Stauch: There's been some significant analysis on these megaprojects that suggest that the delay time increases based upon how large the project is. There is often also a series of requotes that happen when they don't hit the price points, the target points. So we have to be patient. And as you know, Randy and I are extremely patient people. I think when it starts to unlock, I think maybe they'll be a little longer on the megas as far as the shipment rates or shipment timing. But overall, we should start to see that come through in the tail end of '14, heading aggressively into '15.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. So then we're basically left with productivity and synergies, that kind of combined bucket. And you talked about the synergies being a pretty nice year-over-year compare. I mean, even at just a $52 million run rate, you've got $40 million kind of a loan locked-in, if you do make a little bit of progress. I mean, you should have a very nice number there. You did $80 million in the combined productivity and synergies in the fourth quarter year-over-year. Is there a lot of OMT coming in the first quarter? I'm just kind of -- it just seems like this productivity synergy number is significantly lower than where it was year-over-year in the fourth quarter.
Charles Stephen Tusa: So I mean basically, productivity and synergies alone this quarter drove a $0.30 year-over-year V, I don't really see a ton other than maybe stock comp to impact that, I mean, that gets you significantly higher than where you're guiding to for the first quarter on EPS.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay, still seems reasonably conservative. Just one other question. What -- how do we think about normal seasonality in the core technical business, fourth quarter to first quarter? And then how bad is thermal going to be, fourth quarter to first quarter? Again, it just seems like Technical Solutions being down as much fourth quarter to first quarter, 450 to kind of 410, it seems like it's a more significant kind of seasonal fall off. Maybe that's just a new seasonality of thermal.
