Randy Hogan: Thanks, Jim. And good morning, everyone. We’re very pleased to report that Pentair started 2018 on a very positive note with solid core sales growth in both of our reported segments, Water and Electrical, and also strong segment income and adjusted EPS growth. The next two slides are standard presentations reported results in the balance sheet. But given the expected imminent separation of the Water and Electrical businesses, we wanted to concentrate on this particular call on a new Pentair where the water business excluding electrical. Before I turn the call over to John and Mark to discuss the first quarter water results in the outlook for the remainder of 2018 for the new Pentair, I wanted to provide an update on the planned separation of electrical for nVent. As you may have seen earlier this week, nVent began to trade on a when issued basis. nVent has its management team and board in place and there will be a separate call following this one to discuss the results and outlook as Jim just said. This is the last earnings call for Pentair as it is constructed today. It's also my last earnings call. For over half a century Pentair has gone through many changes and the results have been stronger company with successful long-term track record. While our history has been around transformation and create shareholder value, we're excited for Pentair’s next chapter, as we create two industry leading, pure-play companies in Water and Electrical. I believe the excellent performance in the first quarter demonstrate the quality of both these businesses. For the consolidated company overall sales grew 7% and were up 4% on a core basis. Segment income of $211 million represented 13% growth and adjusted EPS of $0.88 per share was up 35% versus the comparable period a year ago and was a full nickel [ph] above the high end of our first quarter guidance. Thus, both companies have a strong foundation from which to build. And I feel confident that both companies have strong leadership in place to drive more shareholder value and they focus on their respective strategies. It's been my honor and privilege to lead Pentair for the last 17 years and I feel that Pentair and nVent will continue to be successful under John and Beth’s leadership. I'll turn the call over to John, who will focus on first quarter Water segment performance and the outlook for the full year for the new Pentair.
Randy Hogan: And Steve, on the on the interest question, we did see - for the full year we've increased the estimate for interest expense, think of that is higher interest rates. The timing of when we'll use or be able to use the dividend back from nVent in the separation to pay down our existing debt and then its really just you know, the imprecision in our original estimate as we were trying to balance all the moving pieces as we were heading into separation.
Randy Hogan: Jeff. I mean, the price actions that we've taken so far this year, nothing out of the ordinary. So it would be our normal activities that we would do heading into the season and I mean, have not done anything unusual that those actions have been taken and really nothing planned incrementally going forward. I mean, just to the inflation that you see there is a combination of wage inflation and also material inflation and you know, wage inflation was a little larger this year and the material inflation you know, we're working on to offset that with productivity as Mark mentioned earlier and you know, right now we're not overly concerned about it as we look forward.
Randy Hogan: I think you know, we mentioned this that the total full year ‘18 is out there, but it is a $58 million, I think…
Randy Hogan: Inflation for the year and think of that is - roughly half of that is related to labor and the other half of it roughly material and that's what we think and that includes the current work and what we're seeing in all the commodity prices Scott.
Randy Hogan: That's true on price. And the steel side you know, really when you look at our overall purchase steel is not that significant of a component of our overall spend. And so the steel inflation that you know, maybe you've seen on the other side of the business, we haven't seen that impact us in the same way.
Randy Hogan: We have looked at it and we’ve really looked at it really in the two components, so the initial announcement focused on steel and aluminum. And as I mentioned earlier that that has a very limited impact on us for the year, so not even something that is worth mentioning. Kind of the second round, the more recent round of announced tariffs. The team has been diligently working to evaluate what that looks like for us. As I'm sure you know there's a host of product codes that have been announced are being impacted, but at the same time you know, this is – it’s evolving every day and there's a lot of ongoing review and comment that's coming in. So it's really too early to be able to tell you know, what that's going to look like and how that's going to impact us. But rest assured that the team is on top of it and looking closely to understand what the implications are, as we get closer to a timeline where it's finalized and it's more clear what it may or may not look like when it's actually put in place and we'll be able to talk a little bit more specifically about how we think that might impact us.
Randy Hogan: That's right. The segment income impact is small, so it really did reference back to what John just said, it's part of a focused optimization strategy to really exit the things that are - that are unprofitable and we don't believe we can be successful and so that's why we didn't call it out separately.
Randy Hogan: Yeah, there's no there's no messaging there, its no - there's no deceleration. It's just as I said earlier cautiously optimistic and you know, trying to stay, not get too far out over our skis and we'll see how the rest of the year plays out before we call it a success.
Randy Hogan: The point there is that after years of kind of bouncing around and declining, it's stabilized, we're seeing a relatively strong order rates and the backlog stabilizing as we look forward.
Randy Hogan: Sure. So think of the restructuring is all being tied into the optimisations and some of those the product lines of business exits that John referenced earlier. And so while we didn't necessarily indicate that we've guided to any more restructuring in Q2, I do anticipate there will be some in Q2. But what we're really focused on - and that restructuring again it's associated with the separation and the activities around setting up the two separate businesses to be successful going forward. So I see some more in Q2 but then after that we can expect that to taper off and not anticipating anything in the second half of the year.
Randy Hogan: Think about it by half - half of that inflation is labor, half is material. No real significant change in freight. And then think of that consistently throughout the year.
Randy Hogan: I think, the thinking of it from a market perspective, we have a global ag business, so if the market moves from one place to the to the other the business can pick that up, regardless of whether it's here or in other geographies.
Randy Hogan: We've got about a $100 million of revenue annually in which we create precisions spray. We have an OEM relationship where we've been really driving our nozzles onto the OEM side and then we also are getting good aftermarket lift in that business. So it's a share and creating new products and those new products create value to the farmers.
Randy Hogan: As John talked about that, that's part of the reason why we've mixed up is because we’ve exited through divestitures of product line exit, so some of the lower - lower performing parts of the business.
Randy Hogan: I think in the filtration side take that as a global business and a global opportunity, so yes there is more innovation and technology required there. There's also today we don't go to the consumer with our brand. So there's some brand investment required. So I think you're thinking about it correctly.
Randy Hogan: I think, we’ll start to get benefits here in the second half. But I mean, will - it will be generally rounding error as you think about differentiated growth and we hope to build over time to getting a predictable and consistent incremental 1% to 2% of differentiated growth over the long haul from these three activities.
John Stauch: Thank you, Randy. Not only for your 17 years or 68 quarters of distinguished leadership as CEO, but also thank you for the opportunity to lead the new Pentair. Please turn to slide number eight, titled New Pentair Executive Summary. As a reminder, Mark and I will be discussing the results, outlook and strategies for the new Pentair or the Water business, excluding Electrical. We reported core sales growth of 4% with all three of our businesses contributing. Return on sales showed solid expansion of 180 basis points to 16%. For the full year for the new Pentair, we have narrowed our guidance to core sales growth of 3% to 4%, ROS expansion of approximately 50 basis points to 18% and adjusted EPS is now expected to be $2.25 to $2.30 as our strong start to the year gives us confidence to raise the lower end of the range. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark to discuss the first quarter results and update you on our full year 2018 outlook.
John Stauch: Yes, Steve. Certainly there is some in there in the first quarter related to separation and then you know, comparing to last year, we were down a little bit, but really when you look at it historically around down $150 million - is a little bit more of the norm. So last year was a little bit better than normal this year, is a little bit more in line with historical levels. And you know, we're not seeing any major concern through the remainder of the year with respect to hitting the target of 100% of adjusted net income.
John Stauch: Yes. $20 million, $30 million probably now and then there'll be more of that, that will have additional separation related cash outflows in the second quarter as well.
John Stauch: We've got a strong funnel of material productivity actions that the team's been building and there's a high level of confidence that through the remainder of the year, through the productivity actions we'll be able to offset that increased inflation. So we still view productivity and price offsetting inflation…
John Stauch: If you look at water quality real quickly, on the full year you'll notice that inflation is slightly higher than when we gave our guidance in February. And also though embedded in there productivity is a little better and then just assuming the productivity column and we might have a little contingency as we work through the rest of the year.
John Stauch: Yeah. So we bought 150 back in the quarter and we think that was prudent. And you know, as we look forward I mean, as we mentioned, first of all we want to drive the cash and we do think we're a strong cash generator and then we want to continue to work on organic growth and maintain investment grade. And then really choosing wisely between you know, incrementally more buybacks or doing tuck-in acquisitions and that's how we think we can drive value and our capital is precious and we want to use it wisely.
John Stauch: Yeah. I mean, it is long-term, I mean you know, 2 to 2.5 times leverage is you know, probably the appropriate place to be, but we're no rush to get there. We’ll be slightly under levered. And I think we want to continue to focus on organic growth capabilities and preserve and manage our potential funnel focused on areas that have historically organically grown, which you know for us is our Aquatic Systems business. And you know just continue to add value where we can. So I think - you know, I think for modeling purposes that's a good place to be, but I wouldn't certainly think we feel any urgency to get immediately up to that level. Right now I think we're really encouraged by the work we're doing to build the growth culture internally. These three strategic priorities have really got the focus of the organization and we're getting good tack and execution plans are below them and I think we're all excited about the opportunity that we can drive an organic growth.
John Stauch: And so half of that - half of that you could classify as more industrial facing opportunities, which is our food and beverage and our ex [ph] flow membranes play in there, Deane, and they're very important not only to our short term value creation, but also into our long-term value creation and coming back into the residential, commercial markets. Because I think you know that technology starts with the applications of the municipal side and the industrial side and then usually get scaled and gets then some traction in the commercial and residential, so very key. The other half of that would be our municipal products, primarily our pumps. And again you know, technology and the partnerships we have with different municipalities and the APCs help create some value and translate in the rest of the business. So right now it's really more about, they’re important businesses and they need to continue to grow and continue to drive cash. But the incremental investment will be geared to the 80%. That's what our messaging is both externally and internally. And I think it's resonating.
John Stauch: They're in Flow Technologies and they'll also be in the segment called Filtration Solutions. And we'll be sharing that on an annual basis kind of what are you know, percentages of revenue are and sure as you ask us we'll be able to tell you how those market segments are doing.
John Stauch: Yes, that's included and you know, all in, we are having new product introductions this year like we usually do. It's all of that is included in the expectations for the year Deane. And you know, as you mentioned, Q2 is a very important quarter, right now all indications are it's going to be another great season and we're going to participate in that.
John Stauch: Sure. Really I think the story in both places is stabilization, as I as I talked about a little bit. So both businesses continue to focus on the things that will improve and reduce some of the variability and stabilize both topline and bottom line, removing and reducing the complexity in the businesses and focusing on the areas where we can profitably grow. So we're cautiously optimistic that in both cases we're going to see that those trends continue and see the return to topline growth and see improve profitability.
John Stauch: Yeah. As Mark mentioned, there's a big mix benefit here. I mean, when we - when we go after the large projects in filtration which have been a nuisance to you guys, as well as us, they don't bring any real value to the bottom line. So by not growing those areas we actually do get a mix pick up like. The second one inflow, I mean, the reducing of the complexity as well, I mean, we had a lot of under scaled product lines globally and by exiting those and you know, optimizing the portfolio we're seeing the benefit of what the residential, commercial drop-throughs are. So I think it's a focused portfolio on both around the things that we really honestly think we can differentiate against competition and differentiate our consumer’s eyes. And then we're benefiting from that growth.
John Stauch: Well, I think, first of all the former, right. I mean, we have our best business that often is - unfortunately became the cash cow for funding some of those non-prioritized areas of business that we’re talking about. So is allowing them to invest where they think the opportunities are. On the automation side, we are - we have a great product on the high end of the market, but not everybody can afford the high end automation products. So it's about serving the mid-market and the entry level of automation and we think we've got a great product there, that's going to be introduced in the short run. And then also making sure we got a high efficiency heater, which we just launched this year. So both the technology and a new product introduction, as you know those things need to be nurtured in the early quarters of launch and we also think that we have to build our brand at the consumer level, we're really well-known at the dealer level. And we like to market ourselves direct to the consumer to make sure we're taking advantage of all the different aftermarket opportunities that we would have.
John Stauch: I think the long-term incremental is closer to 45 days and all in. And I remind you guys that you know, we had a tough project challenge last year and we call that out last year and that was a help this year. But beyond that you know, 45-ish to 50 that's our drop-throughs. And then how do we invest wisely goes into the productivity bucket.
John Stauch: Sure. It's really the focus is getting out of product lines or markets that are underperforming. So I wouldn't anticipate that there's any significant cash that comes in. We're certainly not giving the businesses away by any means. But you know, given the nature of the businesses and the size it's not it's not something that we're seen as a big uptick in cash. For us it's small geographies that we don't feel that we can - that we've got the scale to be able to be competitive, so exiting businesses in Brazil in Russia in South Africa, places like that and then small product line, product line in Australia, a few other smaller product lines, things that we wouldn't have talked about before. But think of them as distractions that you know, pulled resources away from the focus on what are the priorities in the areas that we think we can really double down on and do better. And so the intent was to get those behind us all again as part of this process of separating and standing up to new businesses and creating a water business that we feel can be successful going forward. So - and those things are all underway and we anticipate that they'll be completed over the course of the next couple of quarters.
John Stauch: No real reason. I mean, if we continue trends it will be better, but we’ve got to see how Q2 comes out and then we'll adjust accordingly as the year unfolds.
John Stauch: Right now it's just year-over-year comparisons in Q2, Q3 and Q4. We generally took the Q1 upside and moved it the year and we haven't adjusted anything yet in Q2, Q3 and Q4 until we see how the seasonality unfolds in Q2.
John Stauch: Yeah, if you were to put it linear by quarter, we spent a couple million less than that linearization in Q1 and it ramps up as we head into Q3 and Q4.
John Stauch: Yes, so as Mark mentioned, I mean, there's tariff one which is steel aluminum, is really nominal impact to us for the year and that's focused into this forecast or factoring in this forecast. As far as the next round of tariffs as Mark mentioned, we're grinding through all the different codes and the products and you know, trying to explore what the impact to us would be and the actions would be and we're not prepared to share anything on that at this moment.
John Stauch: Thank you. Randy Hogan Okay. Thank you for joining us today and I hope you have heard our excitement for the new Pentair that is expected to be completed by April 30th. As a pure-play water company we believe we'll be well positioned to benefit from strong secular trends. We are driven by the Pentair integrated management system and we have a proven and capable management team in place. One of the things we like most about our portfolio of businesses is our large and installed base. This allows us an opportunity to drive differentiated offerings for our customers across all of our businesses. Finally, we have a strong capital structure. Our free cash flow generation is robust. We plan to continue to be disciplined with our precious capital. Thank you for your continued interest. Angie you can conclude the call.
