Randall J. Hogan: Thanks, John. Please turn to Slide 14 labeled Summary. In closing, we delivered on our commitments year-to-date, and we remain well positioned to meet our 2013 full year goals. The top line has been a challenge this year with delays in large projects and a greater-than-anticipated headwind from Australia. But on the brighter side, mix remains favorable, and we continue to see growth in Residential and Food & Beverage where we do control our destiny. Our integration and standardization efforts continue to build momentum, and we now expect $120 million in synergies in 2013 versus our original target of $90 million for the year. We're pleased with the success of the integration so far. We realize that there is still a lot of work to be done, but the adoption of PIMS within the Flow Control businesses continues to exceed our expectation and we are adopting one Pentair culture. Finally, I'd like to thank Mike Schrock for being a great partner the past 15 years. Mike and I started at Pentair a week apart and he's been a great contributor to building our operating agenda and our transformation from a holding company to an operating company. With that, I'll ask the operator to open it up for questions.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, the only thing I'd add, Steve, I'm much more focused on the bottom line than the top line, but we always focus -- we, obviously, want to get better at forecasting the top line. One of the things that John has it right, one of the things that we didn't know going into the third quarter was how much the shift from the third quarter closeout of the year to the fourth quarter closeout of the year would affect the behavior in the Flow Control businesses. And I think we saw some, I would call less aggressive closing of orders. John talked about sales. But in terms of orders, I think there was less aggressive closing out of orders in the quarter that we are, in fact, seeing close in the fourth quarter. So I think it was a learning quarter for us.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, and it really is -- it's what we call the advance of water. It's the desal projects, it's the big wastewater projects that have been the net drag in fast-growth markets. Actually, beverage -- Food & Beverage has done very well.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, I'd just echo that and mention that the Lean is off to a great start. It's helping -- it's really helping delivery right now. But it takes a little while for Lean to hit productivity and the sourcing. The sourcing productivity has been really outstanding. And we think the funnel still looks good there for more.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes, I would just say when we look and we talk to customers about their capital plans, which, obviously, the thing that drive the large projects, even the medium-sized projects for the oil & gas industry, the capital plans remain solid. And I would say not down, not up. Maybe slightly up, but not greatly up. And what they're doing is they're looking to save costs. For us, we're a valve supplier to large projects. So the valves are not a big part of those projects and there seems to be more intense conversations between the end customer and the E&P players who control the projects overall. So the activities are, I think, about trying to be more cost effective on the implementation of these projects. That's my read of it -- that's our read of it, not just mine but our team's read of it. But these projects are going to go forward. So a number of projects we saw in the Middle East, a number of projects we've seen in the power industry, they've sort of slipped into the right, which is a term I hate. But it's what we're seeing right now but not outright canceling, with the exception of a couple of really large projects that everyone knows have been canceled up in Canada that have been canceled before. We haven't seen any other cancellations.
Randall J. Hogan: Right. And particularly in Europe, I mean, where it has lagged. But with residential returning to a more stable environment in Europe, that bodes well for us further because that's an important market for us in the Residential Filtration business.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, that's certainly something we talk to all our presidents about and the businesses and there is a lot of focus on cost structure. But we've been very selective in terms of hitting cost structure on the go-to-market side. Most of the structure has been on what I would call the G&A side and then manufacturing side and -- but we certainly are aware of that risk. We've also been -- I mean, I do think that our focus on profitable growth probably has kept us from having as high a top line as we might have. But frankly, I don't want any more projects that don't make money. So if that's all we're losing, I'm okay with that.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, we have. We've got clear focus on that margin. The Valves & Controls business was reorganized into -- from an end-market focus, which was really focused on market share and there were measures on market share and in growing in each of the verticals. And now, we're focused on product line profitability and functional excellence. And so I do believe that, that change has been beneficial in terms of making sure that we are taking profitable projects. I can't comment on what the rest of Tyco is doing.
Randall J. Hogan: Let me talk about while John's looking it up, let me talk about just in general. The Flow Control businesses used to close out their fiscal year at the end of September, if you recall, that we moved to fourth quarter after taking over a year ago. If you recall, all those businesses had weak fourth quarters and they had spectacularly strong third quarters. And so this is our first time through that change and we'll see -- we'll see -- we expect that there was some orders that would have been booked maybe in -- with a different fiscal year in the third quarter that will get booked in the fourth quarter.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, we haven't given 2014 guidance yet. But when we look at Aquatics and Food & Beverage in particular, with the exception of agriculture, which has had some benefits in the U.S. with some tax treatments and they're going to expire at the end of the year, which I think is going to slow down irrigation and maybe crop spray. With the Foodservice -- in Foodservice right now, we have a lot of momentum and globally we've had a lot of momentum. And then Food & Beverage, we have a great backlog in the beverage and dairy business. So I feel good about that. In terms of Aquatics, Aquatics, as you know, has controlled their own destiny for some time. And now on top of that, they've got growth in the end markets. I mean, they were growing for 3 years while the market was declining, and now on top of that, the market's going up and they continue to innovate. So I have great confidence in Aquatics growth.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, we have frame agreements with a lot of those customers already, so we have, if you will, we have a preferred or at least a right to bid on those. So we will work those with the customer if it gets spec-ed in immediately, even before they announce them usually. So you can bet we're working on them. They will award them typically after the EPC awards so...
Randall J. Hogan: Generally, on Valves, we recognize them when we ship them so -- but they'll ship in -- there's multiple valves, so they ship in multiple orders. And right now, we feel good about the process industry in general, in chemicals in general in North America and -- because of those kind of large but also a lot of smaller projects that are going in there. I can't comment specifically on when I expect those to -- would ship if we win them.
Randall J. Hogan: If I tell you it's '14, it'll probably be '15. If I tell you it was '15, it'll probably be '14. So I'm not going to give you a date.
Randall J. Hogan: It is right to focus on it though because -- I mean, we're focused on it because, I mean, when they're putting in ethylene crackers, they're making long-term bets on an industry and the market for those monomer streams. So they're -- they're there and there will be other investments to go along with it. I actually think it's a new day for chemicals in America.
Randall J. Hogan: Let me talk about it within the whole arc of this merger. I mean, originally when we first looked at the forecast of the Flow Control outlook, it was pretty high. We took it down, on what you're asking, the 5%. And then you're asking is if the 5% isn't there, what can we do? And I would tell you that, clearly, the orders, themselves, have not been consistent with what we would have anticipated 15 months ago. But having spent a year with the business, the opportunities for productivity are even better than I thought. So my answer would be and then we'll see what John -- my answer would if the volume isn't there, I'm still committed to get to 5% and I think we know the way.
Randall J. Hogan: One thing is we're not overreacting to the vagaries of the up and down. The standard deviation around orders is 10%, plus or minus, every quarter. So we're trying not to overreact to just the vagaries quarter-to-quarter. That said, we believe that we can do a better job of priority focus on growing the markets that are most -- growing in the markets that are most attractive. That may require us to fill in some product line gaps. We're not the strongest, for instance, upstream. We're not as strong upstream as we think we'd like to be, for example. But it's also to make sure that we're investing in the markets that are growing. We mentioned India was down. We need to be bigger in some of the markets. We want to be bigger in the Middle East. We want to be bigger in Africa. So it's both a geography focus and it's a product line priority. And that's what we're doing in the planning cycle now. We make sure that we're putting our best resources against those priority focuses.
Randall J. Hogan: And we've talked about some examples. I mentioned the investment we've made to localize commercial pumps in the Middle East, leveraging the Sharjah factory. We've invested even more than that in the Middle East. We've talked before about the investments we made to cross-sell valves in the Food & Beverage business. So some of the wins we've invested in MRO and that's up 6%, 7% in the quarter. So we're seeing results from the investments we made and we've talked about them.
Randall J. Hogan: I learned under a master to never be comfortable with the forecast. We're committed to the forecast.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, we were active in the marketplace, looking at the different opportunities and we want to be as disciplined as we have always been, which is we start with what fits our strategy, so the product line gaps are, I'm not going to comment about specific ones, but the product line gaps are our key starting point for that. We got to make sure that we're disciplined in terms of the financials and that we continue to hew to the promises we made to shareholders in terms of our stock buyback program and the agencies and our overall capital plan. So I wouldn't predict as to when we might announce any kind of bolt-on.
Randall J. Hogan: I think I mentioned we don't expect mining to go up. Power, we're seeing activity in power, but that's been sliding sideways. I think, overall, we expect orders will be up from the third quarter.
Randall J. Hogan: Yes. Just remember, Brian, the backlog page there just applies to Valves & Controls. Most of our Industrial is booked and shipped. It's not the -- it doesn't run really through a backlog number. That's where the Equipment Protection business is. That's where, frankly, a lot of Valves & Controls and Thermal is, too.
Randall J. Hogan: Anyhow, the parts and service business, which is a focus for us, a greater focus, and it was up between 5% and 7% pretty much across all verticals. We sort of look at that as service and parts MRO. So interestingly, on the service side, a lot of the services is done on other people's valves. We think that's a nice growth area with this keener focus on the service side. So I would expect it to continue at that kind of a range.
Randall J. Hogan: Well, mix was actually positive in the Technical Solutions segment because there was more product sales and less big projects, right? I mean, the big projects have lower margin, so that was a positive mix in the quarter. I never believe a margin should be -- is at peak. I mean, I think it's the fact that we booked -- it's over 20% this quarter proves that. I think other people in the past have said it's an 18 peak or is a 19 peak and now we're over 20. So I would say there is no peak.
Randall J. Hogan: All right. Thank you, all. And operator, if you could give the replay, please. Thank you, all, for your attention.
John L. Stauch: Yes, Steve, good question. And we'll tag team here, Randy and I. I think, when you take a look at Q3 versus forecast, in summary, we missed about $50 million in Australia. Half of that was actually currency, which we did not see coming, and 1/2 of that was roughly book and ship business that was expected in the quarter and now we don't expect that even in Q4. And we're anticipating that Australia becomes flat to the current levels in Q3 well into 2014, given the conditions there on mining and given the overall state of the economy. In Thermal, you notice the miss. On a year-over-year basis, it was large projects. We shipped a big Voyageur contract last year. We were not anticipating large projects in the quarter. It was actually Europe where they were the last to head into the decline mode. We have record backlogs in Europe and the projects started to -- or the ship dates on those book and ship businesses started to slip throughout Q3 into Q4. We've only put part of that into our forecast for Q4 and the rest of the uptick reflects what we think is the new normal seasonality coming out of Q3, which was the old fiscal year end for Tyco Flow and now reflecting the new year-end fiscal year end. And so a lot of these projects that would have been rushed to completion, if you will, in September on the order side, we now think have their normal completion in the Q4 timeframe. Randy, I don't know if you want...
John L. Stauch: Well, Steve, yes. I mean, 2 things. I mean, first of all, you know Randy and I both work around large-project backlog businesses, you should not miss large project forecasts. And so I want clarify that's not where we missed it because you have your backlog, you have your shippable backlog. And even if you expect a little bit of slippage, you put that into your estimates. This is knowledge about, I think, the fiscal year end the seasonality of these businesses. And overall, I think we were able to manage through it effectively. And if you look at the year's forecast, as a matter of fact, what we've done, we've had some strong quarters of growth and we've had lesser quarters of growth. And I think that reflects more of the choppy seasonality last year within the Flow Control businesses than it does a normalized seasonal pattern that you're seeing start to form here throughout 2013.
John L. Stauch: Nothing unusual. I mean, one of our goals when we closed the merger was to make sure we're focusing on margin and backlog, especially in the Valves & Controls businesses. We've been very disciplined on the types of orders and types of jobs we're winning and I think that's starting to show in the margin expansion in that business. So I think it's not just about growing, it's about growing profitably. And I think you're seeing the effect of that.
John L. Stauch: Yes, just a clarification. I mean, overall, fast-growth was up around 2% in the quarter, still not a great number. But overall for Pentair, it was plus 2. We did see clearly in Water & Fluid, we were down 8% and most of that really was India. And so I think, overall, we're seeing still strength in China in our product platform there. We're up 23% in the quarter in China. And where we were down in Water & Fluid, it was primarily India and a little bit of Middle East. And as Randy mentioned, I mean, there hasn't been a lot of desal programs going on in that region.
John L. Stauch: Yes, Deane. I think the upside was clearly sourcing and Lean, which I mentioned in my comments. And I think we always knew we were going to get that. I mean, we have a great Lean and sourcing culture here. I think the upside coming forward will be the Lean enterprise, which is all the back office structures that we think we can get more synergies through. And we've been planning for that all this year. We didn't expect any of that to hit in 2013 and we're set up nicely now for 2014 and for savings related to those projects. So we feel really good about where we are in the synergy road map.
John L. Stauch: Deane, I think no one is working harder on that than us. And I think we feel more knowledgeable today than we did a year ago. I mean, clearly, as I mentioned, if you looked at Flow Control's results last year, they were bouncing around a little bit. I think we feel very good about the seasonality being delivered in 2013 in the normal execution. And to your point, Thermal, which is -- likes cold weather is going to have a stronger Q4 in that its normal shipping pattern because of shipping ahead of the cold weather, the anticipated cold weather. So that's the only real seasonal business other than Australia, which will have a stronger Q2 historically.
John L. Stauch: I would just say, Mike, and I'll have Randy make some comment, we like the trend there. I mean, we were -- this high single-digit type of growth pace that we're on is a good place for us to do well and then to make money in. And I think, we would have been more concerned if we would have saw the huge spikes and the overbuying of the houses or the over-delivery of the housing permits. I mean, I think, we still feel we're in a healthy environment. Obviously, 6 years of decline now coming back relatively strong and our pace of activity is flowing through as we would expect it, pool with the high-end consumer and there we've had strength because of our energy content. Also, we haven't seen a huge impact in Residential Flow, as you know. That's more of a weather dependent, not a new housing start. But we're starting to see in the quarter, finally, the water filtration plays and the growth in that space.
John L. Stauch: Well, that is net -- yes, it's the net impact of volume and foreign exchange and we dropped that through in op margin in that walk. And then the leverage of that or the lack of leverage comes in the productivity side of the equation.
John L. Stauch: We can measure the margin and backlog, though, Steve, and that's the measure if that backlog is a more profitable backlog than it is today.
John L. Stauch: Yes, I mean, the actual, if you add it all up, you should be somewhere around $562 million to $565 million, Jeff, in total orders. And clearly...
John L. Stauch: As Randy reflected, they sequentially, from Q3 to Q4, dropped significantly well below $575 million in orders in Q4, reflecting a peak in Q3 and then a big drop in Q4. We're now expecting a more normalized pattern between Q3 and Q4 with a little uptick in Q4 versus Q3. So I think this is about the seasonality of the year end more than it is about an indication of what's going on in industry trends.
John L. Stauch: I think -- just a follow-on, I think as we take a look forward on the Food & Beverage side, I would think about 1/2 of the year growth rate this year is what we would be anticipating next year with, as Randy said, ag being the tougher comps next year and the Food & Beverage and Foodservice side continuing to go forward. Clearly in Aquatic, we're not going to continue that rate of growth as well but high single digits is certainly something that we feel is achievable over the next several years.
John L. Stauch: I think the way I would describe it is what I said in my script was -- in my comments was that we're clearly, as a company, sitting around 8% G&A and that's well higher than historically Pentair has ever been. 6% is our targeted G&A for 2015. If you take that 2-point times sales and you start adding that to the current synergies and assume that we'll continue to get sourcing and continue to get Lean rollout, we feel very good about our potential ability to continue to expand margins. We're cautious about providing the funnels because as we said, this is about productivity and synergies and we need both. And so we're really driving a rate of margin expansion through ensuring that we're getting from both sides of the Flow Control and legacy Pentair the right amount of margin expansion in gross margin and the operating expense leverage. So we're working both simultaneously and the only way we'd win is the bottom line. So we feel good about what pipeline we have.
John L. Stauch: And Brian, those are not -- those are -- I mean, a large order for us is going to be in the 10 million to 20 million of valves range and that's a large, large order. So I mean, we're talking about series of $2 million to $5 million orders here and those are all the types of things that continue to add confidence to the growing industrial process side.
John L. Stauch: Yes, and then -- I obviously agree with Randy because he's really demanding. And I'd say when you look at Slide 6 and you look at our percentage of our overall revenue in backlog and -- it feels, as we were talking about earlier, that industrial process is starting to pick up and industrial has been flat throughout most of the year. And if you look at other people's order rates there, it's been improving. That's really the one we need to move forward into a mid-single digits to be able to contribute that higher single-digit growth rate. And we're feeling good about the activity there and we're feeling good how that's starting to unfold. As you could see, there's a lot of focus on mining. But for our mining business, it's less than 10% of our overall sales. So the downturn there -- or the upturn doesn't move the needle the way industrial process does.
John L. Stauch: Yes, Scott. I mean, I think, as Randy mentioned, it was a key focus of ours not to attack or go after the sales and marketing and the growth-related resource as a percentage of sales. We've held the percentage of sales, and in most cases, increased them. And so the focus has been on the Lean, the operations and also the back office driving the synergies and making sure that we're continuing to invest it. But as Randy mentioned earlier, now we're spending a lot of time making sure the money is being spent in the appropriate areas that can actually drive the most profitable growth and that's a big part of the 2014 planning activity.
John L. Stauch: Absolutely. And Scott, think what you're hearing from Randy and I today is we've had a year now to look at these businesses and understand what was in the core, what was in the base. You look at some of the projects that have come out in Australia, you look at some of the megas that were there in Thermal that are no longer there, primarily the Voyageur project, and we take a look at where we are in the base and the core growth rate in the base and it more than reflects what we want to on an ongoing basis. So we feel we're coming off of this base, knowing what's in there and the ability to grow organically, we feel very good with that and the cost structure to achieve our commitments.
John L. Stauch: Yes, we're not reflecting any of that at the moment. And we would feel it would be our problem to absorb and deal with that as well.
John L. Stauch: I think we feel like we learned a little bit about the Australian dollar in the quarter. And I think we've got that forecasted to not recover. And at some point, if a currency goes even much weaker, it should help its ability to export out. So right now, as of this date, there's nothing that we can factor in. But we're not weather forecasters either.
John L. Stauch: That should be completely dropped through, correct. I mean, obviously, we have to manage inflation and those types of things. But that's why we're showing that chart the way we're showing it is that run rate should be incremental even on flat growth.
John L. Stauch: That's correct. And I think industrial process and oil & gas is where we'd expect them to go up. And as Randy mentioned, mining's likely to be down and power is likely to be flattish. Now you ask us to split hairs on a $2.5 billion business. So it's not something we usually do, is provide prospective orders by vertical market. But right now, that's indicative of what markets we think will continue to expand.
John L. Stauch: And I said in my comments, in 2012, in Energy and Thermal, there was a Voyageur project in which we anticipated in the beginning of the year having that Voyageur project continuing within '13. That project, as Randy mentioned, is canceled. So the last year-over-year headwind in Thermal Energy related to projects was in Q3. And that's a big piece of the turnaround as you look at Q4 and full year.
John L. Stauch: There was some project, book-and-ship Industrial in Europe. Record backlogs and the shipment timing was delayed from Q3 into Q4.
John L. Stauch: We think it's sustainable because what turned down substantially was a lower-margin Australian business, which is on the lower end of the margin within Water & Fluid. So our results in Q3 reflect that. And in Q4 and beyond, we don't have any recovery in that product line anticipated due to the economy there. In Thermal, as we mentioned, it was the impact of larger projects, which are still nicely profitable but nowhere near the drop-through of the pure product shipments. Again, not planning any large project activity in the near term as well.
John L. Stauch: Australia, on a full year basis for 2012, was about $1 billion, just under $1 billion of total revenue within the overall Pentair. And in Q3, it represented just under $200 million. So we've -- we're down about $50 million, as I mentioned, year-over-year. So it kind of gives you the rate of change.
John L. Stauch: I think it has an effect in MRO and you'll hear this from others as well. I think when the refineries run full out as they did in the quarter, it does delay some of the MRO spending. But overall, you're right to think about 55-ish percent is the installed base for us and that continues to do nicely.
John L. Stauch: And to follow on to Randy, I think we're still as optimistic. I mean, I believe and Randy has been -- has this experience, too, great businesses get even greater and they see more. And this our business that's been after Lean for the longest period of time. And we continue to think that the margins will expand from here.
