D. G. Macpherson: As I mentioned, there are really three sources to that growth; one is getting more share with active customers; another is reengaging lapsed customers who've been customers in the past; and the third is the acquisition piece. We're going to spend time talking about more details in the near future. But we’re seeing growth across all three of those. I would say we’re still fairly early days in the new customer acquisition piece, but we have dedicated some marketing dollars to acquire new customers, and we've seen we've seen good response with that.
D. G. Macpherson: So the accounting change does not have an impact on operating earnings. It's just shifts from GP to expense. When we look at what we saw in the first quarter, we're obviously happy with the expense leverage we're getting. And we're happy with what we're seeing from the customer response, both from a volume and from a price point level. So without going into too much detail, there were some elements that we talked about in detail that will not repeat that are in that number, but a lot of the benefit we think is real from the U.S.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. So it's not all contractual, but what we've seen is, given some commodity price increase, we've seen some market prices creep up, and we've been able to take those. And our COGS performance has been better than those price increases. So effectively for us, that shows our best price cost spread and we think we’re going to have a little favorability for the year relative to what we originally expected.
D. G. Macpherson: So just as a reminder, so our pricing philosophy is to price to market and we've gotten prices to what we think are the right market levels. If market prices go up, we will watch that closely and make some adjustments. We're seeing two benefits, one is a little bit of inflation and the other is from our customer mix where we're seeing growth with attractive customers at higher margins and with attractive volumes sources within existing customers as well. So there is really two going on, one is the inflation benefit that we get and the other is customer mix benefit.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, if the contracts push out and we don’t get them completed, then we haven’t lowered the price for our customer yet. And so that’s why it’s a benefit that we don’t expect to continue, because we will complete those contracts.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, right. We’re only talked two separate things, we’re talking about revenue recognition in the back that’s the accounting standard change that we talked about before. I think you are asking a question about the accounting change for revenue recognition for some form of the cash based customers, that’s a very -- that’s a small piece of the $0.45, it’s separate.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, so we have looked at it. We will continue to look at it. It’s a little bit unclear yet that the impact it’s going to have on some of categories we participate in. We look at it two ways; one is understanding the financials the other is making sure that we’ve got the right decision on sourcing. And depending on certain tariffs, we may lose suppliers as well. So we don’t have a conclusion. Obviously, certain tariffs will be very inflationary for the market and others might not. And so we’re looking at the specifics to understand what we will need to do.
D. G. Macpherson: So let me break that in two buckets. I would say one of the things we're seeing is that for large contract customers, our pricing has always been competitive and so we're not seeing substantial GP rate contraction with large customers. I think it's relatively business as usual. I think we're going to execute well, and we still have a lot of growth with large customers. Mid-size customers, what were findings is that price points we’re at are actually good for both acquiring customers and reengaging relapse customers, and we have not reached yet a large portion of that market. So I feel like we have a fairly long runway to grow with midsize customers, and certain large customers where we haven’t historically had contract. So while we've always said the back half of the year will be lower revenue growth, because of the comparisons, we feel like we’re well positioned to continue to gain share.
D. G. Macpherson: So I think the two topics are going to be; one mid-size customers understanding a little bit more detail what we're seeing with that with that group; and the other will be around digital broadly. So I think those will be the topics that we focused on that will be additive and new.
D. G. Macpherson: No, I mean they really were very minor changes in terms of the demand environment and volume throughout the quarter, throughout the entire business.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. So the market is a big portion of that and we're also seeing some higher share gain with midsize customers for sure than we expected, and with large customer as well. So it's a bit of market and share gain.
D. G. Macpherson: So in terms of GP rate, we're 20 basis points better than we were previously in terms of what we expect for the U.S.
D. G. Macpherson: We haven't given margin guidance for the year for the U.S. segment. No, we're anticipating -- no, we're obviously encouraged by what we’re seeing.
D. G. Macpherson: I think you may be asking two questions simultaneously. So what we talked about is our reset this year is going to be 200 basis points decrement. And then we talked about positive price cost above that. And so yes, price costs are going to be positive for the year for sure. It will happen to going into next year, we'll start talking about that later in the year as we would expect that 300 basis points to go -- hoping much smaller and we’ll probably won't talk about that really until November.
D. G. Macpherson: Deane, I think most of the benefit we're actually seeing is customer mix. So the fact that mid-size customers have generally higher GP rates and are less on negotiated prices than large customers. And so historically the last six or seven years, we've been growing large contract volumes faster than mid-size customers that has reversed, and so you get some positive mix benefit on the GP.
D. G. Macpherson: So I think it's really not even close to a comparison. The reality is that as we went through our ERP implementation in Canada and the Canadian dollar few years ago went down, we did not pass through price increases that the rest of the market did. So we got to a position where prices are well below market. And as we've improved our service and come out of that, we've been able to pass some of those prices through. So it's really not even analogous situation at all today.
D. G. Macpherson: Cromwell is performing as expected at this point. We've made a bunch of changes to that business. We've read on the supply chain, which is performing much better, put in a new Web site and that's performing better. But it's performing as expected.
D. G. Macpherson: And I’ve talked about this before. If we had not have the initiatives we had, we would have had COGS inflation this year of 2%, 3%, 4%, somewhere in that range. And so our own efforts around line reviews, managing COGS, PPO, we call PPO that’s basically going through and understanding the cost of our products and working with suppliers to get the right assortment and the right cost. Those efforts have had a significant impact, and that’s why we expect slightly negative COGS inflation this year.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, and so I think I would probably tease those into two. One is I think we’re getting the benefit we expected. I don’t know that’s necessarily better than we expected, it’s quite an important benefit or one that the team has done a nice job of. I think in terms of things like tariffs that would be something the whole market would see and we would then be raising price to offset those if in fact those tariffs were to become reality. So we’re watching those closely. That would be a separate issue generally.
D. G. Macpherson: We’ll probably talk about that as we go forward. I think the incremental margins on that mid size customer are strong obviously, which is great. New customer acquisition does have a little bit different economics, although it would still be very positive to the business we believe.
D. G. Macpherson: No that’s still -- we have the exact same expectations we had in November for the Canadian business at this point. That has not changed.
D. G. Macpherson: So I think to understand freight impact, you have to understand how our freight works. In U.S., most of our orders actually go through parcel, although not necessarily most of the dollars. And we do not own our own fleet. So we use third parties. We have contracts with third-parties. Certainly, for truckload and less than truckload volume, there is a lot of upward freight pressure right now. We don't do a whole lot of truckload and we do some LTL. And so we are actively managing that. Certainly, there's some upward pressure. We probably have managed it well, so far, I would say and we’re watching it very closely.
D. G. Macpherson: This is not our decision at all. This is just customer processes potentially taking longer than we have thought they might take. So we aren’t deferring anything. These are customer processes that are taking time to work through.
D. G. Macpherson: I would say that the online businesses continue to grow very strongly, and continue to have strong margins. They’re performing as we would expect. The international piece of the portfolio really is a much narrower piece of the portfolio, it's Cromwell, Fabory, China, Mexico and some export business at this point. So we've gone through a fairly long process of cleaning up that portfolio. And the good news is that is all profitable and contributing to profitability for the company. So we feel good about having the right portfolio at this time.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, I'm going to let Tom get more than three days under his belt before we dive into that. But we’re not changing anything right now, but we will continue to talk to our board about long-term capital allocation as we move forward.
D. G. Macpherson: I think I would point to a couple of things. One is we were $1.5 billion to $2 billion in mid-size customers at one point, which is probably 3% or 4% market share, we’re down to 2% now. So that's -- it's small in either case but we think we can certainly grow share. We think there are $0.5 million of attractive mid-size customer we have relationships with $60,000 plus of them. So we feel like there is a long runway of mid-size customers to acquire and to build relationships with.
D. G. Macpherson: So it’s been ongoing for several years. And it was a little bit new way of thinking about how we manage our assortment in COGS. I would say that every year, we run different processes for different parts of the portfolio. In some cases, the much simpler part of the process and some cases, it's more involved like PPO. But we're certainly not done, we're going to continue to work on the assortment and we always start with the assortment, and the cost of that assortment. And so that will be a consistent process for us.
D. G. Macpherson: So Easter would have been a very small impact and probably not worth talking about. I would say, the weather, we had 1% increase in seasonal sales a lot of that was nor Easters it’s just pounding or I guess the East. So that was most of that in March.
D. G. Macpherson: So net-net the expectation is that the underlying GP will be 20 basis points better than we had said back in the fourth quarter.
D. G. Macpherson: Well if you call, we're actually merging Gamut and Grainger.com and building a lot of those capabilities into Grainger.com at this point. The team is working to build those capabilities and we'll provide a bit of an update at EPG in May.
D. G. Macpherson: So it’s coming in both places and we’re seeing nice growth with the covered customers through inside sales. But we’re seeing very high growth through digital channels as well, so it’s really coming in both places. We have capacity in inside sales and we will add capacity if that makes sense, so we are not constrained if we’re getting profitable growth. But so far, we’re seeing it both places and really just continuing to dive and understand the sources of benefit.
D. G. Macpherson: Market price increase is due to inflation and our ability to not take those in product cost that difference.
D. G. Macpherson: I would assume that the CFO we want to relook at pretty much everything. So yes, I would expect it would be a relook. I don’t know when the timing will occur.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, I mean our expectation is that a lot of that will be through digital means initially where we acquire customers through digital meter and then figure out how to best serve them. I think what we're seeing with some other digital efforts so far gives us confidence that that will be a positive contributor. And certainly, we made the change with the idea of reengaging existing customers and driving more volume through existing customers, and we reengaging lapse customers and acquire new customers, so all of that is important to our expectations going forward.
D. G. Macpherson: It's factored in although it's not a big portion of the 6% in the next couple of years, the expectation is longer term and that will become a bigger portion of it.
D. G. Macpherson: Thanks everybody for joining us. Obviously, we're very pleased with our progress in the U.S. We're pleased that pricing changes are resulting in strong growth with gross margin rates above expectations. I think we're probably most pleased with the fact that we’re really developing stronger relationships with customers and all different types of customers. In Canada, we like the progress we've made to-date, still a lot of work to go, but we really see signs of progress and we're excited to get that business back to a profitable state. And then our online model continues to drive great revenue and profitable growth, and our international businesses are all contributing. And we’re very happy with the expense leverage we've seen and continue to focus, we will continue to focus on making sure that we spend money wisely to drive growth and to serve our customers, and to improve our productivity. So we feel like we are really well positioned to gain share, improve our economics going forward. And thanks for being with us today.
D. G. MacPherson: So let me just describe. So tax benefit from stock-based awards, that's pretty clear. I think the one that's probably not, maybe not as obviously, is we had a change in accounting estimate, that's really we had a number of customers who have been on cash accountings, because we were very conservative. And when we looked at their credit risk, it's similar to rest of the business. We made a change that's going to now be an accrual system. So that's a modest portion of the $0.45. But that's the one that probably is a little bit odd, the others are fairly self-explanatory. And we're not providing necessarily the detail on the each -- the impact of each of those at this point.
D. G. MacPherson: So the things that were unusual in the quarter, Ryan, one is the timing of our sales meeting. And so we would expect the second quarter to be slightly lower, because that benefit was in the first quarter and won't be in the second quarter. It will be an offset effectively. Other than that, things are actually I think pretty stable with our GP rate.
D. G. MacPherson: Well, that's why we changed our expectations on GP, because of the customer mix and the inflation and that's why we've raised the U.S. 0.5 percentage point. So yes, that's absolutely the expectation for the year.
D. G. MacPherson: We actually think it’s going to be fairly stable. It's all really the sales meeting driving that difference. So it was a fairly significant benefit in the first quarter. And so when you take that out, there is really not sequential down really.
D. G. MacPherson: No, we’re not. And we’re not giving quarterly guidance on GP, we don’t do that. So we’ll talk more about it as we go forward. But we would say that the one thing we wanted to highlight is the timing of the sales meeting. We also had some benefit from COGS deflation in the quarter that was better than we had expected. Some of that is actually timing as well.
