Ronald Jadin: Thanks, DG. As DG noted, we've decided to accelerate the pricing actions in the U.S. this year versus spreading them out over a multi-year period to drive faster volume growth across all customers and enables more aggressive marketing to new and existing customers. On Slide 12, we explain the effect of our Q1 pricing actions and the acceleration. We will post additional reference slides to the IR site after the call. The top of the slide, the pie charts represents the U.S. large and medium business or $7 billion of the approximately $8 billion total U.S. segment, which includes specialty brands and inter-company sales to Zoro. The numbers below the line represents the U.S. segment. Today of the total $7 billion in U.S. large and medium business 60% or roughly $4 million is competitively priced and we will adjust prices as appropriate with inflation and other factors. $2 billion is less competitively priced and will be addressed through our contracting process. Previous guidance anticipated this taking multiple years. We've since found a way to expedite the process, removing the barrier to accelerating web pricing. This also enables us to regain some of the spot buy business we were losing. We expect this work to be complete by the end of 2018. So as you move to the pie charts on the right you see that slice of the pie goes away over the course of 2017 and 2018. So $1 billion is also less competitively priced and it is not part of a contract. With the web price acceleration in the third quarter of 2017 and more aggressive marketing will reverse the share decline in acquiring new customers. When you look at the full-year 2017 that slice of the pie will be competitively priced. First quarter pricing actions that DG mentioned earlier drove price deflation of 4% and GP margin decline of 190 basis points for the U.S. segment. With the acceleration of our pricing action from 2018 into the third quarter of 2017, we now expect U.S. price deflation of 5% for the year and a gross margin decline of 210 basis points in 2017. GP declines at a lesser rate than price in 2017 due to a benefit from COGS deflation as well as favorable mix. In 2018, the pie chart on the far right and the numbers on the bottom right corner, our pricing strategy will be fully deployed and the negative impact on price and GP rate will be complete. Now let's take a look at our 2017 guidance. Our first quarter results generated a higher customer volume response at lower price points versus our expectations. Accordingly, we recognized the need to lower our 2017 guidance. The middle column illustrates our 2017 assumption based on our learnings from the first quarter. This would put us at the low end of our January EPS guidance after removing the $0.13 benefit from the accounting change noted in the earnings release. Footnotes A and B on the slide reflect this point. The last column highlights the midpoint of our revised guidance including the price acceleration. It anticipates an incremental operating earnings write-down to $75 million comprised of $60 million in gross margin decline and $15 million in marketing expense to support the newly visible web pricing. The corresponding EPS write-down is $0.80 getting us to a midpoint of $10.65. Please reference our earnings release supplement for the new sales and EPS guidance ranges. On Slide 14, the price acceleration is a headwind to 2017 and 2018 gross profit margin, but enables us to recover operating margin by 2019. Our 2019 operating margin expectations of 12% to 13% remain consistent with what we shared at our Investor Day last November. Favorable mix and continued strong cost productivity and volume leverage allow us to stay on track and better positions us for stronger volume share gains and margin growth well into the future. Now I’ll turn it back to DG for closing remarks.
Ronald Jadin: Yes, that's just a guidepost for where we're heading Ryan so that's – we're not saying anything new about 2021.
Ronald Jadin: Sure, so we have guidance for 2017 and 2018 on the pie chart and – for the U.S. segment, we have expect the U.S. segment in the company going with it probably GP margin improvement of 25 to 50 basis points. So that's where we start to see the volume of the favorable mix outpaced the pricing, because we get the pricing behind this in 2018.
Ronald Jadin: No, we expect 2018 to be the bottom because the changes we make in the second half of this year will also flow through to 2018. We expected to rise in 2019 Ryan.
Ronald Jadin: Couple of things. We expect that the COGS deflation will continue to be a partial offset and we've seen some favorable product mix. The interesting thing is that even though we've reduced the pricing on 450,000 SKUs and of course a million and a half of them by the middle of the year. We're seeing some nice volume lift on those products, still at GP rates that are above the Company average. So we take a big price hit upfront, but then we get that volume and that shows up in mix on those higher margin products. So that – we've seen some of that in the first quarter, we expect to see more of that as the year goes on.
Ronald Jadin: So the $75 million is the price reduction for the acceleration in the third quarter of the remaining SKUs. So it's $75 million price reduction. We expect some volume response from that, which is about $35 million. So the net of those is kind of the topline. We'll get a little bit of a GP benefit, if you think of that $35 million at 40% adds another $15 million to margin to GP margin dollars. So the net at GP, we set at $60 million. So price write-down is $75 million, you get $15 million of it back in the short-term. Right, you don’t get it all back right away, so we set the GP dollar impact at $60 million and we're going to spend about $15 million in marketing across the board of these SKUs, so that we put that in there too.
Ronald Jadin: I would just add, we've had a great opportunity to benchmark Zoro our own brand in the space. So we have great visibility obviously to that and it's helped us prepare better for what we're doing with our Grainger brand.
Ronald Jadin: Yes. And if you thought about it in terms of price percent it's minus 4% for the U.S., minus 4% in the first and second quarter. It's minus 5% for the year, so implicitly it's minus 6% in each of the third and fourth quarter to DG’s point when we finished the web price changes in the third quarter.
Ronald Jadin: Well, I mean I think that, frankly, everybody who competes against us knew this was happening I would say anyway based on what we announced in November, so that's not new. We aren’t seeing competitive reaction that is unusual given our price changes. And so we've talked to all of our customers. We basically have a great conversation with our large customers. They're excited about the change we're on and the path we’re on, we think we're going to continue to gain volume. So we don't see anything that would suggest that the announcement is going to hurt volume in the short-term, we actually is going to help.
Ronald Jadin: Probably half of that is cost leverage, some of it's structural in nature, some of it is volume leverage because we anticipate driving volume that's going to be up in the mid-to-high single-digits feel like that was a long time ago, but that wasn't that long ago and our pricing or to put it back in that range. So that's probably least half of it. And the other half is some of the mix and volume that we're going to get from higher margin customers, DG mentioned before, it's been a decade, we always talk about negative mix with growth – faster growth of large customers, we should be talking a little bit differently by 2000, even some of that in 2018, but for sure in 2019 overall.
Ronald Jadin: Well, historically for us list price has been web price, because the list price has been what's been on the web side. When we talked about open web, the complexity right now is that if you go online and you try to buy something and it's a SKU that we have an open web price on, you will see the list price and you will see the web price and you will have the option to opt-in to that web price. When we remove by the end of this year, in the third quarter we will put everything on web price. We will not have a need to show our list price right at that point. So they will again be one in the same, but only at a new level.
Ronald Jadin: Yes. We should see higher operating margin in 2018 for the Company, then we do in 2017 and certainly some of that will come from the cost side, the volume leverage, as well as structural changes.
Ronald Jadin: Yes, our inventory turns, our working capital turns have been very constant for quite some time, so we would expect those to continue that way. I had given a comment earlier about GP rate decline on Slide 12, which was the pie chart slide, and it mentions on the far right, the U.S. segment declining 120 basis points. For the Company it's difficult to give guidance for 2018 at this point, but certainly we would expect the Company to move in a similar direction to the U.S. So I'd expect it to be down 120 basis points for the Company as well and then it depends on what happens in the other parts of the business, but we should expect to see that kind of a decline in 2018. So I hope that answers that question. I guess I commented mostly on the U.S. and not the Company at the time.
Ronald Jadin: 2017, so there is the price decline, favorable mix is probably one of the biggest offsets that's helping us this year. From a GP perspective, when you think about a 4% price decline this year, that's about $400 million a price. The impact on that for GP is maybe 2.5% right when you do it on a GP basis. There's a fair amount of volume though rate that we're driving just in general at prior year GP rates, so volume component is pretty sizable. And then the cost deflation, you mentioned and then the favorable mix really helps, so if you think about the pricing impact that’s $400 million driving about 2.5% negative, we're down a little bit less than that for the Company overall in our guidance and it's because of that deflation and mix partially offsetting. So we end up down about 160 basis points for the Company on GP rate and similar for our margin rate, maybe 10 basis points or so of cost leverage.
Ronald Jadin: Yes. That 10 basis points was a percent of sales not a percent of COGS. Percent of COGS would be a much bigger improvement.
Donald G. Macpherson: Thank you, Ron. Cost productivity is a key component to making sure that we achieve our forward-looking goals, I think it's important to understand the progress that we've made on cost. So the chart shows that over the last four years, we've demonstrated an ability to manage expenses and to drive productivity and we're going to continue to do so going forward. We generally look at both expense to sales and expense to COGS, which is more of an activity metric to measure our progress. And you'll hear more from us as we go through the year on how we're going to get to 2019, but continuing this cost leverage path is going to be a very important part of that story and we feel like we've got strong momentum here to continue to improve our cost structure. So overall, it was a challenging quarter, but we are very focused on what matters to drive value. We continue to be encouraged by the growth and the profit improvement of our online businesses, we've stabilized service levels in Canada, we need to do a lot more to improve both price realization and the cost structure of the business. In the U.S., the pricing acceleration is going to allow us to be more aggressive in our marketing efforts to drive market share gains and to allow new customer acquisition with the Grainger brand. Most importantly, we are completely focused on creating a flawless customer experience. So a change of this nature is challenging and it's complex. We know this is the right thing to do for the long-term success of the business and we are committed to making the changes needed to accelerate growth and to get back to the profitability that we expect. So with that, I will open it up to questions.
Donald G. Macpherson: Thanks Dave. I think it's a great question. And our expectation now is that we were more than breakeven in terms of profit dollars as we get the volume growth and improve our cost structure to get the operating margins back to our expectations. So it's a significant challenge in 2017 and 2018, but by 2019 we feel like our profit dollars will be at or higher than they would otherwise have been.
Donald G. Macpherson: Yes. It’s a great question. So I would say that the behavior at a customer level, so if you think about large customers who go along the new pricing model or small, mid-sized customers that opt-in to web pricing was exactly as we would have expected. I think the web pricing uptick was maybe a little higher without doing any marketing that which will be expected, but generally those two were as expected. The big change was when we altered the list prices that had a big impact – a bigger impact than we expected both on prices that we raised and prices that declined. And so that had an immediate impact that we were not fully expecting and that has been the biggest part of the surprise. Now that's long-term not particularly relevant because we will get out of the list price game and we will go to web prices and so web prices are going to be the full story. But in the short-term that has been the biggest surprise that we have.
Donald G. Macpherson: Yes. And I would just add a point, we've been talking for probably close to 10 years about unfavorable customer mix and when we make these changes, our expectation is by 2019 that's not going to be the story that we're going to have a favorable mix and start growing parts of the business that haven't been growing that are actually more profitable.
Donald G. Macpherson: Well, so that the short answer Ryan is that it's not – it’s very similar to what we always expected in terms of the price impact overall. So the difference here is we had talked about moving the large customer contracts over three years to four years. And so we had spread out that impact over a longer period of time than we're talking about now. But the overall impact is very similar to what we always expected and most of the impact is re-pricing - resetting the price for customer acquisition and for spot buy for large customers and given the mix of our business, the spot buy for large customers initially is actually probably the bigger impact, what is the bigger impact, but none of the total expectation of impact is changed at all.
Donald G. Macpherson: Yes, sure. So let me talk about the cost structure, maybe broadly. So on the branch issue, I think most people are familiar we've gone from [420 to 250] branches in the U.S. So we're relatively pleased with what we're actually seeing from the volume perspective in those remaining 250 branches and that's been a big shift from the recent past. The other thing to consider here is that these price changes are likely to have an impact on volume through those 250 branches, because a lot of those customers find sticker shock in our branches when they – especially small ones when they walk into them. So we want to watch that very closely, but we have a very well developed muscle for evaluating branch profitability. Overall, I would say that more of our volumes going to eCommerce, no question, winning based on eCommerce capabilities is absolutely critical. More of our volume is being shipped. Continuing to invest in our physical distribution capabilities outside of distribution center just important as a way to create competitive advantage and widen our competitive advantage. There is some changes we're making to areas like the contact centers where we are consolidating contact centers and lowering our cost in contact centers and to my point earlier, we are getting rid of cost, really in every part of the business. Our expectation is that we will get more productive in the sales force, more productive in the distribution centers, more productive in the branches, in headquarters, all of that needs to improve and that's going to be a big focus for us.
Donald G. Macpherson: Right. So we are going to over communicate on what we're seeing from the changes we make. My expectation is that we will see the volume growth that we're talking about that will be a signpost, the expense to COGS will be a signpost and we'll talk a lot about what actions we're taking, what we're seeing from a productivity perspective. But I appreciate your comment and your question. The reality is that this is the biggest change and we had not changed enough prices yet in November to exactly know what was going to happen and it was improved at that point to talk about acceleration, we didn't know we are going to accelerate; now we do. It is a change I recognize that it's a difficult change, but we're going to basically track very closely what we're seeing from a volume, from an expense to COGS perspective, from a customer satisfaction perspective, from a customer acquisition perspective. The reality is we have not been able to acquire a customer into the Grainger brand for years and we are now going to start acquiring customers for the Grainger brand starting in the third quarter. And so that's a big shift for us and one that we're really excited about and we're confident we are going to get the results.
Donald G. Macpherson: So we certainly don't. Our experience with prices that we change would suggest that we are absolutely not in a race to the bottom. When we have competitive prices and they're in the ballpark we are winning the business and it allows our customers to consolidate their purchases with us. So I’m not going to talk about specific competitors, I would say there are a lot of competitors in the online space who have competitive prices, some of which are growing, many of which are growing. So when we look at the entire competitive landscape for us and going forward, we feel like having competitive prices at least in the ballpark. This price is really, really important to be able to leverage the full suite of tools that we have to grow the business to create the customer experience we need. And so there's just so many different types of competitors out there in our space that I don't think you can sort of talk about one. The whole market, we have to understand and as we look at the whole market, we are going to have prices that are competitive that makes sense and it's going to enable us to acquire new customers and to grow the existing customers.
Donald G. Macpherson: We're broader for one I guess than most of the competitors and I'm not sure who exactly you're talking about specifically, but certainly we are broader. I would also say that some of those competitors may not be talking about it, but they've already taken action in some of the things that they've done to try to mitigate it as well. So just depends - it depends who you're talking about, but we're confident in the decision we're making that it's the right thing to do. We are not going to have the lowest price. We're going to be competitive. We are going to be in the ballpark and it’s going to give us the opportunity to grow the business.
Donald G. Macpherson: Yes. Without getting into too many details, Scott, the good news as we know the impact of the list price change, the open web change, the changes that we've made and so we can quantify those. We would expect of course the second quarter to look similar to the first quarter in the sense that we're not making changes until the third quarter. And then the changes we make in the third quarter are similar to some of the changes we made in the first, so we're able to get reasonably comfortable with the range and that’s where that comes from.
Donald G. Macpherson: So doesn't entirely go away and we'll provide more information as we go. Red Pass is the program that also includes a free freight component for customers that will stay and depending on the type of customer there may be specific pieces of the program that make sense to the different based on the segment. So it doesn't go away entirely certainly once we have open web, the price difference between Red Pass and what customers see will be very, very small. So that is a big difference.
Donald G. Macpherson: So Christy, I would say couple of things. First of all, when we track 20 competitors on customer service metrics and on their perceptions of us, I would not actually say that our service advantage has been diminished. I would actually say we are stronger now than we've been in the 10-year that I've been with the Company on that dimension. The ability to get complete orders to customers quickly, the ability to provide great experience on the web side, on eCommerce channels and our sales force and service model with large complex customers get very, very high marks and actually higher than they've gotten historically. So I would necessarily say that's true. In terms of terminus, we're confident that we're in the ballpark from a pricing perspective. We're going to be able to grow the business. We've done a lot of work to understand what those price points are. We've analyzed it, as you might guess quite a bit. And so we're pretty comfortable that that we're going to be in a place to expand margins, operating margins, assuming we continue to get the cost leverage we've gotten. We will continue to do that, but we're pretty confident the price points were likely to end at that.
Donald G. Macpherson: So from a list price perspective, when we made the changes January 1 about two-thirds of the price has changed. There were more down than up’s at that time, but there certainly were items where we were not priced high enough and we made those decisions as well. We feel like the web – we've obviously done a lot of work already to know where web price needs to be. There are some items that we were just priced incorrectly. But in general, we will be more competitive and we will be in the ballpark and that's the strategy that we have.
Donald G. Macpherson: Well, it's less typically around product categories than SKUs within categories actually where we will see the changes that we had to make. So they weren't broad categories that we had to lower a bunch or increase a bunch in general and most of it was actually within the category where the numbers were interesting.
Donald G. Macpherson: So we've set the new pricing for fairly broad swaths of customers and we have not seen anything particularly interesting by customer end market. So we haven't seen differences for manufacturing, healthcare or commercial at this point. We have not seen big differences in terms of the reaction.
Donald G. Macpherson: Yes. And we are going to talk a lot more about Canada over the next couple of months, but they're over 50% direct-to-customer today and given the ERP change, there is still some fairly inefficient things that are happening to serve customers today. We will improve that over the next six months, so we've got a lot of room to improve and we still feel like 70% probably where we're going to end up in terms of direct-to-customer in Canada. That stills a fairly reasonable number for us.
Donald G. Macpherson: Well, I would say primarily because for large our complex customers, they have competitive prices already. What we're doing is trying to give reasonable prices in the spot buy and that is unlikely to drive significant competitive response when you do that that’s really the way we're thinking about this. The other thing is we just look at prices and what's happened with pricing in the market over time. Our need to reset price is not really based on competitive changes in the marketplace, it's really based on our own pricing and what our customers are asking for and how they buy. So we don't see the market racing to the bottom in general and we really haven't seen that over the last few years.
Donald G. Macpherson: Yes. So competitive dynamics, we are pleased with what we're seeing out of that business. We started the Cromwell direct business. Part of the thesis for buying that business was they had the supply chain and product range that allowed us to build the online model. We're seeing very nice growth with that portion of it. Currency and Brexit has had an impact on the UK economy, but the business is actually performing quite well. I would say Europe generally favor. We actually saw some decent growth in the first quarter as well. So really the entire international portfolio right now I'd say we feel like there is lots of opportunity to grow and grow margins and so in the UK we're happy with our position right now.
Donald G. Macpherson: Right. Yes. That's right. That's our expectation. So in any period that's a fairly narrow period of time, if you reduce price, you will not get the volume back right away. Customers have to realize and particularly customers have to realize that our prices are now more reasonable in order for them to start buying with some frequency. So we've done a number of trials over the last three years to get comfortable with this, both with smaller customers – midsized customers through Red Pass, large customers by contract negotiations in every one of those when you change price right away, you don't get enough volume to make up for, but over time, it's actually quite attractive. So that gives us a lot of confidence in the path we’re heading now.
Donald G. Macpherson: Well, so I think it's best to talk about large complex customers on that dimension. So large complex customers often have contracts, they might have specific items that are in the contract, they might have categories that are in the contract, but they also have a discount off of list for their slow moving items. When we talk about mix, one of the things we're trying to do is to make sure that we are attractive for the entire bundle and the entire bundle would includes slow moving items and those would be better than the average margin for us, but also very attractive prices for them because those items very frequently. So we're trying to make the price structure makes sense, so that we can consolidate the entire purchasing for customers and we find customers respond very, very when we get there.
Donald G. Macpherson: Well, I don't know that there's really any – I mean with the changes complex in this challenge. I wouldn't say there's any lower hanging fruit necessarily. I would say that we are – we have built muscles around two areas that I think we are going to be very exciting for us. One is, when we get the price that right with large customers driving that volume. Our sales and service model with large complex customers is very effective. The other is our digital capabilities and when we get prices that are reasonable and we can start marketing those prices digitally that's going to help drive volume and we're very confident about that too. So those are two things that we're doing that I think is going to be very, very helpful to driving growth into the business and so we're going to track our performance against those two very, very closely to make sure that the price strategy translates into growth and translates into the customer experience and in the margin.
Donald G. Macpherson: It's not that different, I think even we had that in Q&A, if I remember in November. We talked about kind of GP being in that for the Company that 39% range, falling below 40%, but not below 39%, probably falls below 39% next year and then bounces back in 2019. As the mix in the volume benefit from mix outweighs the pricing changes, which we kind of lap as we exit 2018.
Donald G. Macpherson: That's exactly, that's the right way to think about it. So we are being much more aggressive, much faster in terms of getting the prices reset on that volume.
Donald G. Macpherson: So, if I understand your question correctly, I would say that the volume growth is a mix of getting that spot buy volume with large customers and acquiring new mid-size customers and penetrating them and we think we're going to get volume out of both. I would say that our experience with the online model would suggest both of those are actually pretty sticky when you've got a strong supply chain, you provide great service. So our expectation is that we'll be able to get growth both through our large contracts and through new customer acquisition with the changes we're making.
Donald G. Macpherson: Yes, I would say – yes, I’d also add that the cost leverage is in a world where you have that much price decline. We are getting significant cost leverage on an activity basis on a COGS basis, but it's a challenge obviously when you have that much price deflation.
Donald G. Macpherson: So thanks everyone for joining the call. Obviously it was a challenging quarter. I just want to conclude by saying that we are facing into the challenges we have, we're facing into them with that the information that we have now and we are confident this is the right thing to do for the long-term health of the Company. We obviously wouldn't be taking these actions if we didn't think they are right for our customers and for creating value over the long haul. And so it's difficult. There is no question about that, but we are aligned as a team, we are fully committed to making this work to driving the volume growth and to getting the margins back to where they need to be. So appreciate your time today and we'll see you soon. Thanks.
