Tom Okray: Thanks, D. G. I want to start by adding some commentary on our results for the quarter. Let's take a closer look at gross profit. We normalize Company gross profit rate in the quarter for two items; one, a change in revenue recognition accounting standards; and two, the timing of our Annual Sales Meeting. As a reminder, due to a change in accounting standards related to revenue recognition, we were required to reclassify certain KeepStock service costs from operating expense to cost of goods sold beginning in 2018. We have slides in the appendix that outline this change at the Company and U.S. level. Separately, suppliers provide funding for our Annual Sales Meeting. This funding benefits gross profit margin and is spread over three consecutive months, beginning in the month of the sales meeting. In 2017, the sales meeting occurred in March and in 2018, the sales meeting occurred in February. The Company normalized gross profit rate of 39.2% was down 30 basis points, which was better than our expectation. This was driven by price cost spread and mixed favorability in the U.S., and the price increases in Canada. U.S. normalized gross profit rate of 39.8% declined 65 basis points. As D. G. mentioned earlier, in the U.S., we’re growing in areas we want to be growing. With large customers, price deflation is improving as we aren’t deeply discounting infrequently purchased items, and customers are more comfortable with our pricing level. Some of the gross profit favorability in the quarter was also due to the delayed timing of our large customer contract negotiation. We’re now through almost 90% of our contract revenue and expect to get through the majority of the remaining contracts by the end of this year. We did see some supplier inflation in the quarter, partially due to tariffs. And we’re able to pass through price while maintaining market competitiveness. Company operating margin was 12.6%, up 150 basis points, driven largely by expense leverage on strong sales performance. Earnings per share of $4.37 in the quarter was up 59% versus the prior year, primarily driven by higher operating earnings and lower corporate tax rate. Operating cash flow of $248 million was up 30% versus the prior year and free cash flow of $211 million was up 32% versus the prior year. The increase in both cash flow number was driven largely by higher earnings and lower tax rate. Page 13 covers our updated guidance for the year. What we shared in April is on the left side of the chart and our updated guidance is on the right. We outperformed our internal expectations by about $0.60 in Q2 that flows through to the updated guidance for the year. In addition, we are also adding $0.15 of favorability to the second half, largely as a result of the momentum we are seeing, including lower than expected price deflation. As a result, we are taking both the high and the low end of the EPS range, up $0.75. We now expect revenue growth to be in the range of up 5.5% to 8.5%. We expect an operating margin of 11.5% to 11.9% which is 50 to 90 basis points higher than the prior year. We expect EPS to be between $15.05 and $16.05 or 32% to 40% higher than the prior year. From a sales perspective, we continue to believe that our volume growth will outpace the market by 300 plus basis points this year. With respect to gross profit margin, after normalizing for the 50 basis points related to the revenue recognition accounting change, the rate is expected to decline between 15 and 20 basis points versus the prior year. Further, we expect our gross profit rate to follow the normal sequential trend in 2018. For 2019, we expect the gross profit to be relatively stable versus 2018. I want to spend a moment on price cost spread in the U.S. We previously expected a price headwind of negative 1.5% for the year. That value was a net number comprised of negative 3% from our August 2017 pricing reset, partially offset by a positive 1.5% from favorable mix and market based price increases. Today, we are updating the total price headwind to be negative 1%. We now expect price deflation related to the reset to improve due in part to timing of contract negotiations. We expect to complete a majority of the contracts this year. Our expectation for COGS deflation remains unchanged at 50 bps, driven by our internal product cost optimization initiative. We expect that we will see some supplier inflation related to tariffs in the second half. And we are confident in our ability to pass on price Increases. I think it’s helpful to point out that the current market dynamic is similar to past periods of inflation. Grainger has historically done well in managing cost and getting price realization through these periods. I’ll now turn it back to D. G. for closing remarks.
Tom Okray: Evelyn, you’re correct. We basically took the $0.60, which was our forecast versus our EPS and took that through to the guide and then put another $0.15 in the back half related to price -- price volume in the U.S. And as D. G. said earlier, we’re intentionally keeping the range wide. It's early days dealing with customers we haven't dealt with in a while, so intentionally keeping the range wide. But as D. G. said, we’re very optimistic in terms of how we’re performing.
Tom Okray: I think we've got many levers we can pull in ’19, going forward. Our PPO organization really I think is very, very good process and is going to enable us to have deflation going forward. So there is other opportunities as well as in the supply chain for gross margin. And we’re comfortable that the gross margin, going forward, is going to be a stable.
Tom Okray: Yes, I think your first assumption in terms of the comparable mix I mean the comparable price increase is not fully accurate for Q1 and Q2, because we are seeing favorable mix related to gross profit in terms of certainly our medium size customers which have higher gross profit. Now, it’s a much smaller amount of the total. We do see minor deterioration related to product mix and that's probably a function of our customer mix. But we're not seeing large deteriorations associated with customer mix, we’re seeing favorable with customer mix.
Tom Okray: I mean, one of the things coming into Grainger and I was very pleasantly surprised looking at the clean sheet approach that they do related to working with the suppliers. I would think it would be up close to being industry benchmark in terms of clean sheet and looking at replicating the suppliers; income statement, et cetera. So it's really a top-notch process in place.
D. G. Macpherson: Thanks, Tom. So overall, we’re very pleased with our continued strong momentum. Our value proposition is resonating in the U.S., resulting in strong growth with gross margin rates above expectations. And we are developing stronger relationships with customers of all sizes. We are executing our turnaround as planned in Canada, and expect to exit the year profitably. Our online model continues to drive strong revenue growth and margin expansion, and our international businesses are contributing to earnings. We continue to get strong expense leverage across the business and are on track to achieve the productivity targets we laid out at Analyst Day in November. We’re well positioned to gain share and improve our economics going forward. With that, I'll open it up for questions.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, through the quarter, we haven’t seen any signs of the slowdown at this point. There are certainly conversations with customers. I would say most of those conversations, tariff related, tend to be longer-term. So questions about whether or not product will actually be -- end product will be made in China and shipped over given the way the tariffs are structured. I have talked with couple of customers about that. But in the short-term, we feel like there hasn’t been a lot of action yet, and we don't see any slowdown at this point.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, I think if you looked over our history, normal probably would -- you have to have it in quotes. I’m not sure you have anything that’s exactly normal. I would say we feel like, for this year and next at least and in 2020, we have the opportunity to get pretty significant leverage. Our expectation is that our OpEx will cover merit for folks every year there is built in productivity every single year. And so if the market -- if we grow 6% volume, we would expect our OpEx to be three or something like that or less in general.
D. G. Macpherson: I think any time you are in a negotiation for a contract, it’s a competitive situation that has not changed at all, that will continue to be the case moving forward. What we do feel like is off of the price reset, we are competitive. I think what you’re seeing with large customer GP is -- gross profit is that it's not down very much, because we’ve always been competitive with those customers. And we feel like we’re well positioned to go through whatever cycles come up in the future. And our focus to those negotiations is typically how we save customers’ time and how we save him money. And if we focus on that, we have the ability to continue to have really strong economics at the other end if we do the right things.
D. G. Macpherson: Turn the situation from shrinking to growing. We are through -- teams have done a really nice job there getting through the vast majority, if not all, the restructuring and the changes we have to make. We’re stabilizing the business with certain customers and then we’re going to grow. We’re going to grow in a way that allows us to be profitable as we grow. And so when we talk about going on offense, it’s actually what we mean grow profitably.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, I think I’d answer that with two comments. The first one is we don’t believe there’s anything structurally that should keep us from having double digit margins in Canada if we do all the right things. So we do believe that. Given where we’re sitting, we’re really focused on getting to the improvement goals we set in the next year, that's really, really important. And so we view that as a step on the path to improving growth and profitability of the business. But I don’t think there’s any reason why we couldn’t be low double digit earnings in Canada at some point.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, really confident in hitting those targets, mostly because most of the actions that we have to take have already been taken, or were just completed in the last quarter. So we feel like the Canada targets are going to be -- we’re going to hit those, and the U.S. targets most of the actions we’ve already taken. So we are highly confident in what we’re seeing.
D. G. Macpherson: We’ve got no change in terms of our guidance on coal investment. We’re keeping $0.05 to $0.10 EPS range.
D. G. Macpherson: I think that the reality is that we still are, in many ways, in waters in certain places. So to the extent we saw mid-size customers continue to grow like we’ve seen them grow, we saw large local customers grow, like we’ve been seeing, but certainly there is a chance for us to do be better than what we’ve talked about. But it’s so early on many things that we’re seeing. We’re still getting a rough handle on that. We feel like we want to stick with the wide range at this point, and we’re optimistic about the path along.
D. G. Macpherson: The vast majority of our source items come from China up to two thirds or even more than that at this point. There's also -- so there’s two things’ one is our private brand products that come from China; the other is branded products that come from China, both have the potential to be impacted here. If I focus on our private branded products, so we’ve been looking very closely at alternative sources and understanding what we can do and how we can shift. And so if we think about private brand, we have 23% private brand. Most of that’s China for every item that is -- that you could, we have an alternative source effectively and we can shift if we need to. We haven't seen yet the economics to make that work but we are looking at consistently. And we feel like we’re in a good shape to really understand what to do.
D. G. Macpherson: No, we’re just looking at our model and opportunistically buying back. For the year-to-date, we bought back over 760,000 shares just really looking at the price, the stock in the market. No intentional slowdown.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, so 846 is still -- I think you know this is still under study. So there's actually absolutely no implementation of that at this point. Our business with the government, the U.S. government has been very strong this year, continues to be strong. We have great relationships across a number of different organizations, the military organizations and beyond. And we’ve seen really strong results with what we do. In many cases, we are really helping military bases and other federal government to manage their inventory, and that's a big part of what we do for them. And so we haven’t seen any impact yet from that bill, and I think there is uncertainty around what that bill is actually going to look like at the end.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, certainly I would say that the labor market is tight and the freight market is tight. So there is no question about that. We haven't seen labor shortages taking the second of those two. With freight, our team has done a really nice job of looking at alternatives, our initiatives that more than offset the pressure for price increases at this point. Certainly, there's pressure, particularly with truckload and LTL where drivers are the shortage and there’s all kinds of issues that are challenging in that market. But so far we’ve managed through that really well.
D. G. Macpherson: Nigel, I didn’t understand. You said -- I didn’t fully understand the question. You said sales force expansion and you had another thing in that that I didn’t understand.
D. G. Macpherson: So when we think about OpEx control, we look at the entirety of our spend. We get very strong productivity typically in pockets that have very big populations that includes our distribution centers, our contact centers. We continue to see that go well. We’re continuing to get productivity in our sales force. And putting in the CRM has helped our sales force to have the right conversations, go to the right customers and its improving. We expect to – we're learning and we expect that to continue going forward. We’ve added some sellers and we are adding sellers, I’d say, at a modest level consistently. And the sellers that we do have are going to be more productive, and that’s the way we think about that.
D. G. Macpherson: So far, it’s a small portion of it and our team is working very hard to make any changes we need to make with that portion. We’ll have -- obviously it’s just expands and the next tranche comes in, we’ll have more to tell you about that as we learn more.
D. G. Macpherson: So I would say that the interesting thing about our performance for the last few years with mid-size customers has been, when we’ve talked to them, they have been very positive about their perception of Grainger. But pricing has -- their comments have been well the price is not for me; you aren’t for me. And so I think what we’re seeing now is our technical product support our assortment our performance. The basics that we provide customers are really, really valuable to mid-size industrial customers. We can help them find the right product. We’re very easy to deal with if they can get somebody on the phone to understand things they can’t. And so what we're seeing is price is not a barrier. And so the things we’ve always done and we continue to do better are really resonating with those customers.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, I think the competitiveness is different. I think if you’re serving large complex customer, the set of customers that can’t even do the same things that you want to do -- I’d say our competitors that can’t do the things you want to do are probably narrower. That said, I don't know that there's any gate to us achieving similar share with mid-size customers we have with large, primarily because of how much they value our assortment, our tech support, our search, our ability to help them get what they need. But that’s an interesting question for the future, Hamzah, we’re looking at that really closely and we’ll see the trajectory as we get on and we’ll figure that out.
D. G. Macpherson: I think on a like for like basis, we would expect to have slight GP expansion in 2019. I think that what you’re probably not accounting for is there are a number of contracts, large contracts that are going to be implemented in the back half of this year that will have some impact on GP. And we’ve talked about that before. But it’s 10% of the contracts or something that we still have to do roughly, and some of those are fairly large. So that's going to be the drag in 2019 that we’ll need to overcome.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, we haven’t changed that. I think what I would say is that as we look at all the different sources of our growth right now, we’re getting a better understanding of what we think next year will be and we’ll talk about that as we get more refined and understanding. We’re growing with it -- are now faster and growing with it.
D. G. Macpherson: So we’ve been fairly consistent in the investments we’ve made in digital marketing throughout the year. We stepped it up a bit. I think we’ll get more benefits because I think we’re going to get better at, and we’re learning as we go. And so I think it won't necessarily be because we spend the whole lot more, but as we understand what customers respond to, we’re going to keep getting better and the effectiveness of that will increase.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, that’s exactly right. If the market price of items goes up because of the tariffs, we will be able to pass that, our history suggest that is true.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, a lot of that has to do with the process that Tom mentioned, which is really understanding -- working with suppliers to understand what the costs should be. And making sure we get the right assortment, which can be at the right cost. So I would say that the process, as we use, consistently drive COGS improvement and we continue to see that.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, we’ll have more to say about that at a later date. But I mean just to touch on it briefly, I mean obviously, we like our investment grade credit rating and that's important to us. Following that, we’re going to invest in the operations. We've got opportunities to have a lot of high-ROIC projects, which we’re sorting through right now. And then third, we’ll give the money back to shareholders, dividends and buybacks. I wouldn't expect any dramatic change in the current capital allocation process.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, I’d have to ask you what you mean by share gain opportunity and how that would come about. But generally, as you know, it’s just an inflationary action and so we would expect that to be the outcome here.
D. G. Macpherson: I think we’ll give a lot more detail on that as we move to the next couple of quarters. What we said at this point is we are having a meaningful portion of this that is actually new customer acquisition. We’re trying to understand exactly where we think that settles. We don't have enough months and quarters behind us to be completely sure yet. But as we do and get more certainty, we will be sharing that.
D. G. Macpherson: All right, thanks everybody for joining us today. As you probably gathered, we’re very pleased with the momentum of the business and where we’re headed. In U.S., our value proposition is really resonating with customers of all sizes and types, and we’re getting strong tractions with those customers. The turnaround in Canada is going as we expected it to go, lots of reason to be optimistic there. Our online model continues to drive strong revenue growth and margin expansion. And our international portfolio is much stronger, it’s contributing to earnings and we’ve seen decent growth there as well. And we continue to get strong expense leverage across the business and we’re on track to achieve the targets we set for ourselves last November. So all-in-all, we feel very positive. We’re well positioned to gain share and improve the economics of the business going forward. And we appreciate the time today. Thank you.
