D. G. Macpherson: Right. So, thanks Ryan. I would answer those in succession. So, when we look at the 11% growth in the U.S. certainly part of that is an improving demand environment. It is a meaningful part, but not the majority. The majority is our own pricing and marketing actions driving that. So, certainly there is some demand tailwinds, which are great, but lot of this is just the changes we’ve made. The second part of that is, we're not going to change our projections this time. We are still four months in, five months in understanding what’s going on with the volume response and so we’re going to keep to our projections this time.
D. G. Macpherson: What I would say is that, the demand environment has been very consistent the last three months heading into this year. So, there is nothing to suggest things are changing.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. We are starting to see some inflation from suppliers and we expect to have some price cost. We’ve already built that in to the projections. I think a lot of what happens with GP rate in the U.S. will be determined by the mix of growth that we get. If we continue to see the mid-size customers and the large non-contract customers grow faster than the average we may have some upside, but we just have to wait and see.
D. G. Macpherson: No, not really. We will separate those two. So, the pricing actions we have taken, we really are tagging to the market and making sure we are market competitive, and then if market prices increase we will be able to realize that as well, if it is based on inflation. So, we view them as independent. We’re focused on being competitive, but certainly as inflation comes we would expect to realize that as well.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, we are calling this provisional at this point. This is the best to our knowledge at this point, and we think we’ve captured the key elements in the rate.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, I mean it’s too early to comment much about January. We don't feel like the government shutdown is going to have much impact if it gets funded going forward. Obviously, if there is another shutdown that would change things. And the weather events are normal for this time of the year, I think certainly we’ve had days when there has been some impact, but overall, we don’t expect any of that to have a huge impact at this point.
D. G. Macpherson: I would say that almost all of the outperformance came in two places. One is the U.S. and the other is Canada. So that contributed about $0.60 of the outperformance. Obviously, given the U.S. size most of it was there. I would say, a little of that outperformance would be the market strengthening and the rest would really be around price and marketing and some of our sales activities with large local customers that are really getting traction. So that’s where we could see most of the outperformance right now. And then Canada was - the rest of that and that was getting some traction on the price increase, which was a really important.
D. G. Macpherson: I think short-term we would expect, like I mentioned the demand environment continues to be strong. Lot of uncertainty of course to what happens throughout the year and so we built in the outperformance from the U.S. into the guidance, but we didn’t assume that all of that continues throughout the entirety.
D. G. Macpherson: Well I think, as I mentioned before, if you look at mid-size customers for example, most mid-size customers have not yet engaged with us, so I think there is probably a longer run way than just through the end of July to grow with mid-size customers and you would expect to continue to grow there. I think if we’re being cautious, it’s just, we don't have enough time history here to know exactly how this is going to play out. So, we are - we have got our targets and we are holding to our target, and that’s what we’re going to do.
D. G. Macpherson: We’re still very comfortable with those targets. We don't change long-term guidance at the quarter and we will continue to talk about that certainly in November when we [indiscernible].
D. G. Macpherson: I would say the process has moved along very, very well and we are deep into that process at this point. We will let you know.
D. G. Macpherson: So, I think the first thing I would like to say - Hamzah thanks for the question - is that we have gone through a lot of work over the last three years to get our portfolio to be where we think it needs to be, and so the business that we have that remain we think can be very successful. It’s still early in the tax reform cycle to understand whether there will be significant implications throughout the portfolio, but right now we think the portfolio we have is the right one. We think we have competitive advantage in the places where we think we can grow the businesses and grow them profitably and that’s where we’re focused on.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, so I think our government business is very strong. When you think about the government, if you're talking about the government shutdown, typically certain parts of the government sales and so as the military continues to buy and it continues to buy, they are a big part of our federal government. It has some impact, but for us if there is a shutdown that’s short lived, it won't have tremendous impact. If it is long-lived, of course, all bets are off. But it's a fairly small - the part that was affected by the most recent shutdown was a pretty small portion of our portfolio.
D. G. Macpherson: Sure, thanks. So, for us as a company, the most important thing for us is to be successful and drive success over the long term. We took a look at the tax bill and took a look at where we might accelerate investment to ensure that we are successful. There is a host of things around digital. We’ve certainly developed a lot of capabilities. This is really moving things forward in the cycle, and so accelerating things that we probably would have done over a longer time horizon and we feel like now is the time to do that, and there will be no regrets for making these investments and they are important to creating competitive advantage longer term. And so, we decided to pull this forward.
D. G. Macpherson: So, we're not going to talk about specifics today, but we have a plan. We are likely to talk about that more around the EPG timeframe.
D. G. Macpherson: I think the important point there, Matt is that, those two pieces of volume had been shrinking for several years. And now they’re actually contributing to the growth and so both were - they were slightly better than the average, but that really jumped sequentially from what we have been seeing with both large local and spot buy. So, we saw, I think spot buy grow roughly 10, and large local grow roughly close to 10, little less than 10. So those were the numbers we saw.
D. G. Macpherson: No, I think it is the way to think about it. I think net, net of the repricing, we do believe that we will be able to benefit from inflation. To your question about what we’re seeing from suppliers it’s all over the map depending on what type of supplier they are, but, you know low single-digit inflation is kind of what we are seeing at this point on average. And so, we would expect to benefit some from that.
D. G. Macpherson: It’s pretty much all customer mix or type of buy mix. So, when spot buy and large local and mid-size grow as fast as they have then that is the benefit.
D. G. Macpherson: So, historically we’ve seen benefits from our ability to manage COGS better than inflation that we have seen, and so I think that’s probably the source of the benefit that we typically have had historically.
D. G. Macpherson: I think the principle we always have as we price the market and then we get the best COGS and service we can. And so, if the market is increasing price and we’re able to manage COGS better that’s the benefit that we have seen historically that people refer to.
D. G. Macpherson: I think the strength is across the board, and I think you are always looking at sort of what’s happened in the past, I think heavy manufacturing was strong. You know resellers were strong, it’s still a pretty small portion of our overall mix though. So, I wouldn't really point to anything that unusual was in the end-markets.
D. G. Macpherson: The bulk of that comes from the U.S. it is volume and expense leverage, so strong drop through rates on the volume and it’s Canada. The Canada GP improvement. Those are the primary levers.
D. G. Macpherson: I think, historically and I think it’s probably no different today. We’re still on a very, very fragmented market, and so when we’re gaining share typically it’s from a very fragmented set, whether it’s mom and pops or mid-size distributors or others. Mid-size customers, I think it’s even probably more diverse in the sense that there is, they use retail sometimes and so if we’re able to get that business than we might be taking it from other sources, but it’s very fragmented.
D. G. Macpherson: So, the 40 is capital, probably more like 15 of expense and the depreciation on the 40 is - gets you to the 20 million impacts.
D. G. Macpherson: No, it’s a great question and certainly with the additional volume we would be getting additional rebates, but that volume is brought into inventory, so those rebates are capitalized. We would see those rebates shortly in the P&L next year.
D. G. Macpherson: I think we’re actually doing quite a good job of managing our transportation cost and I won't go into details of where we expect those to go now. In general, to your question, it just depends on the customer. For many customer, we actually take the burden of transportation cost and it’s included in their contract. Some do pay freight. We feel that’s the best environment because we feel we could manage those costs, as well or better than anyone and that’s what we’re focused on there.
D. G. Macpherson: I think some of that question goes to what we saw over November and December. For us the demand environment has been very, very consistent. 2016 was a little unusual on the sense that November I think was bad for everybody and December was good for everybody, so the compares can make you think that December wasn't as good well in fact, relative to our forecast and expectations, December was every bit of strong, if not stronger than November. And so, we didn’t see anything from shutdown that caused any problems for us.
D. G. Macpherson: No. I mean. So, I'm just trying to understand your question. So, you are asking a historical or were the first quarter margins typically higher? [indiscernible]
D. G. Macpherson: That’s related to price increase cycles typically. So, often we take - we have taken price increases early in the year, and so that has typically been the pattern that we have seen. This year, we - the patent will be similar since we are taking to price increases drops offset, which is price reset that we are going through.
D. G. Macpherson: It’s been better than our expectations and in November we had very short time horizon of working at that data. So, I think we’re starting to get a better sense for what’s going on now.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. So, I think for the second part question you’re asking, I think you’re asking overall. Last year there seem to be, people are talking about budget flush and such things. It seems like customers last year spent a lot of money at the end of the year, and I don't know that we know exactly why that happens, but it made November - November was not strong, December was very strong. So, from us that compare is the only reason December looks like it’s slightly slower at this point. In terms of Canada, I think the turnaround effort we’re talking about probably is independent of end market segments. It’s more - making sure that we have the right service model, the right pricing, the right cost structure. So, the improvement wasn’t because we saw great things in any specific end user segment, it was because we focused on providing good service at the lowest cost and improving our pricing.
D. G. Macpherson: So, we are developing more detailed plans as we speak. We will provide more updates later in the year, probably, as I mentioned before, probably the EPG timeframe.
D. G. Macpherson: I mean, I think we’ve got a plan that basically lays out what we expect to get by quarter and we’re on that plan, and we have a set of initiatives that we are executing with high intensity and if we continue to execute as we started to execute I think we’re going to be in good shape. So, we are watching things very closely if you might suggest and we’re going to make sure that we execute this well, but there is no structural reason why the Canadian business cannot be very profitable and get back to growth once we get through the reset.
D. G. Macpherson: I think over the very long term, I think we don’t know what benefits will be sticking. Right now, certainly it’s a benefit to us and we’re going to continue to invest in things that make us successful that help us compete differentiate us from our competitors, create value for our customers and that’s really our focus, so I won’t comment or speculate on what happens with the benefit of tax over the long term.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. So, as I mentioned, we tend to think of managing price as a market competitiveness effort. So, we will look very closely at what happens with market prices. Historically, we had seen inflation pass through two customers. We don’t really see any reason or anything different in the market price structure now than we did two years ago. Most of the changes, all of the changes we made have been because of our own structure, not really because market prices have been increasing or decreasing. And so, I don’t think the dynamics actually changed all that much. We don’t have any evidence that it has changed all that much and so I don’t know why we would think that it’s an inflationary environment and we manage COGS where we wouldn’t get to benefit.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, I think the lower volume is only partially because of the pricing. Lower volume is also because we removed a bunch of branches. So, we will go from 170 branches to 35 or something like that over the course of two years and that is taking away some unprofitable volume, but certainly taking away a little bit of volume.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, just to be clear we are seeing some new customers come through, but it’s a smaller portion initially there, existing our lapse customers. So, we have a lot of experience with acquiring new customers in some of the online businesses, it just takes time. You just keep acquiring, acquiring, acquiring, and so we are not going to - the reality is the customers are not Grainger customers, you have to get to them through, usually through digital solutions and if you - if they find that the prices are competitive when they get the service that we provide they often come back and so we’re really focused on acquiring new attracted business customers and I think that'll just continue to build over time.
D. G. Macpherson: We’ve already started it very recently, but we’re able to change price multiple times during the year. We’ve already started that process. So, we will start to see some of that benefit in the first quarter.
D. G. Macpherson: I think - we will talk a lot about this in May. I think the differences might include some subtleties. I would say that the endless sort of model tends to be attracted to smaller customers, less complex customers, and the solutions that we provide on Grainger.com Gamut tend to be more attractive for, certainly more industrial customers and bigger customers or more complex customers. So, we see acquisition and growth rates that are different across the customer base, across those two solutions typically.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, so we’ve replumbed the website for Cromwell core business and started Zoro U.K. Zoro U.K is certainly early days, but starting to get some traction. Too early to tell how fast that’s going to grow, but we'll certainly start to see some growth in U.K. The market seems to be there for that offer, so we're pretty excited about what we're seeing early.
D. G. Macpherson: Alright. I will close very quickly here. Thank you for your time and attendance today. As I mentioned, overall, we’re very pleased with our progress. I think we’ve done a lot of heavy lifting this year to get not only pricing right, but to get our portfolio to be as clean as possible and we are really focused now on creating value for customers in U.S. turning around Canada, continuing to accelerate growth with the online model, and given all the changes, given our team members efforts this year, we feel like we’re much better position than we were certainly a year ago. So, we’re pretty optimistic about where we're heading and really [indiscernible] execution. So that’s where we're going to focus on. So, thanks for your time and thanks for following us.
Ron Jadin: Yes. So, I won’t provide too much detail on that. I will say that, if you recall, we have a fairly small portion of mid-size customers as customers today. The price change has had more impact with the existing mid-size customers early days, but we are starting to acquire new customers, but I would say our customer acquisition is still pretty nascent. So, it’s really been mostly around existing customers buying more and then what we would call lapse customers, people who knew Grainger rebuying, but we are starting to acquire some new customers as well.
Ron Jadin: Most of it is op expense. The ones that affect the cost of goods sold or GP would be the ones that have do with inventory primarily. So, as we go to close a branch we will increase reserve because some of the inventory that we would have sold over time now, we have to accelerate that process. So, we end up taking a hit to cost of goods sold as we increase that provision. That’s predominantly what it would be. So, most of it is in expense out of that 112 million we talked about, we could do the math on that, but it’s - I think it’s 10 million, 15 million that would COGS.
Ron Jadin: Hi, Sam it’s Ron. You know, I have to apologize that’s a short-term debt and other, and by the end of next year it is really other. Our short-term debt at the end of this year is less than $50 million. I think it’s about $40 million, and by the end of next year it’s, a similar very small number. So really that 250 million, probably 200 million of it is cash, it’s excess cash. So that could be applied to many things. In November, I mentioned that that number was about 100. So that number is growing in part because of improved performance and tax change. So, we’re reinvesting 40 million of that in CapEx as D. G. said and 80 million in share repurchase and there is more of that we could do with the excess cash that’s still there assuming we deliver on that plan.
Ron Jadin: Well, in fact I just want to add, D. G. mentioned before low single digit inflation, on the items we are seeing inflation, but our plan for this year is still negative half a percent deflation given all the actions we take and continue to take to reduce cost with other suppliers where we're not seeing inflation.
