DG Macpherson: Thank you, Laura. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Even though our underlying operations performed is expected, given the number and the size of several fourth quarter adjustments, I thought the need to discuss them more in open detail. As Laura mentioned, Ron will cover several of the accounting adjustments as well but before we do that, I would like to share my thoughts on the performance of the business for the quarter. The fourth quarter was operationally in line with the expectations we shared in November at our Analyst Day, both from a sales and an earnings perspective. Our US business performed slightly better than expected given stronger sales performance in December in solid expense management. Our business in Canada was still underperforming is making progress and also met our expectations for the quarter with better than expected sales performance in the month of December. Both the US and Canada exceeded our sales expectation in the month of December, which we partially attribute to the favorable timing of the year and holidays and some customer year-end spending. Our single channel online business is primarily Zoro in the US and MonotaRO in Japan, continued to perform quite well, growing revenue and earning strongly in the quarter. So far, in January we're seeing some softness which we believe is related to extend the vacations that occurred in early January due to the timing of the New Year's holiday. In addition, January has a touch count both in the US and Canada. And in Canada, especially why that's some prebind that occurred prior to the new system implementation of February 1st last year. Now, this past year, we made strong progress towards positioning the business for better growth and performance in the future. Several examples include further realignment of the large customer Salesforce to focus on specific end markets. The launch of our inside sales team focused on medium-sized customers, the opening of our 1.4 million square foot new DC in the North East. We made significant progress on e-commerce both with our www.grainger.com and online model with the customer experience. We continued previously announced restructuring in the US and Canada including the closure of 69 branches, and we also initiated new pricing in the US which provide a more relevant price for new and noncontract customers across all channels including the web. Now, with that overview of the quarters of backdrop, I would like to now cover two of the adjustments that we reported today. First, our decision to write down a portion roughly half of the goodwill associated with the Fabory business; which was acquired in August of 2011. The impact EPS was $0.79. For those of you not familiar with Fabory, it is a fastener specials primarily focused in the Netherlands and Belgium. We have restructured this business on several occasions and we are seeing improved revenue and stable margins resulting from the current initiatives. And while we believe that business has potential for growth in the future. Our historical weak growth in margin performance caused us to revalue the long-term goodwill. Secondly, we took at $0.08 EPS impairment charge for some intangible assets related to our business in Columbia. Both Fabory and Columbia are fastener specials and outside of our broad line MRO portfolio. We have been taking action in the last couple of years to make sure that we focus on our core broad line MRO markets in developed economies. So, with that I would like to turn it over to Ron to discuss the remaining adjustments.
DG Macpherson: Thanks, Ron. Well, I'm certainly not pleased with the need to make these adjustments in 2016. The underlying business generally met our expectations. As a result, we reiterated our sales in EPS guidance for 2017. As I mentioned earlier, we made significant changes to the business over the last year and I am excited about the future prospects for growth and profitability for the business. We are focused on our core businesses in North America, the online model in the UK. We generated $1 billion in cash flow at 2017. We expect to see free cash flow continue to grow as we will not need to spend as much in the coming years on capital expenditures as we have in the recent past. So, with that, I'd like to open the call for questions.
DG Macpherson: Sure, Ryan. So, we are constantly in communication with our suppliers on price increases from our supplier community. We had some pressure in some categories but overall the pressure's been relatively modest and we don’t expect to have significant price increases throughout this year. So, we're expecting it to be relatively stable on that front. In terms of Canada, as we went through the transition with the system last year, given some of the service challenges we did not pass through a price increase that otherwise we would have been passing through last year. We have started that process now and through the first half of the year, we will be increasing prices in Canada to reflect the market.
DG Macpherson: Yeah, sure. So, we now have a little 252 branches in the US. I'll focus in the US for this discussion. We've gone from 420 to 250. We've actually seen stability and even some growth in branches with those existing buildings and the volume that goes through them is quite profitable. So, we will always evaluate the branch and the branch footprint but right now we like what we are seeing out of the branches that remain open. And so, we right now wouldn't make sense for us to take any additional restructuring given what we're seeing in terms of volume into those branches.
DG Macpherson: Oh, for oil and gas. Question into direct is, US of oil and gas direct is 2 arguably oil and gas has a fairly significant impact on heavy manufacturing so I don't know that we fully know but I would say organizations that produce large machinery, given oil and gas have been very affected by that and so we have seen that heavy manufacturing getting hit in the US as a result probably less than 10% of our total US business and that probably is stabilizing now as well.
DG Macpherson: Probably just Canada, the timing of the recovery and margins in Canada like DG said it's going to the pricing actions are going to be over the first six months and so that's going to ramp up over a longer period of time than you'd expect to see in the US from a pricing perspective.
DG Macpherson: Yeah. So, that it would be more small projects rather than large projects, Deane. It would still be MRO but if people are doing maintenance cleanup projects in a bigger way, sometimes will have somewhat larger orders. The order pattern had some of that but it wasn't tremendously high volume. Generally the volume was good across the broad in December and so I wouldn't read too much into the project business. I think the government flow has been very, very consistent, we continue to do very well, the military with federal government and we saw some state government strength as well.
DG Macpherson: It is across the board, although the bigger head is in the energy and resource business given where volume is and that's been more challenged throughout the entire year last year. I would say that's true.
DG Macpherson: I think it's a little early to tell. I think some of the points you make are certainly on point, I think on US a lot this may in fact be timing and seasonal. I think in Canada there is a specific issue for us which is last January there was a lot of customer pre-buy before we went live with the system and so Canada will let goofy in both January and February. February will be a very easy compare and January is a very hard compared given the flow of what happened around that. Other than that I think we don't see any reason to think the underlying demand has changed dramatically.
DG Macpherson: Just because the thing is when you pre-buy, right, those rebates gets capitalized, you don't take those to the P&L.
DG Macpherson: So, just to give you a little bit of history that the thesis when we got that, that those are really two pieces of the thesis. One was we could expand in Central Europe through a branch expansion strategy, the other was that we could diversify its product portfolio and make it a broad liner. We really struggled with those two, the first couple of years we had the business. We ended up having to reverse course, refocus it on fasteners, it is a fastener specialist. I think there is benefits to having specials in the portfolio. I think we understand how specialist compete. Having Fabory in the portfolio and we certainly get benefits from faster buy, from the company. But that said, it's not core to what we do. Right now we need to get it performing. We need to be performing better, we need to increase profitability, get it growing but we will always consider both term but what to do with the business but we are optimistic about the path it's on and we need to continue that path first before we consider alternatives.
DG Macpherson: Now, thanks. I think that Zoro's business will be very close to MonotaRO's overtime. And we continue to see expansion, we think it's going to be in the 8th this year in terms of operating margin and it will continue to get do that double digit number. Really the difference is advertising spend as we grow, so we invest a bunch to grow the business in Zoro. We are still acquiring customers that are really high rate. And as that business becomes more modest in its growth, more like MonotaRO, we would expect them the margins to be pretty much the same overtime.
DG Macpherson: Well it's really a combination of both. The fourth quarter was a easier comp and the first quarter is a tougher comp. So, there is a couple of swings to account for but I would just reiterate that especially in Canada where we saw a real pressure on margins in this last year. The challenge will be recovering that through pricing actions in the first half of the year. Those won’t happen just in the first quarter.
DG Macpherson: So, we have installed completely new processes over the last year at a new system support for sellers to help make them more productive. On the inside sales team, we're giving them much more clarity on who to call on, how frequently to call, what the returns are on those calls, I think we have got a long path for improvement here since we are very early in that process and figuring it out but it's pretty exciting in terms of the data we have now and the ability to drive improvement going forward.
DG Macpherson: Yeah, it's going to take probably 15 months to two years for any individual seller to get to full productivity typically.
DG Macpherson: So, great I think we -- okay. So, thanks for the time, I really appreciate everybody being on the call. I would just summarize it the quarter basically from an operating perspective was at or maybe slightly above expectations. Hopefully, we helped to explain some of the unusual items that we had in the quarter and we are holding on guidance for 2017 and we are certainly excited about what we have done in 2016 to prepare ourselves to grow and gain profit going forward. So, thanks for your time. Have a great day.
Ronald Jadin: Thank, DG. As we shared in this morning's release, we recognize the $36 million or $0.38 per share charge related to an accounting adjustment for unclaimed property. For Grainger, unclaimed property is debt is defined primarily as aged customer debits and credits. Prior to 2013, the unclaimed property was recognized as income and no liability was established. The adjustment made in the fourth quarter reflects our best estimate of any unclaimed property prior to 2013. This issue was identified internally and the estimate has been validated by external third parties. In 2013, we implemented a new process and began establishing liability for unclaimed property. In addition, we recorded $9 million or a $0.10 per share charge to increase the reserve for contract dispute. We've been working with the General Services Administration or GSA, auditors to resolve these issues from an ongoing audit. These issues related to tax rate and miscellaneous billing errors, this dispute relates to sales under a multi-award contract beginning in 1999. The GSA continues to be a great customer. We have done more than $2 billion in business with them since the beginning of the contract in 1999. In addition, there were several small discrete tax items recorded in the quarter, the true up estimated tax is versus taxes paid, primarily for US federal and state tax provisions. Combined these at a negative $0.06 EPS impact, partially offsetting $0.21 in EPS favorability recorded in earlier quarters from the settlement of tax returns for the years 2009 to 2012. Now, I'll turn it back to DG for closing comments.
Ronald Jadin: Sure. Ryan, it's really early to make a call on guidance for the year based on where we ended the fourth quarter really being right on our guidance. As we thought about it, our favorability in expenses we thought we should reflect slightly but we didn’t want to change the overall, so it's just kind of at really at the front, just a minor tweak for recognize a little bit of favorability and a little bit of risk on either expense or GP. But I wouldn’t read really probably we shouldn’t have changed anything in line side, it was such a small change and we really don’t know any more about the year, now then when we set it November.
Ronald Jadin: Sure. So, the $36 million reserve covers, I think we highlighted in there but $2 million or $3 million for potential interest cost, that sort of things, but roughly the $33 million or so related to that is over a five year period. So, it's about $6 million or so a year. And these are amounts owed to probably nearly 170,000 to 200,000 customers in amounts that are typically less than $200 a piece, somewhere adjustments on freight and tax. There is a variety of different debits and credits that can be issued by Grainger to a customer. And in those years, prior to 2013, after they aged significantly and were not applied, were taken to income by the company. And we should have put a liability on the books for that prior to 2013, actually in 2013 and we didn’t do till now.
Ronald Jadin: So, everything's, we are really just reflecting now the same process we've been going through since 2013, we're reflecting that back into prior years.
Ronald Jadin: Yes. We have no change to our expectation at this point for pricing for the year. Red Pass Plus for those unfamiliar, it's a program for typically for mid-sized customers. Most of that activation has happened historically the last nine months through inside sales and it's been a program we've used to get reasonable prices for those customers. That had continued to accelerate that program. We're also offering it now online for the first time. And we're also seeing some sign ups online. So, we would expect that to continue to be a key part of getting reasonable prices for all of our mid-sized customers both online and through our inside sales organization and we're seeing really good results when we get customers to sign under that program thus far.
Ronald Jadin: So, we will continue to evaluate our investor outreach and we will continue to talk about it. At this point this is a one off because if that changes we will certainly let you know.
Ronald Jadin: Yes. So, oil and gas for Canada I think as you are familiar with, the direct exposure is high, the indirect is probably 30% plus I would say in terms of resources and just Alberta and what you see, what we have seen is the knock-on effects for oil and gas on construction companies in Alberta. So, it's the big portion of the revenue in Canada. It's much less in the US, in US it's less than 5%. So, that said, we are watching very closely. You can look at oil recounts, obviously they've gone up recently, we're also talking with lot of our large customers about project business. Certainly things are stabilized with that customer base. They are not taking capacity out, this time last year they were taking 10s of 1000s of people out of the operation. Right now that's not happened. We don't see great activity yet but certainly I would expect it could to your time line '18, '19, we certainly could see a turnaround there. That's very possible if oil stays between 50 and 100.
Ronald Jadin: We've already started the process. It hits a relatively small portion of the volume initially because you have to go through customer level negotiations to get a broader increase and so that's the process we have to follow through the first six months.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah, I'm going to take. So, in December everything was up and part of that's a holiday timing, part of that was some year-end buying. From an end market perspective we are seeing certainly manufacturing stabilize even through the entire fourth quarter and then government has been strong and consistent strong performer and we feel like we're well-positioned to continue to grow the government business.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah. There was actually with regard to timing of payables, just there was a lot of inventory purchase near the end of the year, so our in transit inventory balance increased quite a bit and as a result our payable did as well. So, really just the timing thing there. Most of our favorability was driven by working capital. AR came down quite a bit in the fourth quarter versus the third which it always does but even more so this year and I think the timing, this time the time when holiday helped us in terms of when the holidays on a weekend we have more days to collect where our customers are open and we are in the office. So AR benefited as well.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah. We are -- our plan calls for fourth quarter to break even with the business in Canada. Just to give you a little bit history there, given the reliance on oil and gas, obviously the down turn has a big impact and the added challenge has been, we put the new system in and we had some service disruptions as well. We focused very hard last half of the year on stabilizing the service and we are hearing very good things from customers right now in terms of providing service to them and so we feel like we are in a better position now to be able to do things like take price increases and drive volume but we would expect to be break even in the fourth quarter of next year of this year.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah. There was some cost, we have easier comps in the fourth quarter of this year than last year because in the fourth quarter of '15 we had quite a few expenditures relative to the SAP project which went live in the first quarter of '16. So, from an expense perspective if that's what you are referring to we had easier comps but we also were taking cost out of the business as well as we've been doing everywhere, given the soft revenue.
Ronald Jadin: So, I would make a few points. Thanks for the question. So, with our large customers they have had competitive prices for a long time. We had changed to some degree our price structure to try to give them more price incentives to buy slower moving items. And that has gone reasonably well when we give category discounts or other discounts we do see volume increases. So, that has gone well. On the mid-size customer piece, we went through a fairly significant coverage change last year where we eliminated outside sales covering mid-size customers and started inside sales and that team has been working to get the pricing programs in place for those customers and again when we get to customers and we get them to sign up with the pricing program which we talked about Red Pass Plus a minute ago, that has gone well. The broad changes on the web have just started. So when we talked in November we talked about the beginning of the year starting those changes. It's too early to say how they are going and really what we've done so far is changed some prices to understand how the back-end systems would work and support those changes and so far that looks good. You'll see a lot more that happening over the next couple of months and we are getting a much better read on how on the impact of those changes and just to remind everybody the goal here is to provide a reasonable price for small mid-size customers and spot buys. And that price will be higher GP than the average GP. So it's still going to be not cheap but it's a reasonable price for those customers and those changes broadly are just starting now.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah. I mean, I don't know that we've got a different perspective. I would say to your point around optimism, I have been with a number of customers this year and there is some optimism but that optimism hasn't yet translated into to activity. And in fact, some of the manufacturers had some concerns as well as optimism about the rush in things to do. So, I would say there is some optimism and if that were to bear fruit, certainly that would help us. So far we haven't seen it. So, I don't think our position has changed at all.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah. I think we are mostly set, I think with the large customer organization we are mostly set in terms of the coverage we have. We like the coverage we have and that group is going to get more productive given some of the tools we've given to them. I would say for mid-size customers what would get us to increase spending is if the results were positive in a way that was better than we expected, then we would spend the money. And so, I don't think it's necessarily external. It's more what happens to our own initiatives and if the initiatives bear fruit we will spend more. We are not really locked into to what happens in the economy for those actions.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah. I would say we are very focused on making sure that we get productivity out of our large pools of cost. We continue to get nice productivity out of our distribution centers which is a big cost. We are making changes in our context centers in 2017 to consolidate and take out some cost. We are working hard on the sales force and the tools we provided them so that we can grow without having to add headcount in equal parts to our growth. Really at every point in the organization we are focused on expense, spend money where customers care about it and then get productivity in every part of the organization.
Ronald Jadin: So, our guidance is our expectation at this point. So, we are I am not sure that you stand but you may. Our guidance is our expectation.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah, we are watching that closely. It's a little bit too early to tell and I think once we get through, just as a reminder, January last year was our second highest growth month of the year after December. So, there is some holiday timing, I think there is some weather we did sell more cold weather product in December than we are selling in January for sure given what we have seen in the weather. So, there is a number of factors there. I wouldn't read too much into the first three weeks necessarily.
Ronald Jadin: Well. So, keep in mind we were comparing that to our Analyst Day. What we talked about in Analyst Day December was a little stronger really across the board. All Canada, the US, both were stronger, the rest of the business was basically on what we would have expected. So, that's why we are a little bit better. Yeah. Just slightly better than expectations. I wouldn't read too much into that and we've been talking about what happened in December and November and January and how much of that was holiday timing and other stuff. So, I wouldn't necessarily read too much into that and really nothing was significantly below expectations for December.
Ronald Jadin: No. And some of that was estimates of what do we cost the restructure, sometimes were higher than we landed and so that won't have any impact. It should not have any impact on 2017.
Ronald Jadin: Yes. With some easier comps essentially, or there was some unfavorable GP rate items in the fourth quarter of '15 that just gave us a bit of easier comp. And then some of the mix issues that we have with faster growth with some of our low margin businesses while they continue to grow. As they get bigger they have a lower mix impact, negative mix impact on GP, so as they mature and as their margins expand actually, the native impact of those businesses diminishes overtime.
Ronald Jadin: Yes. So, thanks Hamzah. So, we do a lot of analysis on our supply changes as a regular course of business to understand where we purchased whether we have unique exposure relative to competitors through our purchasing activities, we don't have much. So, trade agreements would certainly have an impact. We have alternative suppliers for many of those sources and we have those in place in plans if we need to go to those alternative sources. We don't feel like we will be unduly impacted by trade agreements. We don't buy more than our competitors do overseas as an example and we have alternatives for many of those suppliers. I think the broader issue, so for the sourcing that we own for our private brands that we globally source, I think we have a good set. For the branded product, there are some categories that really are not made much in the US anymore if at all and so trade agreements on those I don't know what would happen there and we'd have to figure that out and we haven't historically focused too much of our energy there because that hasn't been under our control but I think it's an interesting thing for us. We probably need to spend little more time thinking about that.
Ronald Jadin: Well, I mean, I think in general our US business is less variable. So in down time it's down less and in up times it's up a little bit less and that's just the way the US business works. We serve the entire economy in the US, so we are very diversified. We are not as diversified in Canada, so if you have big projects, it can have a bigger impact. I think that's probably the basic dynamic there.
Ronald Jadin: Well, I think so it depends I would say where your starting position is. Given that went down so far and now they have been upper 10 months, I think it's probably taking a little bit longer but if they continue to stabilize at higher levels I think you will see it flow through. So, I think it's just what you are seeing now is just a function of how far they went. They dropped before coming up and in many cases they dropped a lot.
Ronald Jadin: It's -1, is the expectation. Now we also have expectation we will negative cost inflation this year as well.
Ronald Jadin: About 50 basis points. So, if there was significant commodity increases that would, that would help us if that happens.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah. If it's well known that the commodity prices are up, we generally do pretty well and we're able to pass that through and I think that would still be the case here.
Ronald Jadin: Great. A lot of its weather, a lot of it is just whether the facilities are running at full capacity or not. It's the dynamic of both of those two. So, we ended the year at about $0.15 and we think next year '17 will in the $0.10 to $0.15 range, so very similar.
Ronald Jadin: There is none today but over the next few years we'll make attempt to either return cash or issue credits to customers, so eventually overtime there will be.
Ronald Jadin: Well, we are –- we have gone through a process and I'll focus on the US first. We are certainly going to have a price increase in Canada as we have talked about through the first half of the year. In the US, we are restructuring our price, we certainly have raised some prices and lowered others. We look at the market pricing and we've adjusted to that. So, there are some price increases in there and we would expect this to hold.
Ronald Jadin: Well, I take that to our earlier discussion. If you said what is the percentage that we import that is part of our private brand which is what we have talked about historically. Our private brand is 20% to 25%, most of that is imported now, so probably 15% to 20% would be imported. And then if you included the brands that goes way up, so the branded products in our estimate would be 40% roughly but we have some work to do to really understand that.
Ronald Jadin: I'm sorry, in the fourth quarter they did. There were few early in the year that were excess and obsolescence for inventory, those would have been up in that GP. So, just to be clear, the fourth quarter that's true but earlier or in there is at least one or two.
Ronald Jadin: I am sorry. One more thing, just also the discreet tax items, maybe it's obvious but those are below the lines, those are in tax.
Ronald Jadin: Yeah. I would say January started out sluggish based on some of the comps in the holiday discussion we had before, yes.
