D.G. Macpherson: It’s a great question, thanks. Let me just start by saying that, we think the market has grown this year and we have seen strengthening in many segments. And so part of the growth is certainly – part of the volume growth is certainly driven by strengthening in the market – of the marketplace. When we look at the pricing actions, we see growth that is significantly higher than we see in the past in areas that are directly affected by pricing and that’s what gets us comfortable, particularly midsized customers, where we were double-digit negative last year and that were positive. Large local customers that are not on contracts, which have turned positive and have been negative for a long time, and then just the spot buy with manufacturing commercial customers, which have turned positive as well. And so we see very strong growth in those areas and that gives us confidence that what we’re doing is working. And we – we’ve estimated the market to be growing a couple of percent this year with volume of 5% in the U.S. Certainly, we feel like we’re gaining volume share and most of that is probably reaction to our pricing at this point.
D.G. Macpherson: No. That – it’s really all government. In fact, government’s 100% of the slowdown. We saw state and local government holding funds. We saw federal government holding funds in many cases. There are rumors that that is easing up, but we’ll have to wait and see if that plays out, so it has been all government during the quarter.
D.G. Macpherson: No. I guess, the short answer to that, Ryan, is not really. I mean, I think the industry is seeing pressure on margins across the Board the last few years. And certainly product and price transparency has increased as more customers Google items actually with two customers yesterday we were talking about our price changes. And their response was that’s fantastic, because we don’t feel like we should be negotiating every item with you. And if you’re in the ballpark, you’re going to get the business, given the service that you provide. And so really we’re seeing very strong response at very strong margins, where we’re getting the new price programs in place. So there hasn’t been a real change in the competitive environment necessarily on those items where we’re competitive.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, so there will – so there will be some revenue impact obviously in the closed branches. Typically, we see revenue impact in the 20% roughly range, many of these branches. So to give you a sense, in the U.S. we have 250 branches. In Canada, we have 144 and the volumes attempt. So we’re over store in Canada right now until we are closing branches that are unprofitable, there’ll be some revenue impact, but it’s going to be positive OE impact. And we’ve taken a very closer look at where we want branches to be and where there’s foot traffic, where we can use those branches offer service to customers that they will stay open. And we will continue to provide actually better service to customers as products ships directly to customers, and we still provide services to customers twice the business. So some revenue lost certainly. We are really focused on getting the business reset to a place where it can grow profitably, that’s our focus right now.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. And so I think the question is, how do you take competitive response to the model. I would say, we’re in an industry in the U.S. where the markets roughly $125 billion and competitors compete in very, very different ways. I was at a customer in Milwaukee yesterday and we were there, a lot of our competitors were there, serving different volume in different ways. And we have not seen direct response to the changes yet. It’s not obvious, given that some compete specialists, some compete online, some don’t compete online, it’s not obvious that how competitors will respond. And we feel like we get within range of the prices that we’re going to be very strong in terms of our growth. For the mom and pops, it’s not obvious that there’s a lot of room to respond really in terms of profit margins as well. So we’ll watch that closely. We’re watching it closely, and we will see what happens, but we haven’t seen much response yet.
D.G. Macpherson: So I can tell you, we’re looking at the competitive environment very closely. We’re not setting our web prices to be near the bottom on the stat. One thing I would say is, we actually spent a little bit of marketing money in the quarter on customer acquisition. At those put for items that we already changed on web prices and we had a very good response on small volume. And so I think we’ve shown and proved to ourselves that we can acquire customers at a price that is not low. It’s competitive, but it’s not low. And so, we don’t feel like we’re going to have to – we know we’re not going to have to be lowest price and we feel like we’re positioning the price virtually.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, it was in line with our expectations. So keep in mind that large customers most of their prices had always been competitive. And so the price change will have less of an impact initially with large customers and then well at midsized. And so we would expect shift in midsized to be much bigger than our – with larger customers, and so it was right at our expectations for the quarter.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, so the back-half of the quarter the government was down and everything else, the trend stayed stable effectively is the way to think about. I think that’s your question is, we saw a significant year-over-year down with government as state, local, and federal in some cases health funding. But everything else just kind of continued on similar trends.
D.G. Macpherson: Government started the quarter very strongly and ended very, very slowly. And these are all – just keep in mind these are all very large contracts that we have with the government, so it’s completely independent of our pricing action and really what they chose to spend or not spend.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So we have a lot of examples of doing this very well, particularly the online model with MonotaRO and Zoro. So lot of this is marketing spend online with a paid search of product listing ads. The dynamic we’ve had on the U.S. for a long time is that, if we had a customer click through as we paid – used paid search advertising, they would click through a price that was or they see a price the visible price that was much higher than the competition. So the difference now is when they click through, they’ll see something that is reasonable, and that marketing will have a much higher return than it had historically. We haven’t had great returns in the U.S., but particularly on new customer acquisition with marketing where we have with MonotaRO, for example. And so as we think about this, we’re going to spend marketing spend to acquire customers and then to acquire contacts within existing customers and the return on that should be much better than we see in the past because of our pricing.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, in the back-half of the year, we’re expecting 6% to 8% of volume growth. And so fairly strong volume growth based on the price changes and some marketing ads. I think the government is probably a wildcard still in terms of what happens we – we’ve heard rumors of things easing up, but we will need to see it. So we’ll see what happens with the government.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, we are very focused on actually in the price – the pricing changes effectively on improving our cost structure. We will provide 2018 guidance at the Analyst Day in November.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, when your prices are – your visible prices are much higher than the competition, and you do things like digital marketing, you don’t get the returns that you get. So this will enable us to spend on marketing dollars from midsized customer for customer acquisition like we have been able to do before. I would also say that when you sit down and talk with our customers, customers like as recently as yesterday, they are very excited if we are reasonably priced to give us a whole bunch of more volume. And so we’re pretty excited about – they’re pretty excited about the prospect and not having to come to us for negotiations for SKU level decisions. And so we feel like that’s going to change the game pretty substantially. Thus far, we’ve only changed partial prices. And so what you’ve seen so far is a partial response to the pricing changes and that will change start again in August.
D.G. Macpherson: So percent of SKUs online spend 400 some thousand, so it’s been 25% to 35% have been repriced or repriced at the beginning of the year and that that will be all of them soon. And at the percentage of volume, I think that the most important thing to recognize, it was large customer volume, large customer pricing was already competitive. So the impact has been fairly small thus far on large customers. We renegotiated a bunch of contracts in the last 60 days that will change that dynamic. But so far large customer prices really haven’t been all that different this year than they’ve been in the past in many cases.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, Deane, that’s a great question. I guess I go back to the strength of our cash flow generation through cycles is very strong. As you know, we reinvested about a third of our cash back in the business and the other two-thirds given back to shareholders. So there’s a lot of excess cash. So, that’s not a real concern of ours at all. We buy through the cycles. We’ll continue to buy back shares as we’ve given a guidance in the past. We’ll continue on that same path.
D.G. Macpherson: I don’t think in this case, it had much impact on spot purchases in the aggregate. So we have a very clear view to the pipeline and many of our government customers. And so the pipeline looks pretty good, but the money didn’t release at the end of the second quarter and that was – you can tie into very specific state and local governments and very specific federal agencies, it just did not release any money. So in this case, it’s pretty easy to see what’s going on, and assuming that you release the money, it will come back, but it’s very easy to see what’s going on from a pipeline perspective.
D.G. Macpherson: What should happen is in 2019, our price should stabilize and so that volume growth in 2019 actually is positive for GP dollars. And then this – when you put this the expense picture below it, you get to the earnings guidance we’ve had before.
D.G. Macpherson: And I just wanted to make a comment earlier about the sequential GP rate. There’s nothing unusual in the quarter GP rate, but sequentially to the first quarter, there is an anomaly in the first quarter. And I’ll just go back to the press release from that, because it’s there year-over-year and it’s how our national sales meeting is accounted for and there are some costs that are moved between expenses and GP. So that does create a sequential difference from the first quarter to the second, and – but it’s just accounting-related, it’s not operational.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So, Hamzah, I won’t talk about a specific percentage of them, actually that’s appropriate to talk about publicly. But – so let me tell you about the customer conversations we had. Yesterday, I was talking with a customer, and their perspective was, they get things the product availability, a wide range of products it comes quickly. But their perspective was also that, we provide them with a whole lot of support around safety service around inventory management services. We’ve embedded ourselves to help and manage our inventory. We understand how the business runs. We help them. I talked to somebody who places the orders. We talked about six people in the organization. And his view was, your orders are the easiest to place, easiest to get resolved, because you understand how our business operates and you link with our process very, very well. So there’s a whole range of the way we operate, which will allow us to command a premium in the market as long as that premium isn’t, so visible and so large.
D.G. Macpherson: So we have – we’re mostly outside sellers calling on large complex customers. We have an inside sales team calling on midsized customers, but most of the numbers are in outside sales. We – there’s a couple of things going on. One is, we think pricing will allow those dollars to grow revenue, have better conversations and more conversations without having to talk about price as much and we feel like the revenue per sellers should increase. We should get more penetration at those account. So we look at revenue per seller pretty closely. Our expectation is we will get significant improvements based on the pricing actions, based on the tools we’re providing sellers, based on the number of factors and we are confident we’ll start to get more productivity out of the sales organization.
D.G. Macpherson: I think based on the quarter, that would be a reasonable assumption. I would say that the quarter was as expected, given the changes going on in the business, given what’s going to happen in August 1. We’re very confident in the past, but there’s no reason to alter our guidance at this point. We feel like, we’re on the right path.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, so we are – our COGS this year are likely going to be on the 0.5%, and we are not seeing huge inflationary pressure moving through, there is a little bit, but not much. If in fact, we got inflation, we would be able to get price in the number of places and number of customers. It works that way to see whether that happens, but we’re not – we have not seen any inflation in our COGS at this point.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, I think we have worked very hard putting processes to manage COGS. We work – we’ve put in new processes to really understand the competitive environment, understand what products should cost and build that into our work with suppliers. I think we’ve done a nice job of managing it.
D.G. Macpherson: No government business did impacted and we saw for large customers spot buy x government was pretty stable throughout quarter.
D.G. Macpherson: We actually hope the trends up. I think when we’re talking to customers now about the new pricing structure, both us and they would like to get out of the situation where we have to negotiate every item. And so our hope is as we grow midsized customers as we grow long-contract customers, as we get the new contracts in with contract customers that actually spot buy will grow and we feel like we can make that happen.
D.G. Macpherson: It’s down. It’s a little bit more significantly third and fourth quarter over the prior years than it is in the first-half. So it’s worsening, but we haven’t given guidance on that per se. We’ve kind of stayed with the whole year. I think our total year guidance is still good, just a little – obviously a little bit worse in the second-half than the first-half on a year-over-year comp.
D.G. Macpherson: A product mix continues to be favorable for us. And what I mean by that is we’re – it’s not offsetting GP rate, but it’s at least mitigating some of it. And that’s the growth we’re seeing with the medium-sized customers in particular and the product they’re buying that even though their price reduced they’re still at margins above the company average. And so that does provide a partial mix offset.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, it’s not a permanently rebased margin. A lot of that has to do with the currency and the currency shifts having an impact on GP rate. And so we are working through pricing changes as a result of that. But when that happens typically, we like that and so we have to make that up. We’re also working on the plans to get back to where we need to be starting in 2018. So it’s not a permanent change. It’s just a pretty significant change given the currency translation.
D.G. Macpherson: So thanks for joining us this morning. Just to reiterate, we performed as we expected during the quarter. I think, the exciting points are that we’re starting to see growth in places that are really important for a long-term profitability, most notably midsized customers and large customers stop buy. We are continuing to make the portfolio stronger, making sure that the businesses we have are profitable and have profitable growth. Our actions in Canada, we are taking an eye towards improving profitability much faster there and took some significant actions in the quarter. We’ll keep talking about what we’re doing there. And we really believe that we are very well positioned to improve the customer experience. The conversations we have with customers around pricing have been fantastic. There has been no walking by customers. They’re very happy with what the direction we’re taking. They understand that we have a great service. They understand that we have a strong digital experience. They understand that we have a strong onsite experience. We’re going to continue to leverage those things to grow the business and we’re really excited about the path we’re on. So with that, thanks for joining us and take care.
Ronald Jadin: We – so we really haven’t lost any contracts that are meaningful to the negotiations. The negotiations have gone exceptionally well. I would say that, we still have to update a very small portion of those contracts on the new pricing, because most of that debt slips in the next month. So what you’re seeing was spot buy is encouraging, but it’s also relatively small base. Still we would expect to see better results as time goes on. So but so far we haven’t had. The conversations have gone well. Customers understand what’s going on in the marketplace. They really value the service that we provide – the services we provide in many cases. And so the conversations have gone very, very well and we’re going to create more value for customers and ourselves through these process.
Ronald Jadin: Our business has become more complex and we are – have looked at sort of the spec we want for a CFO, and we feel like we should cast away in that. So we’re going to look externally and find somebody who can handle the complexity of the regulatory environment, things have changed pretty substantially. And so we feel like that’s the right thing to do to look for the best candidate and we will find the best candidate we can find anywhere.
Ronald Jadin: I’ll take it. This is Ron. Our free cash flow continues to be strong and it is kind of counterintuitive I suppose. There’s a lot of the restructuring that we’re doing at probably 80% of it is non-cash. So Colombia is a great example of that. So that has really affected our cash flow. And so while operationally there’s some pressure because of performance. There’s also a fair amount of cash flow we’re generating through the sale of the branches that we closed over the last two years. So, we expect free cash flow to continue to be strong and it’s up 10%, as we speak.
Ronald Jadin: No. To give you a sense though, the Colombia is a $42 million charge and over $30 million of it’s actually non-cash. So that it’s not as big of a cash event as it is an earnings event.
Ronald Jadin: I think government was up low double-digit in the first-half of the quarter, I believe. So it was the big change that of a second-half.
Ronald Jadin: Yes. So, we think we gained a little bit of share in the first-half of the year. The market is down slightly, we’re up slightly. So that that’s our volume growth – our sales growth in Cromwell. The business is right around break-even now from a – from an earnings perspective. Keep in mind that that includes fairly significant investments we’ve made in the supply chain over the last nine months to go more to a direct-to-customer model. And we feel like that business will bounce back profitably wise fairly quickly and positive next year. So we’re not concerned about the long-term health of the business. We – but it has been a market challenge and the other thing has been a challenge is the currency change with the British pound has caused us to chase some price increases and the GP line has suffered..
Ronald Jadin: Well, I would say, for about a year, it was a big hindrance of doing any things. We had a bunch of service problems in the business. We are now a stable service, is good in the business. And we’re able to take a fresh look and really get after improving the fundamental operations and profitability of the business. It actually helps us now. We have more visibility into where there are – where there’s profitable portions of the business and where there isn’t. So right now it’s working well and stable.
Ronald Jadin: No, nothing unusual. Volume is up a fair amount. It’s just timing of collections and when the year-end closes off versus kind of the first-half of the year. This had a – it’s really just timing. There’s nothing unusual with DSO. The underlying DSO – that’s been – that’s remained stable.
Ronald Jadin: No, we don’t believe we’ve seen that behavior and talking to customers that doesn’t appear to be a behavior. Customers typically just buy. I mean, they’re not stockpiling inventory in our business and they buy when they need it. So given that’s kind of $300 at a time, we don’t expect to see much of that.
Ronald Jadin: I mean, commodity inflation we can often see right we have negotiations with suppliers. We can increase prices when we see true commodity inflation. But when a currency changes overnight, there is always a lag effect that’s going back to customers and repricing.
Ronald Jadin: Well, for large customers, the biggest change will be more competitive prices in the items that they don’t buy frequently. So they will have – we will have renegotiated contracts in many cases. They will be more competitive in the tail of their purchases. For midsized customers, we will have price that will allow us to acquire customers now will be very, very new. So that will be very different than we’ve had historically. We talked about 50% of our volume at competitive prices of midsized customers, that’s part of the story. We don’t actually have business with most of midsized customers in the U.S. So we have a big football field to go out and try to acquire customers now. We’re going to go, go after that, so that will be very, very different.
Ronald Jadin: That will balance one for the most part. There are still some contracts that are having holding the same contracts, because they have renewals coming up in the next year. But for the most part it will have taken place.
Ronald Jadin: Yes, yes. John, there was and I was trying to – I probably didn’t say it well, but our national sales and service meeting in the first quarter….
Ronald Jadin: …is funded by suppliers, and so a lot of that expense gets moved up the COGS. And so that does create an anomaly for us between the first quarter and the second quarter for sequential GP rate. And I would just suggest you go back to how we explained on the first quarter. I don’t have that information with me, but it should be in our press release. That actually is in the first quarter and a little bit in the second quarter actually where we have to account for that, but…
Ronald Jadin: Yes. So we do a lot of analysis on Zoro. And the vast majority of the Zoro volume comes from small businesses that Grainger has not had a relationship with. So most of the customer file, we have no business with at all, the Zoro customer file. There’s a little bit of cannibalization that is very, very small. I would also say when you visit Orange customers, you don’t really hear Zoro come up at all. It is not a discussion point. So we don’t. We know the cannibalization rate is very, very small.
Ronald Jadin: So cumulative translation adjustment, it’s on the balance sheet and it has to get flush through the P&L. That currency has weakened substantially in the last five years. And so, that’s a like $15 million by itself, that’s a pretty big non-cash item. So the things the typically would be cash would be severance right things like that. I don’t say a little bit of it is writing down some inventory at branches that were closing up in Canada. Most of the inventory we moved, but it becomes an opportunity to dispose some of the very slow moving items as opposed to handling it again and moving into another branch. So there’s some of that we sell. We actually generate cash on some of those, but we take some book accounting it.
Ronald Jadin: Yes, for the branches that we own, I mean, this all depends on the market, right, the real estate market. But in the U.S. certainly, it has helped us. Now just to be clear from a P&L perspective, we have some gains and we pulled that out. So that the gains and/or losses, but it’s been gains, because gains are removed just like the restructuring costs are removed. So we talk about year-over-year adjusted results, none of that is in there, right. So it’s an apples-to-apples comparison. But it has helped us a little bit on cash flow the last couple of years and probably will next year as well.
