D.G. Macpherson: Thank you, Dee. Before I open it up for questions, I want to really reiterate my appreciation for the Grainger team and our partnership with our customers and suppliers in this challenging year. While we all hope that 2021 will bring more normalcy than it in fact did, the team remained steadfast in our purpose of keeping the world working and in turn achieved outstanding results for the year, both financially and operationally. In the coming year, we will continue to focus on serving our customers better than anyone else, profitably growing market share and making Grainger a great place to work. We have three core priorities: first, execute on our growth drivers that provide customers with a flawless experience and tangible value to help them operate safely and effectively; second, drive operational excellence and productivity in all that we do to support our growth investments; and third, strengthen our culture and focus on talent development at all levels of the organization. We will execute these efforts with our long-term environmental, social and governance objectives in mind. Finally, I'm excited to announce that we'll be hosting an Analyst Day in the fall of this year, where we will be focused on providing more details on our strategic initiatives and longer-term outlook. With that, we will open the line, up for questions.
D.G. Macpherson: So just to be clear, thanks for the question, and that's a good clarification point. And I can turn it over to Dee for specific. But in general, we talk about share gain, we're talking all about volume. So, our philosophy is to price to market, and then we expect to get volume share gain. That's how we think.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I guess I can start with that one. So we have not changed our expectations for Zoro operating margin. We still are on the same path. We talked about. We have gotten strong gross profit improvement in the business. Some of that – most of that is squarely focused on quality growth, so making sure we are acquiring business customers that have long-term positive value and really focusing our efforts there, which means we’ve gotten out of some lower quality growth avenues that we’ve had in the past. And that has shown a pop. That pop is going to stick, but you’re not going to see similar growth in the gross profit line like we’ve seen. That has been very specifically towards actions to improve the quality of our growth, and we think we’re on a good path now. But we’re still on the same operating margin.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Yes. It’s a great question. So it’s – there’s a lot of chaos in the supply chain for sure. It has been very costly to get containers out of Asia. We have been prioritizing what we can get in. I think we’ve done a nice job of navigating the things that we can control. I think the other thing I would point to is we’ve done a really nice job of crossing items to more locally sourced items to help support customers during this time. And I think our ability to improve our product information has helped us navigate this. We are starting to see some loosening coming from Asia now, and we do expect things to get at least modestly better through the next couple of quarters. And so it’s been a challenge. I think it has been a constant seed if you’re working in the supply chain, certainly, the last year, our team has done a great job with navigating it. I think relatively, we’re doing well, but it’s challenging for sure.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, I’ll turn it over to Dee in a second. I mean so it’s not necessarily a catch up. I’d say our CapEx is almost always in supply chain investments and in technology, and that will continue to be the case. I’ll turn it over to Dee to talk about specifics.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, I think there's a number of factors that go into that. We think we probably had some net benefit in the sense that we have product there, there's probably we don't have. And we've been able to navigate the challenge as well. And I talked about it before, but almost every customer call I have now talks about finding alternates that are in stock as opposed to waiting to get received from Asia, and we are aggressively helping our customers find solutions to keep them up and running. And I think that – all of that in our scale and the inventory pools we have help. We did build inventory in the back half of the year pretty significantly, and that has been a help as well. So I'd say we're a net beneficiary. And I think it's also helped us develop stronger relationships with our customers because we've been able to serve them during this time.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, I think Dee talked about this a little bit before. We have a lot more clarity about what we'd expect in the first half of the year. Just on compares, we would expect the first half of the year to be stronger in terms of revenue growth. That said, we look at run rate volumes, and we understand how our initiatives impact volume and we're confident in at this point and what we've talked about from a range and feel pretty good about the year in terms of our ability to grow.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So just as a reminder for everybody, I think we've talked about this before. At our peak, we had about $2 billion worth of midsized customer sales. We went down to $800 million. We have recovered a portion of that, but we still have a long ways to go. And our share with midsized customers is still smaller. We are getting smarter in terms of our ability to acquire and develop relationships with midsized customers. It's hard to argue that we'd ever get to the wallet share in any reasonable time horizon that we have with large customers, we do think we can grow it faster than we grow large customers for years to come. So we're pretty confident in the growth path that we expect.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. And I think it's a really good question. The short answer is the competitive market is very, very different. In Japan, the market typically goes through wholesalers to local distributors to customers versus what we have in the U.S. with the big distributors that serve customers with all kinds of services today. And so we don't see an opportunity for Zoro and our enterprise customer business. We see that squarely on the shoulders the Grainger brand and the high-tech solutions and the competitive environment makes that very different in the U.S. And so that's our growth path there.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean, I think through the last two years, we have done well in terms of navigating the supply chain. At first, it was pandemic product. And this past year, it was mostly non-pandemic product, where we have been able to find solutions and work with our customers and our suppliers to figure out how to get the right solutions for our customers. I don't see that changing at all in the first half of the year. I think we're going to be constrained. I know we're constrained now and we'll continue to be constrained as an industry. So I think the things we've been working on figuring out how to help customers find the right solutions in a constrained world will continue to be beneficial. And certainly, we don't really know how every distributor is doing. But having the inventory pools we have, having the information we have, having the data, having the deep customer relationships all helps us help our customers navigate through these really challenging times.
D.G. Macpherson: I'm not sure if I've got the exact numbers. It's – I would say most industries are above pre-pandemic levels for us now. Pretty much all manufacturing would be – there might be some sub-segments. We mentioned aerospace in the UK, aerospace has been challenged, for sure. And then there are certainly industries that we supported like cruise lines and hotels and airlines that are still below. It's a small portion of our total, and we continue to support those customers well and expect to continue to support those customers. But I think it's sort of we aren't talking as if the large portion of our customer base is challenged right now. We're seeing very strong demand in general, and we know there are sub-segments that are still struggling. We would expect those to recover over the next couple of years.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean without going into too many details, we always look at Chinese New Year and try to get out in front of it. Part of the inventory build that we had was being able to pull full containers in earlier, clearly, things are still backed up coming out of China. The Chinese New Year, we're in the midst of it. When it comes out, it typically takes two to four months for things to get totally back to normal. We do expect some ease of supply chain, some more flow to come in. We're starting to see signs that, that is likely to occur. But certainly, this year, we – it wasn't just Chinese New Year. We're just managing constrained supply chains, and so that was part of it.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, yes. So we expect to have a strong SKU count addition this year, the team is working on analytics and works with the team in Japan as well to understand which customers and which product pairs we want to go after. So we do most of that analytically. We use some platform, artificial intelligence type tools to help with that. But a lot of it's good old-fashioned analytics and understanding which target segments we want to go after small business segments we want to go after and which products to add. We continue to have a lot of success with getting those products in and having them be a source of growth for those customer segments.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Yes. So we had strong growth through almost all the channels. I would say that KeepStock grew faster than the core business last year, continues to be a really core driver of growth in serving customers on site. As does ePro, which is typically connecting our systems directly to purchasing systems. So we continue to have a lot of large complex customers that have multiple points of stickiness and helps the customer manage their purchasing process and their inventory. We have seen, obviously, strong growth with digital, grainger.com has continued to grow very quickly. I think if you looked at it with midsized customers, you'd see digital as the primary source of growth. And if you look at it with large complex customers, you'd see more balance with strong growth in cube stock and ePro is what you typically see.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I think over the last two years, branches have grown slower than e-commerce. That doesn't mean they aren't growing. They've actually had solid growth. But yes, I think Dee, you correct me, I think I'm pretty sure that branch, if you look over the last few years, walk-in traffic has been down, and the pandemic is probably contributed to that. We saw a nice bounce back this year after a pretty significant down in 2020.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, that's a good question. So it affects MonotaRO only. Zoro is not having unusual investments at this point, and we expect the operating margin to continue to expand for Zoro the next several years. MonotaRO has – given the Japanese geographic footprint, it's not as broad or as big as the U.S., obviously. And they have very high-volume DCs but very few of them. And so what you're seeing right now is expansion – capacity expansion around Tokyo and Osaka, which are the two primary places where you need distribution capacity. And you're going to see a lot of redundant assets this year, which is why costs go up, and you're basically running two buildings and doing the transfer. That falls off in 2023. So in 2023, you'll see more of a normal return to SG&A for the MonotaRO business. It's just the – I think they're going from a 1.1 million square foot building to 1.7 million or something like that around the socket. These are very large buildings. And when you're running both of them at the same time, you have a lot of redundant costs during the transition.
D.G. Macpherson: All right. Well, thank you. I appreciate everybody's questions, and thanks for the time today. We obviously feel good about the way the year ended and are excited about 2022. We're going to stay focused on making sure we provide the right solutions to our customers, and investing in things that I think the thing I'm most excited about is we have a lot of things we can still get a lot better at. And so it does feel like we are working on the right things, and we'll stay committed to making sure that we build the right systems and processes to support our customers and win for the future. So I hope you all stay warm and you're not getting hit too hard by the storm and look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. So, as it relates to the components for the U.S. market, we anticipate low single-digit volume growth at about 4% to 5% in price, which results in a market of about 4% to 7%. And there we expect to grow 300 basis points above the market which gets you to high-touch U.S. guide of between 7% to 10% growth.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. We expect 300. We’re really confident – at a minimum, we’re really confident in the first half outlook, and we anticipate robust growth and some price inflation there. But the second half remains really harder to predict for us. And so based upon having better visibility, we feel pretty confident in the outlook that we’ve stated right now. And know that as things change, we’ll be more than want to talk about that and talk about the changes in the future how does impact our results.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. Just a little bit more to add to that, D.G. I agree, really not a catch-up. We’re really focused on maintenance capital in the DC. The DC have been running hard. As you can expect, we’re trying to keep up with demand. And so we’re making sure that we’re spending the right amount of capital there. In addition to that, you hear us continue to talk about continued capacity investment in Japan. So that is a portion of that as well. We mentioned our focus on ESG. So that’s about 10% of our capital spend going into next year. So really just getting back to what we would call normal levels of capital as we come out of the recovery.
Dee Merriwether: So yes, the LIFO adjustment is in the adjusted results. And just want to remind everyone again that this is a noncash accounting entry and really is not reflective of operational performance. And so this year, at the end of the year, because we invested heavily in growing our inventory, so that it set us up well for the start of this year. That, coupled with cost inflation is the result of a larger adjustment than normal. And that adjustment, which you'll see in the 10-K is more than two times what it's historically been. So you'll see the net of tax around $49 million.
Dee Merriwether: So you're correct. It's about 25%. That is factored into our numbers. We really didn't get a benefit from that this year. We don't expect to on a go forward basis unless inflation changes materially.
Dee Merriwether: So if I just start back with the U.S. GP probably be a good place to start there. Our goal was to exit the year in line with pre-pandemic levels for high-touch U.S., and so we achieved that around 40%. We will expect high-touch U.S. GP to stabilize into 2022, but we're also expecting a little bit more normal seasonality for our plan this year. We do expect to continue to manage price cost were added to 2022. And then we'll have a little bit of compression potentially from EA. Even though the high touch business is growing much faster than it has historically been, it is still a little bit lighter than the EA business, so that causes a little bit of compression for us.
Dee Merriwether: No, I don't see that. I think we're about where we expect to be. If you look at our January results sequentially, we're still up a little bit on pandemic sales, but – so we have a little way to go that we hope will help us in our current outlook. We've embedded that we get back to normal levels in 2022. So we've embedded that in our plan and in our guide.
Dee Merriwether: So when you look at our operating cash flow for the year, really two components contribute to that. And neither reasons – neither of them is really a reason for concern for us. And so the major factor was really our decision to invest in inventory later in the year, so we could have a strong start. And the second one was we had a very robust sales growth in the U.S. in December, really exceptionally strong. And so accounts receivable – our accounts receivable balance increased based upon the number of orders, but most of those payments are going to come due early in the year. So we're already seeing a consistent trend to what we've seen in prior years related to AR developed. However, as long as we continue to drive very strong sales, our AR balance would be higher than what it has traditionally been, and we expect to continue to support growth with inventory investment. I know you have a question specifically about inventory related to Chinese New Year. So I'll turn it back to D.G. for that.
Dee Merriwether: So again, you've also Slide 11, you'll see in High-Touch U.S., our January estimate up about 15%, and that's posed by the pandemic and non-pandemic sales at answers your trending for January question.
Dee Merriwether: And then for December sales, I think I'd go back to like what D.G. has articulated, a lot of customers are finding our product availability to be appealing, and we believe that led to a lot of our growth in the U.S. later in the December time frame driven by core pandemic or non-pandemic products.
