Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Tom. So I'm proud of our results for the quarter, and I want to thank our team members for their commitment to safety and customer service.  We have gained share, improved our merchandising and marketing capabilities, deepened our customer relationships, expanded our assortment while improving margins at Zoro and have significant financial flexibility to support the business moving forward. We remain committed to fulfilling our purpose of keeping the world working throughout this pandemic as well as continuing to execute our strategy, so we can achieve this purpose for years to come.  And with that, we will open up the line for questions.
Donald Macpherson: Great. Thanks, Chris. So yes, so we've had -- as you might guess, given inventory positions, we have had a whole bunch of new customers sample Grainger and Zoro and MonatoRO, frankly, as we've had elevated customer acquisitions through this period. The good news is that those who have repeated, the number is much higher than in the past. The repeat rates are similar to the past, but we have a much bigger funnel, and we're starting to get those customers to be regular purchasing customers. So we've seen really nice, attractive customer acquisition through this period, and we think that really helps bode well for the future. We feel very confident in our 300 to 400 basis point outgrowth in the U.S. business and the 20% growth expectations for the endless assortment, and we have no reason to change those right now. This year, we've obviously been higher than that number in the U.S. We would expect to be in that range and shoot for higher, but be in that range moving forward.
Donald Macpherson: I think that's a very interesting question, and I don't think anybody has the answer. What we're seeing right now is elevated pandemic sales. We expect that to continue. And certainly, as case rates rise, which we've seen recently, we would expect that to continue through the fall. What happens when we have better treatments and a vaccine is probably a question that is all in our minds, and it's probably impossible to answer. We would expect some of that to moderate, but we do think people are going to be more conscious of safety and cleanliness for some period after that as well. But for now, we're seeing similar trends to what we've seen in the past. We would expect that to continue in the fall, given the rate of transmission.
Donald Macpherson: Sure. So we had a very heavy investment period in the back half of '18 and '19 with Zoro. Many of those -- those investments took several forms. One was technology. Another was people in getting the talent to be able to have their own destiny in terms of product adds and the like. And so we made those investments. Those investments are behind us. We start to see those -- starting to see those leverage themselves now. This year, we're getting improved operating margins in Zoro. We think the long-term path for Zoro from a margin perspective is as we've discussed. We'll talk about next year in January, but we have no reason to believe the positivity that we've seen won't continue, and we still think that is going to be a high single-digit operating margin business in the next several years. And so that's the path for that business.
Donald Macpherson: So I would say that it's a great question. Most customers -- our largest customers and contract customers often don't pay for parcel. They often pay for LTL or large shipments. The surcharge that Tom was referring to is really around large packages during the peak season, and we will charge for some of that. We expect to recoup some of that. We don't expect to recoup all of that. And that doesn't have much to do with what happens into next year. So we'll talk about next year, obviously, after this quarter. I would say, certainly, the freight business, given the number of shipments going to people's houses, has become strained, and we've seen some pressure. That does not mean though that the surcharges that happened in the fall necessarily translate going forward, and so we'll talk about that. And we think we've got initiatives and actions to help mitigate that moving forward, but we'll talk about that at the end of the year.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So let me take those. And Tom, you can add to them if you think I miss anything. So in terms of inventory, there's really 2 areas where we've built inventory, and we'll continue to do so through the latter part of the year. The first one is sort of normal, which is we are starting the Louisville DC full up in 2021. And so as that comes on, we obviously stock that building. That's partially stocked now, but becomes more fully stocked as we go through, and that's a part of what you've seen. The other part is pre-buys for pandemic-related product. I would say to your question about do we have risk on excess obsolescence with that product, part of what you see in terms of -- with us in terms of pandemic GP already embeds some write-downs.  We obviously, to make sure we could serve our customers, took positions at a whole bunch of products in the height of the pandemic. And some of those, the price/cost has changed. Some of those, we haven't seen movement. In a lot of those, we've seen movement, and it's gone very well. But in that messiness to serve customers, which we think has been really, really important, you're already seeing that in some of the GP rates that you're seeing is us take that. We think that we're in good position. Most of the inventory build, to be clear, has been pre-buys on product that has very low risk. We know suppliers, we know product, we know product that will sell in any case, but trying to get out ahead of that in case the fall and the winter is really, really bad. And so most of that is not higher risk than normal. But certainly, in some of the speculative buys and things we took in the heart of the pandemic, you've already seen some of that come through in terms of GP.
Donald Macpherson: I mean, Tom, I would just add. I mean, if you look at incremental margins with MonatoRO, typically, you're talking about a 15% to 20%, which is just GP minus the variable marketing cost. And so I would expect us to get to something like that over time at Zoro. But that's typically what we see in MonatoRO, I think.
Donald Macpherson: So we view both the endless assortment and the high-touch solutions model as absolutely core to what we do. Masaya Suzuki, who's the leader of that business now, also leads Zoro. We are sharing best practices and analytics and working together to ensure that we're actually making progress across those 2 businesses and our Zoro business in the U.K. as well. So we view it as absolutely core to what we do right now. And we're getting a whole lot of leverage from that MonatoRO team in terms of learnings and building the business in Zoro for the future. So we are running those very, very tightly together at this point.
Donald Macpherson: I think, Deane, if you looked at sales revenue performance July, August, September, October, you'd be hard pressed to see much of a difference across those months. We've seen a little tail off in pandemic and a little improvement in nonpandemic. But pretty much, the trend has been very, very similar across all of those months. So the trends we've seen and the performance we saw in the second quarter really just appears to be -- in the third quarter appears to be continuing in October at this point.
Donald Macpherson: Well, yes, I would say we've certainly seen more digital sales through the pandemic. I think we've seen that in almost every industry and ours has been no different. What I would say is that we are seeing improvements in midsize customer growth from digital actions but also from inside sales actions. So that is more of a touch, but we're seeing nice growth across both of those contact points. And so yes, I would say it's fair to characterize as more digital, but not all digital. We're also seeing some nice growth through some of our other actions that are more high touch.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So one of the things that I would say that's muddled the pandemic a little bit in terms of results has been with so many people working from home, sometimes, the business and the consumer tends to blur. I've listened to a bunch of contact center calls. And it's fascinating that there's a lot of people at home may be buying things for businesses, but also sometimes delivering to their home. And so we think we've had more consumer acquisition than normal. We don't remarket to consumers, whether in Zoro or Grainger. And what we do know is that the business customer acquisition has been very solid, very strong. And the attractiveness of those customers has been every bit as strong as we've seen in the past. So we're happy with -- besides having to sort of sift through consumer business, the business, the [indiscernible] business has been very strong, and that's been that sort of key for us.
Donald Macpherson: Well, I think there's a lot in that question, John. I would say that we -- it's hard -- it's really difficult to project the PPE trend. What we've seen since April, in April, we saw PPE up almost 100% pandemic product, what we call pandemic that includes more than PPE. We saw sort of normal volumes down 20% in April. And what we've seen is those 2 sort of just come together consistently since that time. And there's lots of puts and takes to that. So if PPE comes down and we get a little bit better nonpandemic product, it helps GP, probably doesn't have any impact on SG&A, frankly. We think we can control SG&A in any environment. And one of the good things about the pandemic, and there haven't been many, is it really forces a business to focus, and I think we've really been focused on what matters. And I think that's something that we definitely need to take forward is how do we continue to focus on a few things that really matter, which helps drive results, but also helps you manage your SG&A. So we think we're going to be able to do that going forward. I can't give you a crystal ball answer as to what's going to happen with PPE because it just all depends on the timing of the virus and people's behavior, and we've never seen anything like this before.
Donald Macpherson: No. I mean we'll talk about that certainly at year-end as we talk about forward looking. We took -- we had merit increases this year. So that's not -- yes, clearly, we have costs that will come back into the business. Travel will be modest, we think, for the next 6 months, given what we're seeing with the virus. At some point, that can come back. But I think the headline for me would be, we've seen nice growth. GP has been depressed given pandemic sales has been so elevated. SG&A has been down. I think, over time, as that moderates, you get better GP and a little bit of cost back added into the business. And there's just a dynamic there that we can talk about later.
Donald Macpherson: Well, I'd say a couple of things to that. One is it's probably timing, you probably need 3 more years, given what we're projecting to get Zoro to where we would like to get it. So it's really got the connected tissue to be a really strong performer for a long time. And so that's what we're shooting for. At that point, obviously, we could do things. There's all kinds of tax implications of that, John. And so we need to think through all that at that point. For now, for the next 3 years, we're thinking of it as we need to get Zoro business performing well. We're really excited about the MonatoRO path, and we think that's the right focus for us.
Donald Macpherson: Well, so let me try to take that. So most of our largest complex customers will have embedded solutions. And typically, they'll have both a KeepStock inventory management solution and EDI Pro sort of connected digital solution as well. And so the EDI Pro and KeepStock would make up over 30% of our direct revenue, I believe. Don't quote me on it, something like that. I don't have that in the numbers right in front of me, it's something like that. In terms of number of customers, obviously, our midsized customers have fewer of those solutions. They're more to buying on grainger.com. And by the way, that can be pseudo embedded, although I call it embedded because they can have -- their own they have their own pricing, they may have their own workflow on grainger.com. But typically, they wouldn't have inventory management. And so from a customer count, the number of customers will be much fewer in that 60% than those in there, but the largest complex customers will all have an embedded solution in general.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. Yes. So I mean, I'd say there's three things that have been really impactful. One is SKU count. So we look at the productivity of every SKU add, and we look over kind of the last 6, 7 years as we've added SKUs. We're now -- we've now hit the 5 million points. The adds we've made in the last 6 months are as productive and it looks like maybe even more productive than those that we've made in the past. So that bodes pretty well for future growth. So that's probably the most important piece of the growth. The other one is customer analytics and marketing.  So getting customers, customer acquisition. The funnel is pretty big, but then getting customers to repeat is really the key. And we're doing all kinds of things there with analytics and marketing to get that second, third, fourth order and starting to get real traction there. So those are far and away the two most important things with the endless assortment business that we track, and we're seeing progress on both of those.
Donald Macpherson: So we look at things at other businesses would look at. The return on ad spend, that is interesting, but not sufficient. The most important thing is looking at customer value. And so looking at customer acquisition and the customer lifetime value. And so we look at new customer acquisition rates, repeat rates, and we link all that to a customer value model to understand the NPV of each customer ad. And so that's what we track all the time.
Donald Macpherson: So on your second question, we are evaluating the need to think about any segmentation, and we'll talk about that and our position on that at the end of the year -- or with next year. So we are evaluating that, and we work with our auditors to make sure we understand requirements. So that's still to come. So there's different types of businesses that are in other when you take out endless assortment, but there's not a lot of them. So there's Mexico, that's profitable. There's Puerto Rico, that's profitable. And there's Cromwell, Cromwell is unprofitable now, but having a pretty good year in terms of customer service and experience, and they're losing less money this year than last. So in total, I believe those would be slightly unprofitable, but 2 of them are profitable and 1 is not and working on that one.
Donald Macpherson: So there are two things going on. One is some of those businesses were more impacted and may have been closed. I think the bigger issue was in the heat of the pandemic in April, May, in particular, given the way product supply happened for pandemic products and the customers we needed to funnel that product to, we didn't have product available for those customers. And in the summer, we relaxed that constraint as pandemic products became more available and we were able to open that up to that customer base. And so we've seen very strong growth since that happened. And I think that's probably the bigger issue is just being able to release the product for midsized customers, and we've seen nice growth as result.
Donald Macpherson: Well, yes, the government sales have been strong, and a lot of that has been pandemic as governments try to find product to support their communities during this time. And so that's a lot of state government business. Military has been okay as well for federal. But certainly, state governments have been very, very busy as each of them has tried to fight the pandemic, and we've been there trying to help as much as possible.
Donald Macpherson: Well, I think we're definitely going to talk about that in January with our results, like I said before. Right now, and as we head into the winter, given what we're seeing with case counts, we expect pandemic sales to be elevated through the fall and into the winter. That would be our expectation. We will reevaluate as we go forward to really understand what the puts and takes are. But if pandemic sales go down, we think nonpandemic sales will go up because that would mean the pandemic isn't as much of a problem. And again, that helps our gross profit when that happens and probably overall profitability rates. So we don't really know. I think it's impossible to tell what's going to happen with pandemic products. At some point, it will be a headwind, but other things then won't be a headwind, and that's our expectation.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So a lot of the new product adds are third party, some are through the Grainger supply chain. Third-party items tend to be lower SG&A and slightly lower margin -- gross margin. But most of the time, we're working with high-quality companies that have very good fulfillment capabilities. And so that's one of our important sorts as we develop partners that actually add to our assortment. So it's really no difference in how we report it, but it is going to be a bigger factor for us going forward. We're going to continue to add third-party shippers, and that's a big part of what we're doing.
Donald Macpherson: All right. So this is D.G. So thanks, everyone, for joining us. Really appreciate it. We feel good about our results in the quarter. We feel really good about our forward prospects. Obviously, there's a ton of uncertainty in terms of how the market is going to evolve. And probably more than anybody, we'd like for the pandemic to be behind us, but we know it's not. And so we're going to make sure we continue to support our customers through this. That's the first and most important thing we're going to do. And we're going to make sure we take care of our team members, and we're going to make sure we do things that are prudent, both for the current performance of the business but for long term. And we feel like we're taking the right actions and in really good position to succeed both during the pandemic and beyond. So thanks for joining us today, and hope you all stay safe.
Thomas Okray: Yes, sure. Thanks, Chris. First of all, there was a little bit that was win dated just with the Fabory divestiture, and that takes the $60 million down to about $40 million. But then we just had real good efficiency across the board. Everything from travel and entertainment, professional services, cleaning supply, security, just a real good focus by the team in terms of efficiency and cost control. And one of the great things with the pandemic is we've always been cost conscious, but I think we've really upped our game. And I think it's going to continue going forward where we're really in this mode of operating this way. So just to summarize, really good cost control across the board while continuing to spend in advertising and technology, which are important for us.
Thomas Okray: Yes. And just to add a little bit more color on inventory and cash. One of the things that we've been very efficient on is our management of cash, and you've seen that in this quarter. More specifically, our cash conversion cycle, our DSO is actually down year-over-year a couple of days. And our DPO is actually favorable by more than a few days, which has allowed us to keep an overall cash conversion cycle that is very healthy versus last year and invest in the inventory. So we can play our role as an essential business and support the customers the way we need to. So you're right. Inventory is up since the beginning of the year, 8% at $1.78 billion. We've invested in working capital. It's up $220 million. And we did put pandemic inventory spend in the quarter of approximately $300 million. And as D.G. said, I mean, you're not going to bat 1,000 on all of that. So we go through the normal E&O process. And I guess the way I would describe it is we're very aggressive operationally, but very conservative financially. So doing the right thing to reserve. So thanks for the question.
Thomas Okray: Yes. It's a good question. We really don't look at incremental margins specifically on the endless assortment business just because the supply chain is so intertwined in the synergies with the broader business. So we really look at the business as the incremental margin for the overall entity.
Thomas Okray: Yes. I think the way to look at it, Deane, is we said the pandemic impact is 140 basis points for this quarter, and the cost other is 80 basis point unfavorable bad guy, and we had the onetime freight of 60. So if you remove the 60 from the 140 and the 80, you get to 220. Now we think that the pandemic will likely improve. Obviously, it's very volatile. Say you get roughly a 20% improvement on your cost inflation as well as your pandemic, that gets you to around 200-ish. And then you throw in the freight headwinds that we think we might experience at the end of the year, as D.G. discussed, with the surcharges, and that gets you above 200.
Thomas Okray: I think another way to look at it is our absolute gross margin should be very similar to Q3. And then when you just look at the comparison to prior year, it's going to bump it over 200. So that's the other way I would look at it.
Thomas Okray: Yes. I think the only thing that I would say, and then, D.G., please add, is we're probably seeing more B2C customers than B2B customers in the pandemic. But other than that, nothing out of the ordinary.
Thomas Okray: It's playing into it a little bit. As we said on the previous question, we've been very aggressively operationally from an inventory perspective because it's the right thing to do, and we want to have the product available for our customers. But on the other hand, we've been conservative financially. So part of the gross margin deterioration that you've seen in Q3 is an E&O headwind, cleaning up some of the buys that didn't exactly thread the needle. So we've tried to do most of that in Q3. We'll see a little bit in Q4 as well. And then we believe that that's going to be behind us going into 2021, we'll have the right product to serve our customer. And then if anything, we'll have a tailwind as we unwind some of those reserves when the products that we have reserved potentially will be available for sale.
Thomas Okray: Yes. I'm sorry, the only thing that I would reinforce is, as D.G. said, we're always going to be about SG&A efficiency and control, and we'll handle that. The upside that I see which D.G. mentioned is we're going to see the gross margin pop from as the pandemic goes down. And also, I think on the sales front, as the broader economy opens up, we're going to be well positioned to ride that wave as well. And I would have to imagine, obviously it's speculation, that there's going to be a lot of PP&E product that's going to come into those businesses opening up as well. So I see it more as a tailwind than any sort of a headwind.
Thomas Okray: Fourth quarter, Dave. The way I'm looking at it is just simple math. If you look at Q3, 160 bad guy on gross margin with a 60 bps of onetime freight. So if you just take the 60 bps up, that gets you to 220. Now we assume the pandemic is going to get better as is cost inflation, so bring that down to 200 or a little bit below. But then going back to the freight surcharges we see during the holiday season, that will get us back above 200, which is the framework that we talked about in the prepared remarks for Q4. Now having said that, I mean, it's very fluid. It's hard to predict. But we're just trying to give you guys some framework for your model.
Thomas Okray: Yes. We'll have a lot more to say about that going forward. I think, though, just to give you a couple of things to think about. One would be how long is the pandemic going to last? Because obviously, the longer the pandemic lasts, the more we're going to be depressed with pandemic-related mix and the type of customers we're selling to. So that's number one. Number two, we should see a natural tailwind in terms of we will have fully lapped the tariff-related cost inflation as well as we'll probably see less spikes in terms of cost inflation related to the pandemic product. So those are the 2 big ones to think about, and both of them should be tailwinds for 2021. But again, it's premature to talk in detail. We'll have plenty of time for that later.
Thomas Okray: Yes. I don't think there's going to be any big catch-up. I mean, if you -- even if you look at, we spent roughly $60 million in the quarter, which was similar to last year. When the pandemic first hit, we tightened our belts a little bit and deferred some things. But given the confidence that we've had in the cash generation, we're back to normal spend levels. So I don't see any big wave coming in future years that would be anything out of the ordinary.
Thomas Okray: Yes. The only thing I would add, Patrick, is the accounting difference is whether you're an agent or not when you're doing third party, but that's a minor nuance. So thanks for the question.
Deane Dray: I was hoping we get some color on the -- additional color on the gross margin guidance for the fourth quarter down 200 bps. Is there any way you can parse out what the pandemic sales would be versus non pandemic sales? We're just trying to get a sense of what the core gross margin trajectory might be.
Deane Dray: That's real helpful. And then I was hoping to get some additional color on the October sales. Just to the extent that you can, anything that you think would be helpful regarding geographic, customer sizes, anything else about the mix, that would be a big help here.
Deane Dray: Got it. And just lastly, an observation. I've certainly heard the Grainger spot adds on business radio pretty frequently in the brand building. So I guess pretty effective.
