D.G. Macpherson: Thank you, Dee. I am very proud of the way our team continues to show up and support our customers. Our capabilities and deep understanding of our customers’ operation positions us well in the back half of the year and into the future. When we stay focused on the things that matter, helping our customers find the right products and solutions, providing exceptional service and investing in our supply chain and digital capabilities, we will continue to grow and gain share through any cycle. With that, we will open the line up for questions.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, Tommy, I’ll take that. Yes. So if you think about the vertical industry mix that Zoro serves, some of the fastest-growing segments in the Grainger model, the High-Touch model would be government healthcare, some manufacturing like aerospace, Zoro does not participate in those really at all. And then the other trend we’re seeing is Zoro is sort of small businesses a lot more than Grainger does. And those customers appear to be a little softer than the larger customers that we serve. So those two factors have a significant impact. Zoro did increase the repeat rate in the quarter, but they have some work to do to continue to increase the repeat rate. So we’re working hard to do that. But the segment mix is a pretty big impact on Zoro right now.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So we break ground in a couple of weeks, and like we said, 2025 is when the building will be fully up. And so that’s the time frame on it. What I would say is that we have been serving the Northwest out of our branches and out of a very small distribution center in Seattle, and we have outgrown that pretty substantially. And we’ve also been serving out of Patterson, California. So putting the building up in the Northwest allows us to have more SKUs in market, better service. It also allows us to lower transportation costs because we have much shorter routes from that building to our customers in Seattle, Portland throughout the Northwest. So it’s basically just a normal course of action where we evaluate our footprint and continue to expand where it makes sense.
D.G. Macpherson: The other thing I would add to that, Dave, is that the transportation cost can fluctuate. The supply chain efficiencies, we are for all intents and purposes at this point back to where we were before the pandemic. Those should stay right. Those won’t reverse. That was all pandemic-driven in terms of all the efficiencies we had in the system. So, that should stay. Should that – those pieces of it should stay stable.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So, I appreciate the question, Chris. I think similar to sort of gross margin outlook, we want to see probably a few more quarters of performance to understand how this plays out. The MonotaRO business in Japan has continued to perform pretty well and not obvious that they are going to be in a different place they have historically going forward at this point. And we do think that some of the Zoro’s issues are fairly temporary as they unwind some consumer business and some other B2B business that – changes that are going on. So, not really ready to talk about sort of changing the outlook in the future, but certainly, we will consider that as the year goes on.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. And we talked about this at the beginning of the year, Jake. I think that almost all of the inflation we are going to see this year is wrapped from last year. And so we are seeing puts and takes, ups and downs with suppliers. But in general, there is just not a lot of additional inflation coming in from our suppliers.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean – so what I would say is we generally have two premises when we think about inventory levels. The first one is to stock see service levels. So, based on the velocity of items, we have set targets for the service we want to provide on those items that is competitively advantaged. And we basically stock to that. The other is we look at wasteful inventory, inventory that isn’t productive and make sure to manage that down. I don’t think we are necessarily in a new world. We still have some elongated supplier lead times now. Those have mostly come down. And as those continue to come down, I suspect we can be mostly back to where we were historically from an inventory perspective to revenue.
D.G. Macpherson: Alright. Thanks for joining the call today. What I would say is the year is playing out pretty much as we expected. We talked a lot about price/cost. It’s actually played out almost exactly like we expected at the beginning of the year. So, there are really no surprises generally in the market at this point. We continue to feel good about our performance, our share gain, our profitability and feel like we are well positioned to have a really strong second half relative to the market. And so we are going to continue to work on that. And I just appreciate you being on the call, and we look forward to seeing you and talking to you down the line. Thanks so much.
Dee Merriwether: So thanks for the question. I think if you kind of focus on the guide and then kind of look at what that implies for us, we’re expecting GP to decline slightly mostly due to the High-Touch impact and what we have been stating pretty much all year that we started at the beginning of the year related to the unwind of price/cost. If you recall, last year, we took price as we continue to say price and cost continue to be somewhat lumpy. We can’t time those things exactly right. And so we’re going to see higher costs sequentially as we go through the year and a little slightly lower price. So we expect GP to decline a bit in the second half.
Dee Merriwether: So you’re exactly right. And what I would say is we’ve done really well through this period of cost inflation and our ability to price to the market and price well. As I stated last quarter, things still remain fluid. And while we’re gaining some supply chain efficiencies as we would expect as well as diesel fuel and things like that coming down from some highs, I’m still looking to have a couple more quarters here. And we will definitely take a look at our outlook here in the future and provide an update.
Dee Merriwether: Yes, I do think that’s the right way to look – to think about it. So we are getting some tailwinds that we have this year specifically related to supply chain and freight efficiencies, which are somewhat significant. And those can flip on us at any time. But right now, we feel like we’re in line with where diesel fuel is as well as we’ve gotten some benefits from those friction costs that we talked about, D.G. just mentioned this, talking about transportation costs and extra legs of transportation that we had over the prior years. We’re fairly normalized in those areas, getting close to pre-pandemic levels as it relates to that. We did have in the quarter some one-time favorability, about 40 basis points related to that one-time rebate. And we are seeing as we kind of talked about price/cost in the quarter turned slightly negative, which we expect to continue. So, those are some of the puts and takes as it relates, but again, our target 40-ish 2025, we are not changing at this point in time. But I do feel very good about the stability of High-Touch margins in that range.
Dee Merriwether: Well, again, the U.S. team works really hard to remain price competitive. That’s our other tenet that gets us to price/cost neutrality and are always looking for opportunities to the price and optimize price with our customers over time. So, I would say that’s the biggest opportunity we have related to price in the future is ensuring that we are optimizing and each of our customer segments have the appropriate price for the goods and services that we are providing them. But remaining price/cost competitive is the key tenet here that really buoys our growth – our volume growth over the cycle.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. So, price/cost in this quarter when you adjust for the one-time supplier rebate was slightly negative. And as we started the year, we provided an outlook that as the year continues to flow that we would become price/cost negative because we had favorable price last year. And costs did not come in as we had expected because we had the opportunity to continue to work with our supply base on the cost inflation, which is now coming this year. So, that is why price/cost will become more negative as we go into the second half of this year.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. So, I wouldn’t over-pivot on the one-time adjustment. It was related to the prior period. It’s not something that we would expect to continue. And I would say the other thing I would add, if you look at our price/cost over a longer period, maybe a 2-year period, we do not expect it to be negative. That’s how we end up hitting our target of price/cost neutrality over time. So, I would not read into that some of the impacts that we are going to have in the second half of this year are expected to continue any longer than that period.
Dee Merriwether: We are working with our supplier base and get back to some of our normal inflation cadence that was not so normal during the pandemic. So, as it relates to this year, I think we have a good handle on what we believe our cost inflation will be, and we have embedded that in our guide. And of course, later in the year, we will start working with them on what 2024 looks like.
Dee Merriwether: So, I will start. We have made some pricing changes earlier in the year. We don’t see in the U.S. the need to make any significant pricing adjustments for the balance of the year, but the pricing team is always in the market looking at price and making sure that we are competitively priced. The Zoro business, I would say, from a gross margin perspective operates a little bit differently and are targeting a different customer segment as D.G. alluded to. And they also have their own pricing algorithm and pricing team that is focused on remaining competitive with the customers that they are serving and have taken actions to price their products in line with the inflation that that’s been passed on to them.
Dee Merriwether: No. Really, the operating cash outlook is really due to the top line improvement at High-Touch that’s really flowed through. And as a result of that, we took the opportunity to update the operating cash flow guide about $75 million at the midpoint.
