D. G. Macpherson: Thank you, Irene. Good morning, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. So we had another solid quarter. Demand remained very strong in the third quarter and we are continuing to gain share. In the US, as we lapped our August 2017 pricing changes, we are encouraged with our volume growth of 8%, which significantly outpaced the market. We are continuing to see that our value proposition resonates with both large and midsize customers now that we have removed pricing as a barrier. We continue to grow faster in more profitable parts of the business, notably with our midsize customers. In addition, gross margin when normalized for the revenue recognition accounting change, and operating margin, were both favorable to prior year. In Canada, the execution of our turnaround continues to make progress and is on schedule. We still expect to exit the year at a profitable run rate. Our single channel online businesses, namely, MonotaRO and Zoro, had strong growth and profitability. We recorded a non-cash impairment for Cromwell in the UK, reflecting slower growth than planned at acquisition. The overall international businesses are profitable with the exception of the impairment.  We believe that our current exposure to tariffs is well understood and effectively managed. Tom will address tariffs later in the presentation. I would also mention two other things. One, we had a very strong customer satisfaction rating in the US this quarter, actually the strongest we’ve seen under the current methodology. And also with Hurricane Michael making landfall last week, I want to note that all of our people are safe and our team members are doing a great job responding to the event as they always do. With that, let’s take a look at our results. Third quarter 2018 reported results contained restructuring charges of $142 million and a $2.37 impact to EPS. In the quarter, we took a non-cash impairment of $139 million related to our Cromwell business. In 2015, we described to you the expected benefits of the acquisition, based on the strength of the core Cromwell business, the ability to build the online model off of that core and the potential in the UK market. Many of these benefits still exist. However, a few things have changed since the decision. First, Brexit occurred within a year of acquisition and the market slumped. And the uncertainty surrounding Brexit as it gets closer to being executed forces us to take our growth projections lower. Second, the cost of capital is higher now. These two structural issues explain the majority of reduction in valuation. In addition, our strategy included building an online model with the Cromwell name. In reality, this approach created customer conflict with the core business. We adjusted our approach and re-launched the online model under the Zoro name about a year ago. The opportunity with Zoro is large and compelling with very strong early signals in the market. But the late start of Zoro and the lower growth rate given market conditions impacted current valuation. While it’s still early days, we do believe the UK is an attractive place for Grainger to play. This morning's call will focus on adjusted results which exclude the items outlined in our press release. Total company sales in the quarter were up 7%, that included 7% in volume, 1% in price and a headwind due to foreign exchange and hurricane comparisons of 1%. This is the first quarter in 2018 with a foreign exchange headwind. Normalizing for foreign exchange and hurricanes, our sales increased over 8%. Our normalized GP rate was flat to the prior year after adjusting for the revenue recognition accounting change which we discussed earlier. We continue to realize operating expense leverage on higher volume. This all lead to operating earnings growth of 15% in the quarter and an operating margin that was 80 basis points higher than the prior year. Now, I’ll turn it over to Tom for additional detail, including our segment results.
D. G. Macpherson: Thanks, Tom. So, overall, we’re very pleased with our continued strong momentum. We know that we’ve a compelling value proposition, and the team members are energized and focused on creating value for our customers.  After lapping the price increases, the US continued to gain share at attractive margins. The turnaround in Canada is on track. We’re now focused on profitable growth off of the business model reset. Our online model continues to show very strong profitable growth and our narrowed international portfolio continues to improve profitability.  With that, I will open it up for any questions.
D. G. Macpherson: So, Ryan, we are working through all that. We will provide details in January as we announce earnings. Obviously there’s a couple of things that are pretty exciting. One is customer mix is a positive right now, so midsize customer -- non-contract customer is growing faster than large contract that will be a benefit. We have to work through the specifics of the tariffs, but we feel like we're on top of that. Our goal is to be as close to flat as we can be and we think we have got the right process in place to get the best outcome.
D. G. Macpherson: Our goal is always the same. We want to be competitively priced and we want to get the best cost we can. Our expectation is that we will be able to pass through the price or find alternative sources to mitigate the impact of the tariff. And again in January we will talk about where we think we land on that, we’ll look then.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, I would also point to Canada, as a big offset to that we've taken about $85 million out of the cost structure in Canada. And those two those actions are behind us as we had another benefit in the quarter there.
D. G. Macpherson: I mean that -- the online model continues to grow very quickly and it starts with a lower GP, and that has a big impact.
D. G. Macpherson: And then the second part of your question was around inventory revaluation, we do not believe we’ll have any concerns there. And as a reminder we’re on LIFO, I think we shouldn’t really -- we shouldn’t have a problem in any case.
D. G. Macpherson: So we -- our team is looking very closely at pretty much SKU-by-SKU level and like all sourcing decisions we look at the quality of the product, we look at the cost of the product depending on how the tariff plays out. We have alternative sources already in many places, and we may have to find some additional ones. But we just look at the total economics, total landing cost and pick the one that’s got the best cost for the business. Much of our ships could -- if it’s China, if it’s shifted it could go either to India, to Mexico or the US depending on the nature of the product. The other thing I would say is, as we're going through this, we have a fairly refined should cost approach looking at what the product cost should be. We understand what portion of the cost should be related to tariff and so we are able to work with suppliers to make sure that we are actually taking the right cost increase and that’s a big focus for us.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, it depends. If we have an alternative source, it’s actually pretty quickly. We don’t -- at this point we don't feel like we're in a position where we are going to have any disruption and we feel like we are on top of this. So, we don’t -- are not concerned about being able to make any changes we need to make.
D. G. Macpherson: And we'll talk in January about the specifics for what our volume expectations are for next year. We do expect volume to stabilize over the next several quarters into next year. And we expect next year to be more of a stabilization period. I would note a couple of things. One is that the branch closures, which are mostly behind us, there's still some to come, have an impact on revenue. It also has a positive impact on profitability. We have reorganized our sales team and coverage is now stable. And we're now talking to customers and trying to drive growth. And I think that will help us stabilize over the next year. So we feel -- I would say in general, it's hard to look at numbers that are down that much. And it's hard for the team. But this is what we expected. And I think the team has doing a great job of managing through that. And we're in a good position now to really create value for customers, improve service, and improve the conversations we're having. So, we're optimistic about stabilizing and being able to grow.
D. G. Macpherson: So, what I would say is that the cross-functional team we have has people from our sourcing, from our product management teams, people from our pricing teams and including our commercial teams, all working together to make sure that we make the right decisions. I won't go into specifics about that. But in general, like I said before, we're really focused on making sure we get the right cost from our suppliers and have a competitive price. And so, that's really our fundamental principle in driving the results here.
D. G. Macpherson: I don't know that we want to go through the details of which ones aren't covered and are covered. But what we've seen is that the way 301 is written, there are a number of product categories that aren’t exactly -- that aren't included in this. And so, roughly half of what we have coming from China is really in that bucket today.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. So, what we do when we look at hurricane impact is we look at two things. We look at run rate business in the market that the hurricane hits and we look at hurricane product sales in the markets that it hits. Last year, Harvey obviously had a huge impact on the Houston market which lasted for a long time. And then Irma hit Florida. Those two combined had a lot more hurricane sales offsetting the business slowdown. In fact, the Florida business slowdown was very fast. There wasn't' much of it. And this year, Florence did not have as much impact. It still had a significant impact on that market. But given it didn't hit in as highly populated area as Houston, the impact was a little bit less this year.
D. G. Macpherson: I'll turn it over to Tom in a minute. Most of that $142 million was the Cromwell impairment. And that was $139 million of it. The rest were small in general. And most of the big changes in both Canada and the US are mostly behind us. So, maybe Tom can talk about.
D. G. Macpherson: So, the vast majority of what we've done by the end of the year, we'll get 95% done by the end of the year. The contracts that aren't done are customer choices and/or implementation slowdowns depending on what we're talking about, and particularly, some government customers. But in general, we'll be mostly done. And we'll be talking about very small impacts going forward.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, so I would talk about a couple things, Evelyn. Thanks for the question. So, one is remember, the third quarter, we made the change last year, August 1st. So, part of the quarter was actually not under the new pricing. I would say we continue to be very encouraged and surprised by what we're seeing post-lapping the price changes in terms of midsize customer growth. Our models do not have us growing 30% forever, as you might guess. So we’ve talked about moderating, we think it's going to be moderating to a very strong growth rate. And we only had 10 weeks after lapping the prices to really understand it. But I would say we are encouraged by what we're seeing. And we'll be more definitive at the end of the year, as we talk through it. But I'd say all signs are very, very positive on midsize customers right now.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. So, first of all, we don't know how that will be implemented or if it will be implemented. So, like all these things, we are watching it very closely. But we don't have an opinion yet as to how that will play through. I would say, in general, obviously the tariffs are simply inflationary. And I think you see what the inflation is roughly based on the math we've seen so far. We think in the short-term, we would be able to navigate this no matter what happens. We think relative to competitors, we might be in a better position. The long-term impacts, we could all sort of argue about over time. But certainly, in the short-term, we feel like we're on it and we know what we need to do depending on what happens.
D. G. Macpherson: We don't typically talk about that specifically. And we'll take the question and think about whether at the end of the year we talk about it or not. But thanks. It's a great question, but we haven't typically laid that out.
D. G. Macpherson: And I would say we're tracking toward the high end of all the dimensions that we laid out. So, obviously, we hope to beat them. But we're really tracking to the high end.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. So, we haven't really seen anything that suggests that we cannot continue to gain share and continue to grow. And like I said before, we're really encouraged by post-pricing changes, what we see in our large customer volume grew consistent with what had been growing before post-price change, and our midsize customer continues to grow. So, we would expect to be north of -- certainly north of 5, if that's your question. And we expect to have strong revenue results going forward in the US.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. I think the confusion there would be two-thirds would be on a revenue basis. And given the GP on a COGS basis, it's roughly the math as you see it. So, that's the difference there.
D. G. Macpherson: So, private brands, we have a whole bunch of products that we buy in China that are private branded. In many cases, we already have alternative sources that are identified. And so, what we're referring to is if we have an alternative source, depending on how the math works with the tariffs, we may be looking to switch that. We may not be if the cost is still better in China post the increase. And so, the way we think about this -- some of it's risk mitigation. If we are buying something uniquely in China, we have to have an alternative source and we will have it. If we're buying something that's only produced in China, and there are some products like that, then obviously we don't have alternative source. We can go find them and that's going to be more work.
D. G. Macpherson: I would say that pretty much all things US, revenue margin, all of it was positive in the quarter relative to our expectations. And of course, there was more uncertainty going in because of the price lap. And pretty much at every turn, it would actually be what we expected to happen.
D. G. Macpherson: I would also say that the other element is customer mix was positive in the quarter which helps price. And we talked about spot buys; spot buys increasing helps as well with large contract customers as we're not selling as much deeply discounted items. So, yes.
D. G. Macpherson: Boy, I think it's the second quarter that that's started to read through. But I don't -- don’t hold me to that, but I believe that's true.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. We won't talk about specifics. I would say we have a very tried and true process that we use to work through any changes with customers. And our commercial team does a great job of navigating with our customers to get the best outcome for both of us.
D. G. Macpherson: So, given what we know now, there would not be a big lag. We think it would be -- given what we expect in terms of the 10 going to 25, we think we'll be roughly coincident, close enough.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. We are. So, we will, by the end of this year, have 30 -- 31 branches -- 35 branches opened in Canada. Most of them have already been closed. We closed seven in the quarter in Canada. And really, the rest is virtually nothing. The branch count is stable pretty much everywhere else.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. Keep in mind, yes, so, typically, they're smaller branches and not necessarily as valuable as the US branches in terms of sales.
D. G. Macpherson: We talked about that before. By the end of the year, we'll be 95% done, so mostly. The rest will be small. And that's almost all customer choice.
D. G. Macpherson: So, no. What we talked about is price cost spread and are we able to get -- are we able to mitigate COGS increases and get the right price for our customers. This year, we had talked about being down half a percent. We still expect to be roughly there. That's mostly because of the initiatives we've done to manage our costs, to understand supplier cost and improve our cost structure. But otherwise, we would actually be in an inflation mode this year of 1% to 2%, probably.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. Well, this one is a lot more, I would say, intense in the sense that we've completely reset the business. We've combined the back office with the US and created North American centers of excellence. We've gone from 170 to 35 branches. We've completely restructured the sales organization. And all of that basically means we've taken about $85 million in cost out of the business. And we're now going to start growing that business. We're adding some of the US assortment to that business, the ability to buy out of the US. We're really focused on expanding -- diversifying the customer base throughout the business. And all those things I think will mean it feels very, very different and allows us to be much more consistent in the growth we see and the performance we see out of that business going forward.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. You should expect that we remain positive going forward. A lot of what you're going to see in the fourth quarter, it will be the first time that you see really clean look at the cost structure as well. So, it's not just price and volume stabilization. It's also the cost structure getting to the new level.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. We'll come back and talk to you about that in January, specifically. But our expectation is that midsize customers will be growing faster than the rest of the business. And that will help us. That'll be a positive.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes. So, we've been running to a cost program that we talked about last year. We had been meeting or exceeding those expectations. We are in a good position now to make sure we improve our cost structure in 2019. And it comes across the entirety of the business. A lot of it actually comes from changes we have made recently, whether it's centralizing contact centers or going to the centers of excellence at AGI. All that flows through the P&L next year. I would also say that there's still great opportunity to improve the core big cost buckets in the US, whether that's getting more revenue per seller in the US, whether that's getting more lines per hour in the distribution centers. We're going to have the Louisville distribution center up and running next year. More of our volume will then be going through automation which will help the cost structure. And we continue to get comfortable with the contact center footprint we have and getting more effective, more efficient there. So, the big cost buckets, we see a path to continue to improve the cost structure. We think that's going to continue in the future.
D. G. Macpherson: So, thanks for joining us today. I would just make a few points coming out of the call. Thanks for your questions. The first one is in the US, there was a lot of uncertainty going into the quarter about what happened when we lapped the prices. That actually has been very positive. Almost every metric we have in the US is looking positive in terms of our growth, our GP, our expenses, our customer acquisition. So, we're really excited about what we saw in the quarter from the United States. Canada turnaround continues to go well. It's very challenging, but we are in a good position now based on the new cost structure to drive growth and to be profitable going forward in Canada. The online model continues to grow and to grow at attractive rates. So, we're very positive there. And then the international business which is much narrowed is in a good position to continue to drive margins. So, we feel really good about where we're at as a company and where we're heading. And I really appreciate the time. So, thanks for being on the call.
Tom Okray: Yes, I mean as we said in our prepared remarks, the big impact that we had in terms of operating leverage was the true-up. We do this on a quarterly basis. And as our results for the year are very strong, we had to put a disproportionate amount in Q3 and Q4. Obviously throughout the year, point to wash out, if you normalized for that, we're going to see tremendous operating leverage with sales growing approximately twice the rate of operating expenses.
Tom Okray: Well, so the offset is, just we continued cost out productivity that we've been doing for the past several quarters.
Tom Okray: The other businesses’ gross margin is down slightly. You also have just the algebraic dynamic of their lower margin -- gross margin overall, and they’re growing at a faster rate.
Tom Okray: Let me take the first part of the question first. What I pointed to is taking a look at the sequential. Throughout the year, our gross margin typically declined. And if you look at how we’re performing this year, it’s a much less of a decline than we have had in previous years. So we’re very happy with what’s happening with gross margin. One other thing that I would point out is FX was a headwind this quarter. It’s been a tailwind the previous two quarters. The dollar is getting stronger versus the Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso.
Tom Okray: Yes, I mean we’re -- well first of all we’re certainly going line-by-line. We just simplified it for presentation sake. And as we noted in our prepared remarks, we think it’s well understood and very manageable.
Tom Okray: Yes, exactly. Taking out the Cromwell, there's some small severance items in our integration favoring North America wind down in the US. And then there's some residual branch closure costs and severance costs in Canada which is quite small and coming to an end.
Tom Okray: Yes. It's a good question. I just want to make it clear that we've raised guidance twice this year. And we're tracking toward the high end of that range. We're very encouraged by our performance. And I'd be disappointed if we don't beat guidance this year. With respect to your question on the other elements other than EPS, the same holds true. We're tracking toward the high end of the range.
Tom Okray: It's really a transition in practice. We want to get out of the business of giving quarterly guidance and giving a range and working toward a midpoint. Going forward, for next year, we'd like to give guidance once a year and then quite frankly not talk about it the rest of the year, talk more about the results we're putting on the board.
Tom Okray: Yes. Sure. I mean the way we look at the pricing is how much is commodity, vendor-related, end market levers, and then how much is related to the price reset. I mean what we've seen is the decreases associated with the price reset has slowed considerably, as you would expect, as we work through the contracts. And we've been very consistent and actually improving in terms of the price we've been able to pass on related to tariffs and other market base.
