Donald Macpherson: Thank you, Dee. Grainger continues to build deep trust with our customers as we partner with them to fulfill their MRO needs. While we expect the market in 2024 to be more muted, the Grainger team will continue to focus on what matters advancing our growth drivers to improve the customer experience and providing the exceptional service we are known for. When we live our principles, we can be successful in the man of the cycle. I have full confidence that we will deliver strong results again this year.  With that, we will open up the line for questions.
Donald Macpherson: You've tracked that. I think you tracked that correctly. The only other thing I would add is that when we -- during the Investor Day when we said 40%, I think we probably knew that there was -- the supply chain efficiencies is a big bucket. We probably knew that there was a lot of inefficiency. I think we probably maybe have been surprised at how much in efficiency and as we've gotten back to normal, that's been a big a big tailwind for us. And so we probably -- if we had known, it was just difficult to see all that. We probably would have had a higher number of back then as well.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. And I appreciate the question. In terms of returning to near normal service, I would say everything that we directly control is back to normal in terms of our own internal cycle times transportation is back to normal. There's still some elongated supplier lead times, which is the reason we're still probably a little shy of where we were. But from a competitive standpoint, that's all that really matters is a competitive standpoint, we're doing quite well. In terms of the investments we're making, we're filling in gaps where we've grown to the point where having buildings in those locations make sense. And they make sense not only to improve service, but to improve cost in some perspective. So if you think about the Northwest. Most of our product today comes out of California has to clear the mountains and get in there and that's a long haul. We now have enough volume to be able to improve the service dramatically in the Northwest and actually lower transportation cost pretty substantially. So we look at all those factors, service and cost and when we make these decisions, but we're very confident in what we've outlined and announced so far that those are the right things to do for the health of the business.
Donald Macpherson: I mean I'll start and Dee, if you want to add in, you can. I think the thing to note is that we tend to look at productivity from a core productivity standpoint. So distribution centers, contact centers, seller productivity, all those levers. And we really see opportunity across the business. And I think we're going to see really nice core productivity this year. The headwinds are more around the growth investments, which we think are absolutely the right thing to do, they're high return growth investments. But we are spending more money in marketing and we're investing in the sales force. And so those things make it -- the headline number looked a little more challenging. And it's a time in place when we are investing in those things and believe that's the right thing to do. But we're going to continue to get core productivity. It's an evergreen initiative for us to look everywhere in the business. And I think we've got a whole bunch of things teed up to improve the productivity of the core business.
Donald Macpherson: It's a mix. It's a mix. And I think it just practically, if you thought about it, we're a lot bigger than 2019. There was almost no way to actually build buildings productively during the pandemic, you couldn't get things going. And so we were a little bit behind. We talked about that in 2022. So a part of it is catch-up but a part of it is planning for the future growth as well. And I would say the square footage isn't exactly capacity because the bulk warehouse portion of those is lower cost and doesn't quite give you as much capacity as does the other buildings, but certainly, Houston and Portland are added capacity similar to the other capacity of the number.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean first and foremost, I would reiterate that we are an organic growth company, and that's where we are focused on most of our energy. We get a lot of looks at things and opportunities. I would say that we get 2 types of looks of the distributors, which probably haven't been as interesting to us. And then there are some potential technology investments and things that might be more interesting to us. So we continue to look at a wide range of opportunities in areas that we think are really important to the success of the business, particularly some specific domains that we think we need to be really good at going forward, and we might invest in those areas. But as I said, we are primarily an organic growth company at this point.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So without getting overly detailed, I would say that the demand generation investments are typically SG&A investments, so marketing and seller ads or SG&A investments. Whereas a lot of the capacity investments we're making in productivity investments or AI investments or technology investments, most of this showing capital, some shows up in expense for sure. But if you think about -- when we talk about spending $450 million, $550 million in capital, the vast majority of that comes from supply chain investments and capacity increases and in technology. And so I would think of it in those terms. And technology is building capabilities and advantage in information assets and supporting the growth initiatives in the core business as well versus marketing to our more direct spend that go into demand generation.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. And the other thing I'd add to that is that both in marketing and seller coverage, we are very well measured. So we are -- everything is tested. We don't make the investments lightly. We know exactly what returns are getting. So if they're a positive return, we will make them even if in the year, they might slow down our SG&A leverage because it is the right thing to do for the overall profitability of the business.
Donald Macpherson: Yes, sure. So I can take the -- I mean, I can try to take both of them. I guess the first one I think there were 2 factors that made January slow start. One was that most of the schools were shut, which show some activity in the first week of January, which last year, schools opened in midweek. And we noticed that and we noticed that in some of the schools we serve as well as just the broader economy. And then obviously, the cold weather week. What I would say is that the last 2 weeks of January were very normal for us. And so while there was some slowness, it wasn't -- in the course of the quarter, it will be very, very small in terms of the impact, but noticeable in a month, of course, because it's many weeks, but it's not huge in the grand scheme of things, it's just noise. And so we don't -- we won't focus too much on that.  I think any forecast for the MRO market any year, I think you could argue could be risk to the upside or downside, I don't know. This is our current forecast, and we have economists internally and external that we look at, and this is the forecast they have right now. So that's what we're going with. But that too will always change and it will never be right until we know that. So again, we want to over-index on the forecast.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So I think what I would say there is that, obviously, as the B2C and B2C like volume shrinks, it becomes less of an impact on the rest of the business and our business customer activity has actually been reasonably healthy through the entire quarter. We do expect some of the decline to be less impactful in the back half of the year. So we should have less drag in the back half of the year than we have in the first half of the year from the decline B2C lifeline.
Donald Macpherson: So on the Red Sea, we don't have much volume going through that -- those lanes. Most of our shipping volume comes out of Asia through to the West Coast and then as railed to our network. And so that has not been impacted. So we've really seen nothing there. Could you repeat the second half of your question? .
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean much of our freight, most of our freight actually goes into our gross profit line, but we -- our forecasts haven't changed much given the activity we've seen, given the lines we're in. Certainly, things like fuel increases can have an impact and who knows how that's going to play out. But right now, we're actually still in a favorable position relative to a year ago -- certainly on ocean freight at this point. So we expect that to continue through the first part of the year, and then we'll see what happens.
Donald Macpherson: Yes, it's probably more of a 25% -- so to be clear, MonotaRO this year, we'll be hitting that already, we think it's low double-digit low teens. So that will be close to that for the year. And then Zoro will start the year lower than that, and we expect them to get a bit better as the year goes along. We probably won't get there by this year, but that would be more in out years, we think that's the target.
Donald Macpherson: Just to add to that, I think the practical reality was that if you think back to 2022, we took a budget price midyear that from a 2023 Q1 to 2022 Q1 comparison made 2023 have very high price increases relative to the year before because we took them in the middle of the year and those -- so it wasn't all taken January 1 last year, but all the inflation run up in 2022 made last year look a little unusual from a first quarter price increase.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I think it was basically neutral. We did have -- you're right, midsize customers did grow faster than the largest customers. Overall, it was not a meaningful impact, as I understand it. Dee and I are in different rooms, so she's sequestered. So we're looking at each other through a camera here.
Donald Macpherson: All right. Sorry, we're a few minutes over. Thanks for joining the call. What I would say is that and we're certainly proud of the results we had in 2023. We are very focused on continuing to drive forward and create value for our customers in 2024 and a lot of that is really the same despite the more muted growth in the market that a lot of that's just a continuation of driving forward the initiatives that matter, both from a growth perspective and a productivity perspective. And we remain very positive about the outlook and our ability to gain share profitably for years to come. So thanks for the time. Hope you all have a great weekend. Take care.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. So some of the offsets we made to the fact that as we go into this year, we're going to have a faster pricing environment. And based upon that, we want to make sure that we're providing a range such that is realistic for us to hit also in a softer volume environment for the overall business. And so those are some of the 2 primary reasons why being officially flat we would expect to be closer to the high end. We've got some tailwinds that will continue to normalize after some of the disruptions that we've had over the past few years, specific to supply chain and mix, and that will help as well.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. So Dave, I will start with the U.S. price that we're focusing on when you think about that outline of flattish, we're expecting price to be between 0% to 1% for the year in the U.S. And on Slide 20, specifically, stable gross margins really is applying to the total company, and you can also apply that to High-Touch in some ways as well.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. The other thing I would point to is just our improvement in return on invested capital. I think that was one of the reasons why that's one of the metrics that we talk about track and are focused on is ensuring that the investments we make, whether they are CapEx investments or SG&A based upon how we calculate ROIC, we are very focused on ensuring that they help us deliver and grow at least not operating margin, operating dollar growth as well for us.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. I mean it was really small. And I think if you go back to -- we forecast -- and it should be no surprise with our price cost outcome will be in Q4. We've been looking at this and talking about it for the last 2 years. If you go back to 2022, we noted that we were going to be significantly price cost positive in that year, and it would unwind in 2023 and it did, and you saw that and experience that in the second half of of 2023. And so a lot of it is timing, as we know we talked about price and cost in our business is very lumpy being north of 70% of our business will contract customers and the timing of those things. And so on a 2-year stack being essentially neutral and exiting this year and start in 2024, the neutral footing, I think was really important.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. We've been fairly consistent for a number of years in our buyback practices generally under the vail of overall capital allocation strategy and we look to be in the market all the time based upon what the price of shares are. We don't try to time the market from a price perspective, but always looking to be into the market buying shares. And so generally, we have pretty stable pace across the year for the share buybacks.
Deidra Merriwether: So this is the -- we've gone from a as you know, over the last year or so a highly cost inflationary environment to something that is much more muted today -- coming down today are much more reasonable or normalized is the term I would use is what we're seeing. I would say, our product management team, utilizes the same sets of strategic and tactical activities with our supply base. We want to remain to be a customer of choice for them. And so we're working to ensure that we continue to have advantage price and advantaged access to products at the best price possible. So things are getting to more normal level for us today.
Deidra Merriwether: No. No. I think your -- Slide 13, you're kind of looking at what we have listed as what we think the market performance has been by quarter.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. And so that difference is really that our price in the quarter was lower than the PMI print in the quarter. And so we were just highlighting for you that if you just look at the volume for IP versus our volume, then our share gain would have been 4.75. So there's a difference in the market price as published today in Q4 versus what we realized from a price perspective. And the comments I was making earlier about timing is that our timing is not always going to be in line with the timing of price in the market. And this quarter was just one example of that. But you also have other examples if you look back over the course of several other quarters as we've outperformed the market. So we try to look at it on a 2-year stack, trying to get to neutral over a longer period of time.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. So no, we always put through price if prices warranted early in the year, but it's more like a seasonality question. So I'll probably respond to it in that way. We do expect a lot of the outlook that we've given for 2024 to be back-end weighted. We talked a little bit about pieces of it, which was sales starting slower, tougher comp. Q1 last year was a very strong year for us, which included a whole lot of price in that quarter with a price outlook of 0 to 1. Of course, our price for this year, the quarter will be more muted versus that. And we expect price to become more favorable throughout the year and for gross margins to be relatively stable versus the outlook that we have given. And so that's what I mean when you talk about kind of sales and price in the first quarter versus the prior year.
Deidra Merriwether: Well, like we've talked a little bit about freight. We'll continue to get freight and supply chain efficiencies and some product mix. But again, it all starts with the fact that we don't expect to have a lot of price in the market this year, just generally so. We expect gross margins to be reasonably consistent from what we talked about all through the year. So that's the basic reason for that muted price.
Deidra Merriwether: So yes. So yes, SG&A is going to deleverage in the first quarter because we're going to continue, as noted, to ramp our investments in marketing and sellers and others and the like. But we do expect leverage will improve as the year progress, flipping to more of a tailwind in the back half of the year for us. And then just if you kind of move down a little bit, we think operating margin in Q1 will be at its lowest point as well and EPS will be flattish year-over-year in the first quarter as well.
Nigel Coe: Sound like suffering. So I feel -- if you repeat yourself here. But just on the seasonality comment, are you saying gross margins much flatter from quarter-to-quarter through the year. Obviously, normally, we see a bit of a seasonal pattern there. So is that the comment? And does that therefore imply that as we go from 4Q to 1Q, we've got a pretty flat Q2Q gross margin structure then. And if it is flattered, I just want to understand why that is. I mean, I get the fact that price is coming through a bit stronger for the year. But any other factors we need to consider? .
Nigel Coe: Got it year-over-year. Okay. Got it. And since some last question, I feel like maybe I can just squeeze one more in, if I can. Just I want to just clarify the customer mix comment from earlier on in the call. I mean, I noticed the medium-sized customers outgrew large customers. So I'd assume that mix would have been positive, but if I'm wrong [indiscernible] now.
Nigel Coe: The customer mix. I assume that maybe customer mix was slightly positive given that medium-sized with large size dynamic. But if I'm wrong there, please let me know.
