Thomas Okray: Thanks D.G. Total Company sales in the quarter were up 3% daily and up 4% daily on a constant currency basis. Sales in the quarter included a negative 0.5% impact from the lapping of a prior-year change in accounting estimate. More specifically, a small group of U.S. customers were transitioned from cash to accrual basis accounting as a result of their improved credit profile. Excluding the change, daily sales were up 4.5% on a constant currency basis. Volume was up 3% and price was up 1.5%. Moving to gross profit, our Q1 gross profit rate was impacted by the timing of our North American sales meeting. Suppliers provide funding for our sales meeting, and this funding benefits gross profit margin. We spread the benefit over three consecutive months beginning in the month of the sales meeting. In 2018, the sales meeting occurred in February, and in 2019 the sales meeting occurred in March. Normalizing for this impact, gross profit margin declined 15 basis points driven primarily by the other businesses. We drove operating earnings growth of 6% in the quarter and operating margin expanded by 80 basis points versus the prior year after normalizing for the timing of the sales meeting. We continued to drive SG&A leverage as a result of our expense management and productivity improvements, including the 2018 cost takeout actions in Canada. Operating cash flow was down 14% primarily due to the payout of 2018 incentive compensation in the first quarter of 2019. Now let's take a look at our performance in the U.S. As D.G. mentioned, the demand environment was a bit weaker than expected. Daily sales were up 3.5% and up 4.5% after normalizing for the prior year change in accounting estimate. Sales growth was comprised of volume growth of 2.5%, price inflation of 1.5% and intercompany sales growth of 0.5%. Our normalized GP rate increased 35 basis points after adjusting for the timing of the sales meeting. Freight was favorable in the quarter versus the prior year due to less reliance on the spot market and better-than-expected spot rates. Favorable mix also contributed to the increase in gross profit margin. Including the contract implementations, price cost spread was neutral in the quarter. Operating margin normalized for the timing of the sales meeting was up 50 basis points. SG&A grew at half the rate of sales and incremental margin for the U.S. business was a strong 31%. In Canada, daily sales were down 24% and down 20% on a constant currency basis. Price was up 4% and volume was down 24%. Gross profit margin was down 125 basis points in the quarter due to a higher E&O write-down, which is tied to our lower volume. SG&A improved by more than 30% in the quarter due to our cost takeout actions in 2018. We stem the losses versus the prior year, and operating margin improved 240 basis points. We expect performance in Canada to continue to improve throughout the year as our top line initiatives begin to take shape. Moving on to other businesses. As a reminder, other businesses include our endless assortment model in our international businesses. Daily sales were up 9.5% in the quarter and up 12% on a constant currency basis on strong revenue from our endless installment model. Gross profit margin declined 190 basis points driven by unfavorable customer mix at Cromwell and freight headwinds in Japan. Operating margin declined 160 basis points for the other businesses. As D.G. mentioned, we are making investments in Zoro U.S. to drive long-term growth. Those investments, plus performance at Cromwell, led to the decline in the operating margin versus the prior year. Slide 13 covers our guidance for the year. We are reiterating our 2019 total Company guidance, which we shared in January. As a reminder, we are not going to update guidance unless we expect to be outside of the range. A few noteworthy comments on guidance for the total Company. On the top line, we expect sales growth to be driven by U.S. share gains of 300 basis points to 400 basis points for the year, and the continued strong growth of our endless assortment businesses. With regard to GP, we did not expect the Q1 U.S. gross profit favorability to repeat. U.S. price cost spread, including the impact of the remaining contract implementations, is still expected to be negative flat for the remainder of the year. From a profitability perspective, we continue to drive expense leverage at the total Company level and are confident in our operating margin guidance for the year. Now, I'll turn it back to D.G. for closing remarks.
Thomas Okray: Yes, nothing really unusual. Corporate expense for the first quarter, anything that's lower is just due to the productivity initiatives that we have in place, but nothing significant that shouldn't repeat throughout the rest of the year.
Thomas Okray: Yes, I don't think our expectation has changed. I would say that as a reminder, we have a very low share of midsize customers. We have about a two share. There's a lot of room to grow. It's still relatively new to us in terms of the initiatives we've got focused on midsize customers. We continue to improve our ability to use marketing to drive new customer acquisition and penetration and our inside sales team continues to learn to get traction, and we're still understanding how to use pricing programs to drive growth. We still believe that we can hit that low double digit number over time and it's just a matter of how fast we can learn and grow.
Thomas Okray: Yes. 1Q was a good base for the entire year. I mean, there's always some lumpiness in terms of corporate expense, but nothing unusual that's happening there.
Thomas Okray: So, let me start with the investments in Zoro. Most of those investments are of the shape that we are giving that business more independence allowing them to add products on their own. They added about 200,000 SKUs in the quarter and there's about 800,000 SKUs in the pipeline. So they're really stepping on the accelerator. Those are significant in terms of the margin drag in the quarter. I would say, for us Cromwell is a bit of a wildcard, given what's going on with that market and what we're seeing. It was significant but we were a little less certain about how that's going to progress as the year plays out given all the uncertainty there. But both were significant, I think notable we continue to invest very heavily in getting Zoro some of the independence it needs to drive growth going forward.
Thomas Okray: I think - to be clear, I think we're only [three] [ph] months into the quarter. We still feel confident in our ability to gain share in the U.S., obviously with the U.S. earnings rate that's the biggest impact on both sales and earnings for the year. And then, the uncertainty around the market growth in the U.S. is a pretty big uncertainty. Obviously if the market bounce back and was significantly higher than two, we feel like we could hit the high end of the range. If it stays at the low end of that, that becomes hard to do.
Thomas Okray: Well, we're always looking to improve Deane and sharpen the pencil wherever we can. So, I appreciate you're noticing that.
Thomas Okray: Yes. I mean, we continue to say we're going to grow SG&A at half while we grow sales, and that's what we're shooting for. We've got a good productivity culture in the company. So that's what we expect to tract to for the remainder of the year.
Thomas Okray: Yes. One of the things that's really helping out Q1 is, if you look at the commitment that was made, $150 million to $210 million, if we look at what we've achieved today, we're already tracking at the high end of that. So that's certainly helping us in the SG&A area.
Thomas Okray: So we talked about the two-year stack, and obviously last year I think we grew 20% in mid-sized customers. So we do expect to continue to see strong growth in the second quarter. We don't give quarterly guide, but our expectation is continue to see stronger.
Thomas Okray: Yes. Some of those will be up some of those will be down. We will always be adjusting our prices. We're always going to make sure that we're market competitive. The one thing I would highlight from this quarter was that given the expectation of tariff rates going in and what actually happened, there's probably more market-based adjustments. It's not a price strategy change. It's just making sure that they are competitive going forward.
Thomas Okray: It is. We mentioned it in the call last year in Q1 as a tailwind. So we just - for completeness, I wanted to mention it as a headwind in Q1, then we're done with it.
Thomas Okray: No, we continue to see strong growth from existing customers and growth from new customers. We're probably going to be talking about that moving forward, but we haven't given a specific percent. But we're pretty happy with both the new customer acquisition and the existing customers.
Thomas Okray: Yes, we are. I'm not sure it was a slow start. It was 458,000 shares, $135 million. So, that was pretty sizable amount.
Thomas Okray: So, I guess - I would start by saying, if you look sort of at a 20-year history, generally we would have said 200 to 250 basis points is pretty good. So, it wasn't a horrifically bad share gain quarter. That said, we feel like we need to grow faster than that. We feel like 300 to 400 is where we can grow in U.S. There's a number of changes we've made and just we've made really throughout the business, marketing in particular. We've talked about minor, minor pricing adjustments. We've talked about some of the work we're doing with our sales organization to accelerate growth. So, we are focused on making sure that we're taking the right actions to accelerate that 300 to 400 basis points.
Thomas Okray: Yes. I mean, it's just primarily productivity that - or productivity initiatives. No more color than that at this point.
Thomas Okray: I mean, there is one funny thing in terms of Fabory loan forgiveness in the first quarter, that - it's net neutral for the company, but it is showing up in Q1.
Donald Macpherson: Thanks Tom. Overall, our results in Q1 were largely in line with our expectations. In the U.S., we're confident in our ability to continue to gain share. We believe we have the right initiatives and the right people in place to drive increasing share of wallet with our existing customers and to attract new midsize customers. In Canada, the cost takeout is behind us and our focus is on stemming the volume loss. We believe we will achieve profitability in 2019. Our online model continues to drive strong revenue growth, and we are driving strong expense leverage and are on track to achieve our productivity targets. Our strategic initiatives position us well for the long term. Now, I will open it up for questions.
Donald Macpherson: MonotaRO business continues to perform well. There were some freight headwinds in the business, but we're pretty confident in the ability of that business to grow and to have very strong operating margins going forward.
Donald Macpherson: Well, the uncertainly is more around the market, and our ability to gain share we feel pretty confident in. We still feel confident in the profitability range for the U.S.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. When we talked in the fourth quarter, we talked about double-digit. Again, that'll depend a lot - in large on the market growth rates. But like I said, we're still learning. We've got a long way to - long runway to grow with midsize customers. We're still learning what's working and we're going to continue to make adjustments and we think we can continue to grow very strongly with midsize customers.
Donald Macpherson: So, I would say that we continue to look at competitive market prices and we will continue to adjust. We would not expect necessarily the 1.5 price to stay at 1.5 as you see in our forecast going forward. But certainly the adjustments we're making are fairly minor, and they are based on just market competitiveness.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So we saw some weakness in government as you highlight. I would say in light manufacturing, we've also seen some weakness in terms of market growth rates. And overall, it's been slightly less than our projections and obviously there's a lot of uncertainty if you look sort of at the forward-looking - what people are talking about there's anything from deceleration to acceleration coming in the back half of the year depending on what you're looking.
Donald Macpherson: No. The government contract has already started to be implemented so you saw a lot of that in the first quarter. There were modest price changes that we continue to make to be competitive with market, but we still feel like the original guide on GDP is the right guy for us and is effectively for the rest of the year. So that's all we're saying.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. Sequentially we normally see gross profit go down throughout the year. We have freight favorability, not sure that that will continue, we have some mix pickup as well. So, we're comfortable with the guide that we gave at the beginning of the year.
Donald Macpherson: Well, we are seeing - what I'd say, we are seeing Ryan is, we're seeing the volume stabilize when we look at the run rate. So we've seen some benefit. I would say that the initiatives that are gaining traction for sure, we've added a number of products from the U.S. to the assortment, and that has gotten a nice pickup and we're starting to see some benefit from that. We expect to add as many as 100,000 items from the U.S. assortment that can help serve customers in Canada, so that's pretty exciting. We're seeing some sales force effectiveness work. We train all the sellers in the first quarter. We're starting to get some traction with what our sellers are doing in the marketplace, and that's important. I think the most important one is on the service side. We are starting to see some stabilization with service improvements, closing that many branches just frankly had a very significant impact on service in that market. And we're starting to see some of that stabilize. And so, we feel like those three are very, very important and we see those things will start to see the benefits we talked about.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So, on the second question, we don't see real evidence that there was pull-forward in the markets we serve and the way we serve them, we don't typically see that. We typically are the ones that are stocking items for customers. You don't see - you don't see customers pre-ordering typically. In terms of weather, I mean the weather events were fairly notable in the news. They had a minor impact and there is a lot of noise in any given quarter and we just - holiday timing was favorable, for Easter weather was a little negative, but none of that was really worth talking about in the quarter. So we didn't highlight that.
Donald Macpherson: No, I wouldn't say that prices are going down. I would say, given the uncertainty around tariff, there was a lot of movement in prices. And prices are always adjusting in a minor way up and down, but we don't see any downward pressure on prices in general, that's not what we're seeing.
Donald Macpherson: Yes, I would also highlight that we've talked about sort of north of $50 million in terms of productivity, and we still fully expect to get that. So we feel like we're on track with what our plans.
Donald Macpherson: Now we feel like - we've talked about this before as we've made the pricing changes. We feel like we're competitive now. So we should be in a much more stable price and price cost environment that we've been in the last couple of years, and we would expect that to continue.
Donald Macpherson: So, just for everybody's benefit, we manage inventory typically to service levels. We did pull forward some inventory buy in the fourth quarter. Our service levels are very strong. Our expectation is that we'll continue to have very strong inventory levels. It's too early to comment on any impact to the rebate. And right now, I would say, there's very little chance that the rebate will be impacted by last year's pull forward.
Donald Macpherson: Well, as we've said, our expectation is that we will continue to gain share at the rate we described. And our expectation is, the market growth will be between 1 and 4 as we described as well.
Donald Macpherson: So, I would say that our focus is squarely on growing organically, first. That is our primary focus. For all kinds of reasons, we have not had great success with M&A, and we feel like we're not afraid of M&A, but we are more focused on making sure we grow organically. We think that's best for our shareholders and for team members and for our customers. So that's our primary focus.
Donald Macpherson: It might be sustainable. At this point, we're sticking with our original guidance, and we certainly hope it continues. Can't disagree with your thought process there.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. We will continue to make investments in Zoro through most of this year. We would expect both of those investments to be made this year versus the future years.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean, similar I would say. But at a whole company level, not meaningfully different going forward.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. There's a couple of things happening there related to our specialty business and also our sourcing business. That's what's driving the reduction.
Donald Macpherson: So, the way we look at mid-sized and large customer growth, it accounts for about 90% of the business. The 10% is just some noise in there and didn't see growth for some of our specialty business areas. And so that's what's driving the difference.
Donald Macpherson: Thank you for joining us this morning. Appreciate all the questions. I would just reiterate what we said in the opening. We continue to be very confident in the business in the U.S. We continue to be confident in our ability to gain share and to do so profitably. In Canada, we recognize the challenges there, but we do expect to stabilize that business. And given the actions we've taken around cost, that can be a very profitable growth business for us. We continue to be excited about the online business and the growth and profitability there. And we continue to do a nice job of managing SG&A while continuing to invest heavily in the business, we're going to continue to invest in the business. So, overall, we feel like we're off to a decent start for the year and confident going forward. Thanks for your time.
