Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Kyle. Good morning, and thank you for joining the call. As we pass the midpoint of 2024, I'm proud of the way the team continues to show up for our customers, providing a flawless experience on each transaction. Our team members are consistently living the principles outlined by the Grainger Edge and in doing so we become a trusted partner for our customers, creating tangible value each day. One of the best examples of the value that we create for our customers is by simplifying their purchasing processes. Complicated and high-cost purchasing processes are common in our space, wasting our customers' time and money. Fortunately, we are well-equipped to help customers solve this challenge by assisting them in choosing the right digital solution, setting up necessary workflows and approvals and providing systems training to maximize the benefits. Recently, during negotiations on a multiyear agreement, one of our national account managers identified opportunities where our team could help the customer meet their process improvement goals, most notably in streamlining their procurement systems, engage our internal EDI pro team who worked with the customer to connect their purchasing platform to Grainger. Together, through enterprise-wide integration and training, we were able to move nearly all of the customers' MRO transactions to a digital channel, helping them consolidate orders, lower PO processing costs and driving several hundred thousand dollars in annual savings. These process improvements are part of a broader engagement with this customer, we also help them reduce inventory levels and drive product standardization, further saving them time money. This example is just one of many where our team works to understand the customers' operations, tailor our solutions to meet their needs and drive lower cost. Moving on to our second quarter performance. We delivered another solid quarter of results amidst a slow, generally stable demand environment. Total company reported sales were up 3.1% or 5.1% on a daily organic constant currency basis, with positive contributions from both segments. In the High-Touch Solutions segment, we remain focused on our growth engines and delivered tangible value for our customers, resulting in another quarter of solid performance. Within the Endless Assortment business, our focus on gaining new customers and increasing repeat purchase rates is paying off, and we continue to make progress with these initiatives. From a profitability standpoint, total company operating margin of 15.4% remained strong, but as anticipated, was down 40 basis points versus prior year. EPS finished the quarter at $9.76, up 5.2% versus the prior year. Beyond the P&L, we achieved ROIC of 42.6% and operating cash flow remained healthy in quarter, allowing us to return a total of $345 million to Grainger's shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Overall, the business continues to perform well, as we stay focused on the customer and the things that matter. While 2024 is playing out largely as expected, further yen devaluation and continued pockets of demand stops in the U.S. remain as headwinds. With this, we've trimmed the top end of our earnings guidance range, which Dee will discuss in a bit. Now I'll turn it over to, Dee.
Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Dee. As we head into the second half of 2024, a number of macroeconomic uncertainties remain ahead, but our teams are committed to focusing on what matters most, meeting our customers' needs and creating value for their business. We know that our ability to serve our customers better than our competitors relies on having a strong culture where team members can have a meaningful and fulfilling career. Among several other recognitions this year, Grainger was recently named the best workplace for millennials. These awards are a testament to the well-rounded culture we've built to help us fulfill our purpose. I'm confident that Grainger will continue to be recognized as an employer of choice because of the emphasis we put on living our principles. One of those principles, starting with the customer, it's key to achieving great results for all stakeholders. And I'm confident that we will continue do that in 2024 and for years to come. And with that, we will open the line for questions.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. Thanks, Tommy. I think most -- almost all of the growth in midsize customer and the outgrowth would be share gain. The reality is that -- and I think most people know the story. We, at one point, we're close to $2 billion in revenue. We got down to $800 million. We're back up to where we were. We think there's a long runway ahead. We believe that the digital capabilities we've built and the customer and product information assets we built help us with midsized customers significantly. And so really, we think it's what we're doing to build relationships with them through digital capabilities, a lot of those customers when you look at how they buy, start digital and that's their main channel.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah. Yeah. We do believe we'll land in price cost neutrality by the end of the year, the price realization the realization of the pricing actions on May 1st have been basically as expected. We talked about at the beginning of the year we were a little bit behind on price increases. We are making some of that up as the year progresses. And notably, gross profit remains strong. So we are not concerned about ending the year as we expect.
Donald Macpherson: I would just say that, Dave, that I think that June, July, the differences are probably noise. We actually don't think there's -- we look at daily run rates, we are concerned about anything, and there's nothing that I would say that would necessarily cause us other than noise.
Donald Macpherson: So I guess what I'd say is we follow two tenants. We want to make sure that we are priced competitively, and we want to make sure that over time, we're shooting for price/cost neutrality. I think we will do that this year. Our price increases this year will be modest overall. Our cost increases will be modest overall on product cost. But we are making adjustments both at May 1 and September 1, and those adjustments aren't meaningful in aggregate, we would expect to be in that 1% range that we talked about roughly at the beginning of the year, 1% to 2%.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah. I think what we're seeing is what everybody is saying, if you look at sort of the general demand environment, it's pretty slow. It's consistent, though, there's not a lot of panic. There are certain industries that have had significant challenges this year, pockets of automotive, pockets of other. I won't get into too many details about those, but certainly, there are -- there are pockets of weakness that have been significant and some pockets of strength. And I think that just continues to be the case. We expect -- I think we came in thinking that volume this year would be flat in our market, roughly something like that, and it's probably going to be down 1 now. So that's probably given what we've seen. That's probably the biggest change we have in our projections.
Donald Macpherson: So the way we measure marketing, we look at -- we run tests all the time. And that guides us on how much to spend. So you could argue that in certain macro environment, those tests might show different results. But in general, that's not going to change how we think about spending. We're spending to levels that give us a margin return that we expect. And none of that's changed and I wouldn't expect that to change through time.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah. We're -- the network is pretty busy, I'd say. We probably -- I think we talked about this in 2022. We were probably a bit behind. It was difficult to actually build anything during the pandemic to get materials and finished things. We have remedied some of that situation, we've put in three new bulk warehouses, the building in the Northwest, the shell the building is up and we will start receiving by end of this year, and start shipping next year. We have a building in Houston. That is just land now, but that's going to go up as well. So we've talked about those two and announced those two buildings. I would say that the biggest bulge in capital right now, we would project would be probably next year as we finish those two buildings out and then we expect to be in probably more normal times after that and being a little bit better shape from capacity perspective. But yeah the plan has just been executed exactly, as we expected and timing that we haven't changed on any of that.
Donald Macpherson: I wouldn't necessarily tag what happens to us to any specific competitor. The market is quite big, that Zoro in the U.S. plays in. I think what's happened with us, is we've gotten much better at getting better repeat rates, and we've been able to get better acquisition also this year. So the two things we focus on have gone better, but I wouldn't tag it to any competitor.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah. I mean, so for contractors, in particular, I'd also make a point that we're pretty small. So we start with a pretty small base. So I'm not sure that you can compare that to what's going on in the broader market. Warehousing, there's some comparisons to last year with some customers that are positive right now that's driving that. I wouldn't read too much into those just to be fair. I think that we're performing fairly consistently across the segments and then you have sort of in-year impacts that are a little unusual into the [indiscernible].
Donald Macpherson: Yeah. What I would say is that, probably low point, it was probably fourth quarter was last end of last year. We think from now on, we're going to get better consistently, and we'll be able to get SG&A leverage as we move forward given the growth rates we're seeing. So, it will start to get better through the back half of this year and we think into next year as well. And so we're pretty confident that we'll start the rise. It's not going to be fast. It's going to be very consistent in terms of getting improved margins into the business.
Donald Macpherson: All right. Thanks for joining us. It must be a busy day because we didn't get them as many questions as normal. But I appreciate you joining. And I would just reiterate that we are -- we feel really good about where we're at. We're going to continue to invest in the core capabilities that we need to build to make sure that we can serve customers better than our competitors. That's really what we're focused on. And we're also focused, as Dee said, on driving productivity through the business. We think doing both of those things at the same time is absolutely critical for our long-term success. So, I hope you enjoy the rest of your summer, and thanks. Thanks for joining our call.
Deidra Merriwether: Yeah. On the reported remarks, we noted that preliminarily, July is rolling up around 2%. However, if you recall, we believe if you normalize for some project-related service revenue outside, project-related service revenue we had last year, that would -- that would put us north of 3% for July.
Deidra Merriwether: Yeah. The majority of that is Cromwell plus some other charges and other. But the Cromwell business has been working towards profitability. And if you recall, our results last year, they exited the year profitable. And they continue to see profitability this year. Now in this quarter, they had a little bit of a challenge with some gross margin related to customer mix, but we expect them to end this year profitable as well. And we feel like the U.K. is an important market for us. And we just -- with Brexit and some other challenges over the last couple of years has kind of delayed some of our strategic plans in that business. But that we feel that business is doing really well and have outgrown the market the last six quarters.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. Well, if you look at just July, you're talking about July now and not the prior quarter, right? When we started this month, the month started a little sell. There were a number of things that happened. There was some weather-related impacts that didn't go in our favor. There was also a well-known IT outage that impacted a number of our customers as we cover a lot of people in the US. And then there was just some general holiday softness. This is really unique because a lot of it happened around the same time. So really, really hard to measure. I'll say the good news is the last week of the month has been -- was really strong for us. And so that is a good sign. So those were some of the impacts that we noted on a go-forward basis. I think you're asking the next question sequentially. Sequential sales, am I correct from like this quarter to the next. If you look at that from a top line perspective, we expect that to be reasonably consistent Q2 to Q3 and through the fourth quarter. And then as it relates to some of our other metrics from a sequential perspective, we're expecting profitability sequential growth from the revenue number that I just talked about. We expect profitability there's going to be some puts and takes there, but we anticipate operating margins and EPS to also remain relatively consistent through the balance of the year.
Deidra Merriwether: Sure. As we've talked about making sure that we could continue to invest in cycle to ensure that we have long-term share gain. A part of that is making sure that we're paying for some of those investments through productivity actions. And so our entire business really focused on continuous improvement and looking at how we can drive productivity. So a lot of those actions were focused on voluntary actions with team members and that happened both in the US and internationally quite a bit. We see that as a onetime specific incident. However, our focus on continuous improvement is longer term. And we -- in doing those things, we are gaining scale on our non-demand generating expenses, and we expect that to continue through the cycle as we continue to invest in demand generation.
