Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Tom. I would like to close by reminding you of our long-term performance expectations. We expect our initiatives in the U.S. to allow us to grow revenue 300 to 400 basis points faster than the market, on average over the next several years. We believe Canada is an attractive market for Grainger to be in, it can grow faster than the market and be a double-digit operating margin business over the next five years. We expect continued strong growth with our endless assortment models to the strength of MonotaRO in Japan and the investments we're making in Zoro U.S. Overall, we expect to drive strongest SG&A leverage and continued operating margin improvement resulting from incremental margin of 20% to 25%. Now, I will open up for questions.
Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Dave. So, we still believe that we can grow midsize customers much faster than the market. We will need to grow them faster than 300 to 400 basis points faster than the markets to be able to hit our overall targets. We have some good signs with our midsize customers. I would say that covered customers have continued to grow very strongly which is a signal that if the customers we've acquired are actually repeating at very strong rates, which is great to see. We feel like we have some efforts initiatives going with merchandising and marketing that can help us accelerate growth. I would point out that pretty new to us to be through the pricing changes and focusing on the midsize customers so we're learning every day what's working and what's not. And we're going to know more as we go forward, but we still feel confident and we can grow significantly though that customers, support pretty all economics of the company.
Donald Macpherson: Great question, when we talked about a lot. I would say we are certainly not going to forecast a recession and what we see in the market in the U.S. has been slow growth, but pretty stable over the last several months. So, we don't see anything that implies that we are heading off the cliff in the U.S. obviously internationally, there is pockets that are more problematic than others, but in general, we’re not forecasting negative necessarily. We think it's a possibility that probably not a probability at this point.
Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Robert. I would say the tariff environment is still a significant uncertainty and we'll see what happens in the next couple months in terms of resolving it or not. Our philosophy is to make sure that we are priced to the market. We will continue to make sure we are priced competitively to be able to serve our customers well and we will take actions to make sure we will get it every day basically to make sure we're priced at the appropriate range. So that's really our philosophy and that's what we're focused on, just some uncertainty as to whether or not the tariffs are going to come through in a bigger way which gives price may go up or not, but our focus is really on making sure market competitive in terms of price.
Donald Macpherson: So, yeah, thanks for asking that. We will provide more detail going forward, how much we expect each to provide. I will say that this is a pretty big shift for us and mindset shift in the sense that we've tracked market share in the past, but we've never targeted market share growth. And we've never had a set of initiatives that we are expecting to align to that growth, at least not explicitly. And we do plan to become more explicit overtime, I gave the example of merchandising in the prepared remarks, which I think is a good one where this is a little bit new to us, we are having to break down some barriers to execute faster and move faster on some things and we're seeing good results. And we do expect that that momentum to continue to build. And so, we'll provide more of the specific details. But know that page eight is pretty important for us right now, I would say.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah. So that, -- let me get to the last one second, most of the investments that we're making, in terms of getting platform and platform independence should be -- we should be through that by the end of this year. So, we expect some of the costs we've added in terms of analytics and people to stay, but a lot of the cost will fall off next year, as well. In terms of standalone, it'll come in pieces. So, one of the biggest things we're doing is developing the capability for that business to add their own items and they add items from third-party shippers, which will make that business less reliant on Grainger obviously, for the core Grainger items Grainger will still fulfill, but that business will become less directly reliant on the Grainger supply chain overtime. And so that should be -- we're going to implement that system in the third quarter, by the end of the year, we should have that capability. Similarly, the data analytics platform should be complete by the end of the year. So, a lot of this should really be through this year in terms of giving that business more independence. And that's really what we're targeting.
Donald Macpherson: So, the basis holding on quite well, as I mentioned, we’ve taken a portion of that base, about half of the midsize customers are now in some sort of coverage model and that has continued to grow at a pretty good clip. So, the base is held on pretty well, and we are acquiring customers, as well, but certainly we're happy with what we see with the base.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah, I mean, certainly the weather was not helpful, but it is a very small impact to us. It's less than 0.5% impact, so we didn’t call that out as a separate item.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah, I mean we don’t want to over index on any monthly trends given some of the noise that can happen in the month. I would say that we do feel like we gained a little bit more share in June and we do feel like the market like I mentioned before is not falling off a cliff. We expect to be in a slow growth market moving forward and it’s been pretty stable from our perspective over the last several months.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah, we’re finding that we’re able to pass on most of the tariffs related price increases. The one thing that we called out in terms of price neutral is the only thing impacting that that we excluded was the price reset. We’ve had a great relationship on the tariff side working with our supplier partners. They want to sell the products with us, and it’s been going extremely well as a result Jeff.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah so right now we’re learning a lot from MonotaRO. There’s a lot to learn from their success. There is probably more leadership synergy than might be easy to recognize in a sense that the leaders of all of the businesses get together frequently and talk about what they’re doing. We haven’t talked much about Zoro UK, the Zoro UK is on a terrific path and will be profitable early 2020, that’s probably because of the linkages they have with MonotaRO and Zoro U.S. It’s a fair question but for now we certainly feel like we’re getting a lot of synergies out of the portfolio and it’s an important part of our portfolio going forward.
Donald Macpherson: Well, I think it's been our ability to generate incremental margin. We know we’re in a choppy slowing market and our sales growth isn’t going to be as great as we had planned. We’re doing a lot of good work on cogs as we described. I think managing the tariff environment very well. We’re being very fiscally responsible on SG&A, while also really continuing to invest in our priorities, advertising, digital. So, it’s really comes down to our ability to generate incremental margin. I mean we had very good results as we called out.
Donald Macpherson: The main issues have been when we went through some of the changes was first significant and there were many changes that we made. We had some customer's instruction that we are fully expecting. I would say the most important thing for me is that the services improved in the business, we're hearing better things from our customers, we're starting to win back some customers which is really, really important. I think the business is very well-positioned from a cost and business model perspective now. And we need to get the top-line going and that’s taken a little bit longer than we thought that’s really the only thing that concerns us at this point, can we get the top-line going.
Donald Macpherson: Certainly, I would say May was lower across all segments if that’s what you are referring to and June was better. I would say some of that are factors that are frankly not worth talking about from the last year or two in terms them setting the baseline that you're comparing to. But certainly, we don't see like I said before, we don't see anything falling off a cliff and we do see midsize customers growing faster than the rest of the business and we would expect to see that going forward.
Donald Macpherson: So, we would say that the quarter was -- if you average out the quarter that makes sense in terms of what we see from market growth.
Donald Macpherson: In the short-term that would be fair, like I said we're learning every day and we're doing things to continue to improve the trajectory and we like what we’re seeing, but certainly in the short-term, that’s true.
Donald Macpherson: Well, I'm really not going to get into where we think we're going to land in the range other than what we said in the prepared remarks. We've been running the play in the first half of, not getting the sales we've wanted, generating very strong incremental margins. And we're going to continue to do that in the back half. And we think it'll work out well for us. But it really doesn’t want to get into going forward where we think we're going to land in the range.
Donald Macpherson: So, I would go back to our capital structure tenants, one of the tenants that we have is we don't want to hold any excess cash. And we were in a good position where we were, we had generated quite a bit of cash and we just use that to return back to the shareholders. So, really nothing to read into that. As it goes to our initial guide, we're sticking with that and if it changes, we'll talk about it, next quarter.
Donald Macpherson: And I would also just add that, I think if you look at our cost structure, a big part of our cost structure is process costs of distribution centers, contact centers. We've made some pretty big changes, for example, our contact centers, they are performing quite well now. They're going to continue to get better and better. So, maybe the restructuring is done, but we expect every single year to get continuous improvement out of our big out of our big operations and we continue to see that and would expect to see that going forward. So, it's not like we're not going to improve our cost structure. It's just that we may not have as much restructuring type things.
Donald Macpherson: Certainly, the investment spending in Zoro in the U.S. is a big part that was planned at the beginning of the year. And we are we are spending that money and seeing what we want to see out of that. So, we had always planned for the Zoro margins to come down in the year. And that's what we're seeing. So that's when we talk about investment spending, that's really what we're referring to.
Donald Macpherson: I think, like we said before, I think our focus really is to make sure that we are market priced in everything that we do. Depending on how the tariffs play out, that could mean more price or less price, I think and that there is some uncertainty around that. But we are tracking and watching this very, very closely and our objective always to make sure that we're priced competitively, and we will make sure we do that.
Donald Macpherson: Generally, not much. I mean, the reality is that customers don't hold a whole bunch of our inventory anyway. And the way we've structured most of our large customer relationships, we're helping them manage your inventory, we set MOQs that allow them to operate at a pretty lean level. So, we don't see a lot of channel loading or anything like that, with our customers, given that the business model, and our business model is based on this entirely on helping them manage your inventory effectively.
Donald Macpherson: I think what we've seen over there, as we've seen, obviously, the UK market has been struggling a bit. And we've seen some manufacturers shift some of their production from UK to the Mainland of Europe. The favorite businesses had sort of consistent, modest growth this year, we think the market in the Netherlands and Belgium where they are, it's been up, combined, but not thought up significantly. Certainly, there are signs of some pressures in the European market. But what we see that favorite hasn't really weighed on results, so we are feeling in the UK has.
Donald Macpherson: Yeah, and I would just, I would just remind, they may get a little bit worse, I would just remind you that we are very small and Fabory. So, it doesn't have a meaningful impact on us right now. So, I don't -- and I also don't know that we have the best lens. I mean, we have the lenses, the Netherlands primarily and some Belgium business. So, we don't have anything really in France speaking of a very, very little in Spain. So, we don't really have much exposure to the big markets to have a position.
Donald Macpherson: I have to think about that. I'm not sure I have a great answer for you to be honest. My inkling is probably not seeing much different. But I don't know that I could necessarily say that with certainty. I've looked at the total. And I'd have to go ask some questions about that. Interesting question.
Donald Macpherson: The structural, I think there's a sort of law of the universe, which is always been growing over 24 the first 5 or 6 years. If we want to continue to grow in the 20s. We view something else given as it gets bigger, that becomes harder to do. So, we didn't want you to think that we're going to accelerate from the 20s to the 30s or 40s, we're going to try to continue to have a strong growth rate.
Donald Macpherson: I think it's important to note that in June, we had our fastest growth way that we had in two years related to keep stock.
Donald Macpherson: All right, thanks for joining us. I would just reiterate a couple of points. One is, in the U.S. given the profitability, we are really focused on growth and gaining share going forward and it’s a bit of a new orientation for us to say, we’re going to gain share on a consistent basis. But we are wiring ourselves up to be able to do that and that’s our primary focus and the other is the online model continues to be here profitable on a fast grower and so we’re investing to make sure we can do that. If those two things go well, we’re pretty excited about the future and I look forward to talking to you one on one, so thanks for your time and I appreciate you on the phone.
Thomas Okray: Yeah, we've been planning for the change for quite some time. The way we've got it modeled is it's relatively small, as we said in the prepared remarks, we've been able to realize substantially less than the overall exposure. So, we don't believe that the change and in [indiscernible] is going to be that material for us.
Thomas Okray: As we said in our guidance, which is 1 to 54 for Canada, we believe to be tracking to the low end, so the answer would be yes, breakeven -- better than breakeven for the year.
Thomas Okray: Right. Okay. There is some seasonality as you look at the way we performed historically. The gross margin does go down over the year, also recognizing the uncertain economic environment we're in, we just thought it would be prudent to be cautious in this and we measured in our guidance range.
Thomas Okray: Yeah, our philosophy is that you can always optimize SG&A. And we will continue to look at that every day. The way we're looking at those is really trying to get to our 20% to 25% incremental margin. I mean, that's the objective that the organization is focused on. But there's always, there's always ways to take out costs. I think of the prepared remarks; the cost and cost takeout’s ending were primarily related to Canada.
Thomas Okray: And I just finally I would add one important thing is even in this down market, because of what DG talked about our focus on market share and our focus on growth. We are not backing off of any of our strategic initiatives spending to hit an SG&A number. We're continuing to go forward full speed on that.
Thomas Okray: Yes, we do have an easier comp as far as variable compensation. What I would say for the second half is we expect the SG&A rate to be lower than the previous year for sure.
Thomas Okray: That’s the percentage of sales and we also expect the second half of the year to perform better than the first half of the year as it relates to favorability to the prior year.
Thomas Okray: That's compared to last year, we had some issues in terms of keep stock, right, awesome machines, older machines that we replace. We also had some capital expenditures at two of our bigger DCs. So, we had a favorable compare there to last quarter.
Thomas Okray: Yeah, we took down the other business unit operating margin target, primarily due to the performance in our Cromwell business unit. Obviously with the uncertainty of Brexit also that just combined with the transformation that we've got going on in that entity, where we're really changing the business model there in terms of being decentralized with the branch network and trying to have more centralization. Some of the things that we've noted on Canada, we're seeing there where we've disrupted the customer base, those types of things. So that's why we're taking down primarily for the other business unit.
Thomas Okray: It's hard to tell. I mean, heavy manufacturing was basically flat for the second quarter, actually, in June, the overall market I'm referring to is actually negative. So, it's hard to tell where that segments going to go. Obviously, we've got a number of initiatives in play, which DG referenced in the prepared remarks in the Q&A. We think despite that down or slowing market, we're going to be able to gain share.
Thomas Okray: Yes. We have about 3 years ago, 2 to 3 years ago, we made some changes and that's improved the profitability. We're now squarely in the place where we're building new capabilities. We've done some work on software, we've done some work on visibility and analytics and reporting to help customers understand the value that we're bringing, and we're going to continue to push on those things. The comments it's really around, we haven't for a couple of years, we hadn't been focused as much on capability building as we improve the profitability and now, we're really focused on that. And so that's going to be our focus going forward.
