D. G. Macpherson: So I would say, Ryan that our volume expectations haven't changed. We would expect to see continued improvement, slight improvement in volume, and our GP expectations are what they were before. Sequentially, we expect our gross profits to be down 20 to 40, to 50 basis points, and that's just because we have the full effect of the pricing actions in the quarter. So that's our expectation.
D. G. Macpherson: So, we've experienced modest tailwinds that continued to increase throughout the year, I'd say. So it's little better it seems at the quarter. In terms of the large customers, both the spot buy and large non-contract customers, which effectively are all spot buy, showed some growth for the first time in a long time, and that helps. And our contract customers continue to grow similarly to what we've seen, continue to improve slightly. So that's no real change there in terms of the path that we've been on.
D. G. Macpherson: So just to be clear, so the 15% is net of the hurricane impact. So the actual growth for mid size customers is higher when you include the hurricane impact. And I would say it’s a fairly clear path in terms of continued growth post the price changes. And mid-August, we really started digital marketing in earnest and so that certainly help the growth post that period.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, in the U.S. the year-over-year compression was we're looking at 150 basis points in the U.S. and so that -- which is exactly what we expected. And sequentially, it was 180 basis points.
D. G. Macpherson: So we’ll talk a lot about that in the few weeks, Rob. I would say that our expectation and in terms of the actions we're taking in Canada, we expect our profitability will be better. And we’ve talked about Canada being in 2019 and so we’re taking actions now to make that happen. It’s a messy process. There is a significant change that we're making to the business. But we’ll give more clarity on that in a few weeks.
D. G. Macpherson: So keep in mind that a large non-contract customer would almost have the same price change or similar to mid size customers that they didn’t have pricing that they’ve gotten historically. And so non-contract large customers will have more of a price write down and better volume response similar to mid size customers not quite as severe because there are some large non contract customers that have price deals historically. So you should read that that -- the price change to have a very big impact on that group we would expect.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, we lumped historically spot buying with large non-contract in some of what we shown. But there is a significant portion of the volume that’s non-contracted.
D. G. Macpherson: So the way that works is we have a hurricane. Our branches we typically load the branches with hurricane type products and they skew more to midsize customers. So we see more midsize customer hurricane volume than we would see with large customers. We see a lot of it everywhere of course. But so it had a bigger impact but we’ve taken that out with the 15%.
D. G. Macpherson: So, our COGS inflation this year is going to be very slightly negative. And so we are seeing inflation. Now, we are starting to see inflationary pressures a little bit more than we’ve seen in the last few years of course. But so far, we have that is not shown up in our COGS line.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, we’ve done a whole bunch of work at looking at product categories and optimizing our product categories and cost. So, we have a rigorous process where we’re following, we call it PPO, which basically helps us get the right assortment at the right cost.
D. G. Macpherson: The spot buy is with large contract customers and that would not have anything to do with Gamut at this point. It would be just the pricing just that we make. And making sure that we’re actually selling the value and getting more of the customers’ pie.
D. G. Macpherson: So we’ll talk about that at the Analyst Day. Obviously, we expect to get continued leverage and we expect expenses to grow slower than volume. But we'll talk more specifically in a few weeks.
D. G. Macpherson: So, I think maybe I can help, just talk about. So we renegotiated most of the contracts that we would want to at this point. There’s some that we can't because of contractual reasons, and we'll get to those over the next year. The way this works, it's a little bit odd to look at spot buy independent from the total volume or non-spot buy with large customer, because the goal here is to grow the entire customer and to have more of the share beyond spot buy. So the non spot buy basically has been fairly consistent in terms of the growth in the business, but we start to see that spot buy, that means more of the mix is non-negotiated, which just makes it easier for the customer and makes it easier for us and actually is helpful for everybody. So that’s the goal and changing this at this point.
D. G. Macpherson: So we're seeing decent volume growth. We will come back, as I mentioned before, in about three weeks and talk through the plan for Canada. And the plan for Canada as we said it before is substantial, and I think get's us to a place that is much more profitable in 2019, which is what we’re looking for. So we will talk about that very shortly.
D. G. Macpherson: Fourth quarter impact, Deane, will probably be very small, if it is noticeable. In terms of mix, most of the time we have hurricanes I think this was no different. Product mix is similar in many ways to the rest of the mix. We end up spending a little bit more money frankly to deliver the product. So we do a lot of things that you wouldn’t naturally do. And so things like freight cost go up in the short-term to serve the customer. It's not really a big net benefit or decrement to the GP rate.
D. G. Macpherson: We have not quantified that. We’ll talk about that in a couple -- in a few weeks, that’s going to be a part of the discussion we have in the Analyst Day.
D. G. Macpherson: So, I would say fiscal year end, in general, was similar to past year it wasn’t either really strong or really weak. So it was similar fiscal year end to what we've seen before. Net-net there have been some bumps in terms of government procurement that happened from mid May through mid August, probably in the negative for the year so far. But year-end it was pretty good but not unusual.
D. G. Macpherson: So the basic funnel, and again we’ll talk about this in a few weeks. But we will use digital marketing in many cases to acquire customer, we learned who that customer is. We’ll figure out what the right price and service offering for that customer is. And then if they get big enough and attractive enough inside sales will cover them. And once an inside sales person is covering them most of the digital investments will be email digital as opposed to discounting digital. So there’s a funnel and a process for customers as they get more mature. That leaves them to inside sales if the characters fix with that customer make sense.
D. G. Macpherson: No, the growth has been pretty consistent across the board. So if you look at the overall customer growth, it’s been similar in the spot buy.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, it was a relatively small business that made a little bit of money. It was not core to what we do. And so some of our acquisitions we’ve integrated into the core, and this one never really made sense to integrate into the core. We brought some of the products into the business. But frankly this business ends up joining another business that’s similar and has a much better chance of success in that portfolio than it does with us.
D. G. Macpherson: No, we actually don’t think that’s true. And if you look at the large customer results, what you’ll see is the spot buy and the non-contract customers went from negative to growing low single-digits which means the rest of it had to grow faster than the average. And so that is -- and we think that’s gaining share at a similar pace to what gain share before.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, we’ve seen nice growth with the single channel online model even through this quarter the Japanese business grew in the 20s. But there are other businesses, Mexico grew strongly favorably strongly. So, we’re seeing growth in some of the other international but the UK grew a little bit. So we’re seeing nice growth in that portfolio as well.
D. G. Macpherson: I think we’re not maxed out on large customer market share. I think we have share opportunities to grow. When I do customer visits there, frequent discussions about how to expand the relationship find more context sell our value in the places where we don't have value -- add value today. So I'm not concerned that we've tapped out. Midsize customers, I guess, when you're as low shares where we'll see. When you talk to the midsize customers, they really love Grainger and the value that Grainger provides and they just haven't been buying from us largely because of price and we haven't actually been reaching out to them. So we'll see. I'm going to reserve that answer for time back. I think there's a long playfield for us to grow midsize customers.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, so we have a search firm and a number of candidates that are -- that we are working through and we will get you an update when we have the CFO. We have very good pipeline.
D. G. Macpherson: So, maybe I should start by what we've done with pricing, I think it was probably more unique to us than to the market where our prices were out of market the way we go to market. And so we expected modest reaction and that's pretty much what we've seen. There hasn't been much reaction. The reality in our space is that everybody goes to market differently, has their own strategy. And so we haven’t seen a lot of direct response to our actions, and our prices aren't lowest now and won't be.
D. G. Macpherson: Well, it typically is at a category level. And by category level, I would mean 500 SKUs, 200 SKUs. And effectively, we look at all the customer feedback and what customers care back. We look at the assortment we have and in some cases we're adding vendors, in some cases we consolidated vendors. It just depends on what the customers care about and then we try to get the lowest cost we can. And so there's not a single formula. You have to do it category-by-category.
D. G. Macpherson: Yes, we do. We think we'll keep a lid on inflation. I think if we didn't have that program, we would be seeing some inflation for sure. But that program helps us to offset that inflation.
D. G. Macpherson: So keep in mind that the price changes happened mid quarter. For the last two months, the price changes were in effect. And so it's not a full, five is not a full quarter ex-U.S.
D. G. Macpherson: So we're going to have to wait three weeks for that one, Rob. We’ll talk at the Analyst Day about that.
D. G. Macpherson: And we continue to work very hard to make sure that our costs are necessary. And so we’re really focused on making sure that our expenses are all well managed. And I think that this reflects that part.
D. G. Macpherson: So, I would say in the U. S. we’re optimistic about what we’re seeing, but we’re not fairly short timeframe. So we’re not going to change our guidance per se that we are happy with what we’ve seen.
D. G. Macpherson: So, we don’t typically view that. I would say, we don’t actually plan annual COGS inflation necessarily in that math. We look at price cost spread. So from our question is, when we manage COGS as well or better than our competitors and we will be able to perhaps pass through whatever the market COGS is overtime. So, we typically find our financials that way as opposed to sticking with the specific number, because that number can fluctuate pretty quickly. But we’ll talk about our expectations again in few weeks.
D. G. Macpherson: All right. Well, thanks everybody. I think that’s our last caller. Just to summarize, we made a solid quarter, U. S. volume growth was encouraging, continued strong growth and profitability expansion in the online model, continue to really focus on cost management and we’re in the midst of a significant turnaround in Canada. Look forward to seeing most of you in a few weeks. And thanks for your time.
Ron Jadin: We're expecting carryover impact next year on pricing probably minus 2% range, and we'd expect that to then flatten out in the following year and turn positive with inflation.
Ron Jadin: So we've guided for the balance of the year for tax rate already and we'll give a guide in our November Investor Day for next year. And I know there's been a number of ranges published already this morning from some of the sell side on taxes. And it's difficult for us to comment on third quarter taxes versus consensus. But I think it's a little bit more straight forward for us to talk about it year-over-year. And when we look at our reported tax rate in the third quarter of last year, it was about 34% and this year it's 31.7%, and that's in our press release. If you look at that and how we’re weighted to last year's earnings before taxes, it's an improvement of about $6 million in lower taxes or about $0.10 EPS. And about two thirds of that is driven by our clean energy investments and the other third is driven by some solar credits and foreign tax credits. So for us year-over-year normalized it's about $0.10 pickup. And about two thirds of that also would have been -- because this is done on a year-to-date trough, two thirds of that $0.10 is probably from the first half of the year. So a lot there to consume, but that's our perspective on a year-over-year basis.
Ron Jadin: No. This is Ron. We stayed with the midpoint. We think the benefit overall on taxes is in the $0.05 to $0.10 range, and it’s really offsetting some little bit of loss earnings from the specialty business we sold very small and then just a cautious look at Canada for the year.
Ron Jadin: That's because of the specialty business sale. I think that was your question so yes, specialty business sales.
Ron Jadin: And this is Ron. Not really we’ve some favorability in the third quarter driven by the low share price and stock compensation. The expensing of that and that will pride bounce back with a bit higher stock price in the fourth quarter. So there is some timing there. But that drive sequential variation. But for the year, we don’t expect anything unusual.
