D.G. Macpherson: Thank you, Dee. I'm proud of the team and our results for the quarter across those segments and I'm confident in our performance moving forward. As Dee discussed, we expect to end this year having gained strong share and to be in a better profitability position than before the pandemic as we enter into 2022. We remain committed to fulfilling our purpose of keeping the world working as we get through the rest of the pandemic and back to normal operations, as well as continue to execute our strategy so we can achieve this purpose for years to come. And with that, we will open it up for questions.
D.G. Macpherson: Thanks Ryan for the questions. I think as we talked about this year’s comparisons for 2020 are going to be pretty closed upon given what happened this year. And so if you go back to 2019, what we see is a very consistent increase in non-pandemic relative to that 2019, and we see you know the pandemic sales continue to be elevated, but not as elevated as time goes on. And so really if you think about the revenue outlook for us, we're basically taking run rates and looking at what we think's going to happen with run rates and that gets us to the numbers we're talking about. So you don’t have to believe a lot about anything really changing in the macro versus just continued recovery. We still – you know we still have some segments that are struggling, that aren’t anywhere near where they were before, but a lot of the economy is really back and running fairly smoothly and non-pandemic is as well with those segments.
D.G. Macpherson: You know not really offset. So we think there's going to be some inflation. It's already starting to come in as Dee mentioned. We think as she said, that price cost is going to be neutral for the year. We think most of that's going to be noise. We think we’re going to get a little better mix moving forward, and then we get through the inventory write downs and you know where we're at now is similar to where we're likely to be moving forward, so it's not going to be a big shift due to cost increases that we foresee at this point.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, sure, sure, absolutely. Thanks Dave. You know so I would say that our strategic initiatives remain similar to what they've been the last year or so. We continue to invest pretty heavily in technology to improve our digital offerings to make this more curated and to help customers [Inaudible]
D.G. Macpherson: Alright, so what I was saying was the initiatives that we have are very similar to what we’ve had the last year. Our merchandising, we continue to invest in merchandising the assortment. We continue to invest in technology to improve our digital solutions. We continue to improve our marketing capabilities and increase spend in the marketing area. And you know our sales initiatives, a lot of what we're doing with our sellers is just getting back in front of customers again. We’ve done a really nice job of staying connected to customers and we're now getting out in the field more and we’re able to visit customers and re-engage and get started on things that might have been put off. And the other thing I'd say is, we've really seen nice growth in our KeepStock technology, and we're going to continue invest in KeepStock and improve our ability to serve customers and maintain their inventory. So those are the main initiatives in the business. All are moving along well and effectively.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, okay. So you know we – as Dee mentioned last year, at the peak of the pandemic we were probably 30% pandemic sales and for the year it was 28%. You know we're running about 25% now. We do expect that to moderate and get closer to 20%. I would say, we expect relative to 2019, we still expect some elevated pandemic sales. We're seeing that with, certainly for any of you that have been in the hospitals or medical offices, you know there's still much more PPE than in the past. We see that in government agencies, we see that in retail establishments and certainly in warehouses. So we expect some elevated, but we expect to slowly see that go from that 25% number down approaching 20%, closer to 20% by the end of the year. So we expect the comparisons year-over-year to go down with the pandemic, as non-pandemic comes up. But we don't expect the elevated sales to go away entirely. We expect there to be some long tail out here where there’s going to be elevated pandemic sales, so that's our expectation.
D.G. Macpherson: And Nigel, just to your point, the numbers, the inflation numbers are small enough that it doesn't really have a meaningful impact on Grainger, weather its $1 or rate. So we expect that to be very little impact, either on dollars or rate.
D.G. Macpherson: So, there's a lot in that question. So we do expect Zoro margins in the three to five year frame to be back, tipping in the upper single digits. There are some differences in the Japanese market and the U.S. market. The digital advertising market is very, very different and so that’s a structural difference. You know we expect the – one thing I'd point out is over time, and we’ve already started to see this. As we added skews into the assortment, we’ve actually leveraged third party shipper relationships more. We've already seen – you know we're getting away a little bit from the U.S. supply chains. The U.S. supply chains still makes up the bulk of the shipments, but not – will not be in that position forever. And one other thing – reason that's important is, on any way you look at it, the return on invested capital in the business going forward is going to be very strong. Today either we reallocate some of the U.S. inventory very strong, and as it goes forward it'll even be stronger. So we don't expect to get fully to the Japanese margins. It's a different market, different market dynamics, but we do expect to have very strong profitability from the business, both from an operating margin perspective, but even more so from a return on invested capital.
D.G. Macpherson: I’d say the short answer is, we feel good about the 300 to 400 basis points. You know last year if you take all the mess away, from what we saw, which was positive for us in terms of share gains given our supply chain strength and position, we were over 400 basis points of share gains just on sort of our demand generation activities. This year adjusted will be in a similar position. Something like that number we think is a good number for us at this point. What was the second half of that? I'm sorry.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, absolutely. We're seeing strong repurchase from those customers and you know we – one of the things I would say is that, in the heat of the pandemic we had more consumer volume that we typically would have had. Filtering through that and getting the business customers, we’re seeing strong business repeated and business repeated in non-pandemic product as well.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, I would say yeah, we haven't calculated exactly, but I would see no reason why it would be similar. Our expectation is that the Assortment Business will continue to grow at about 20% a year moving forward and we’ll continue to gain share in the U.S. and the High-Touch is at a similar pace, so that should be roughly right. You know the map changed a little bit as the Endless Assortment gets bigger, but they should be roughly right.
D.G. Macpherson: Alright, there you go. So in terms of mid-sized customer growth, we're seeing very good growth right now. We will continue to see good growth. One of the reasons is that last year during the height of the pandemic we allocated inventory to the hospitals and government agencies. Actually it’s the right thing to do and so we had just inflated the growth of mid-sized customers last year. So we're going to see very good numbers this year and a lot of that's real, but a lot of that's due to the fact that we detailed inventory last year. Our expect – we’re about 2% share with mid-sized customers. We have a lot of room to grow. We’re getting back to where we were several years ago when we think we've got – you know 10 years ago, but we think we've got a long ways to go to grow and both with uncovered customers through digital means and through covered customers and inside sales we’re saying nice growth rates. And in terms of margin, its significantly higher gross profit. You know on the contribution margin level it's not as big a difference, but still a difference and you know we talked about 500 basis point plus difference in the past.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, it's a great question, it’s not new. MonotaRO been doing it for five or six years I think. I may have that a little bit wrong, but something like that, they become better at it. The market in Japan is very, very different. I would say that there aren’t distributors like Grainger serving customers with the kind of intensity that we have in the U.S. there, enterprise customers, and so we’re going to keep Zoro focused on small and mid-sized businesses. There's a ton of runway for small and mid-sized businesses. And as they get better, we're seeing the fruits of that work and so that's going to be our focus for us.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, the answers is yes, we do. Obviously, we’ve had a long ride that’s been challenged in Canada. I think for the last two year, for the first time we have a really good customer experience. We have a team that's really energized. We will be – we feel we will be right at breakeven this year, we will be profitable next year and that's with what has been a very difficult path economically for Canada. So, we feel good, you know whether or not we're going to get it up to the level of the U.S., ours is debatable. We feel like we have line of sight to getting it to strong profitability in Canada, and there's really no structural reason why we can't do that, and we are just on the execution path to making that happen now.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, so I assume you're referring to sort of a lot of the global challenges in the supply chain. We see some of those issues certainly, the freight markets challenging right now. It's actually easing a bit and getting a little bit better as we head throughout the year it appears, and we feel like servicing costs are going to be – we have a decent chance for where that’s going to go. You know we see some of our customers disrupted by supply chain challenges, certainly you know automotive has been one that there’s been a lot of press on. Most of our customers are not disrupted by some of the supply chain challenges that we see, so we don't expect huge disruptions, although we expect a lot of messiness in the supply chain. I would say some things are getting a little bit better. I think port clearance is getting a little bit better now which is good to see. We are trying to bring a bunch of inventory into our buildings as we grow and there’s challenges. I would say in the entire supply chain, certain things are slower than they've been historically and I think that's definitely a condition that everybody has. Our assumption is that there's going to be messiness, we’ll manager it as well or better than anybody else and come through it well. At this point, but we do recognize that there's a lot of challenges in supply chain right now.
D.G. Macpherson: You know I think most of that, most of the Cromwell business and I would say a couple things about the Cromwell business. One is, that business has very high customer satisfaction now. It has very high team engagement, they were just named 11th I guess best employer in the U.K. for large companies. That is very different than where we were at three years ago, on both of those dimensions and you know they're starting to see a return to growth now. U.K. is doing okay coming out the pandemic. We have some confidence that they're going to actually be able to get back to growth and get back to profitability, taking a bunch of cost out of the business and they're doing a lot of the right things. So, we feel good about it. It's too early for me to talk about where they’re going to be kind of mid-term. We’ve talked about, we need to see profitability from that business next year. We expect to exit the year profitable in Cromwell and that's going to be kind of a big check point for us, but there's a lot of positive signs that we will be able to do that.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, I won’t go into too many details Adam. Thanks for the question. I would just say that we’ve used some analytics to determine where discount works and where it doesn't work. And that has allowed us to be more targeted in our discounting to acquire new customers, and that is a big part of what the benefit and improvements are.
D.G. Macpherson: I think its two things Adam. I think it’s skew expansion and I think it’s, to your point about the size of the customer from the revenue. It's repeat buying and the Zoro business is getting traction on doing better, getting repeat volume from customers and building relationships with existing customers more, and that's been a lesson that we're learning from the Japanese business, that they've done very, very well. Is how do you take – how do you take a customer who buys and actually turn them into a customer for a long time. And that's the other piece that the team is really working hard to drive, and those are the skew count and that are really the drivers of what we need to get.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, so what I would say there is a couple of things. One is, most of the new skews we’re adding are going to be third party. We already have access to Zoro through Grainger, Grainger skews. So most of them are going to be third party, not all of those. The other thing I would say is that if you look at - we look very carefully at sort of revenue per skew for different tranches of ads. We continue to see very high productivity and similar revenue per skew as we add items across the assortment at Zoro, and in fact, given the numbers of skews we’ve added over the last couple of years, if you look at those curves, you will get pretty confident that we're going to see a big lift over time as we continue to add skews given what we are seeing. So we're pretty confident about sort of revenue path and what skew expansion will add for that business.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, I mean we are seeing good activity with both large and local accounts. I would say that for us you're going to see, particularly in the second quarter you're going to see a bigger list with mid-sized and local accounts as a result of holding skews in inventory for hospitals and government agencies in the peak of the pandemic last year. So we turned off skews for a number of our customers to make sure that we can get the product to the most helpful place, and so that's going to be a big factor in what you see.
D.G. Macpherson: So, we haven't shared probably the full perspective. I think mix is likely to be, if at all slightly positive in the High-Touch business. It's slightly negative from the growth of the Endless Assortment. As a company level we would expect it to not be a huge lever either way, but we do we do feel like the mid-sized customers are likely to grow faster over the next several years. So, I think that will be a slight positive.
D.G. Macpherson: No, I mean I think our government team does a great job and we have great relationships with government customers. Their comp gets tougher you know in the second quarter for sure, and the third quarter given the pandemic activities. I would say, you know the initial flow last year at the pandemic hospitals were far and away the biggest demand and then government came in after that, but overall we are seeing really nice run rates with our government customers and expect that to continue.
D.G. Macpherson: Alright, terrific. Thanks for joining us. I really appreciate having you on the call. You know I would just reiterate that with what we've seen as we look through the last 18 months is certainly remarkable for all of us, but if you sort of boil it down, I think what we are likely to see is for us significant share gain over a two year period and I think our economics will be in a better place when we come out of this than when we started going into the pandemic at the end of 2019. We feel like we’ve got great customer relationships and our team has done a very nice job of providing good service through what has been a challenging time and we feel like we are really in a good place going forward. So, with that I’ll close, and I wish you all a fantastic day. Thanks for your time. Have a good day.
Christopher Glynn: Hey, thanks. The low double digits are again a daily outlook, clearly very good. I'm wondering what amount of lower pandemic product sales is that net out. I was sort of thinking 3% given the 50 basis point delta with the H.T.S. outlook versus the market for the present year versus your normal 3% to 4% outgrowth, but maybe you have a better way to frame it up.
Christopher Glynn: Well, basically your top line guidance has some you know headwind netted out from lower pandemic sales. I’m wondering what kind of the mid-point basis that that is.
Christopher Glynn: Okay, great. And just a point of clarification, I missed the revenue comments from the second quarter.
Dee Merriwether: Yeah. I mean the only thing we mentioned related to Q2 really was what we kind of lay out for High-Touch Solutions on page 9, which is between the range in April of 15 to 16.
Dee Merriwether: Sure. I mean, at the total company level we're expecting GP to be about flat year-over-year. I’d also reference you to you know – we really didn't size Q2. Specifically, we kind of talked about what we believe the size of the impact is this quarter, and that we do not expect an inventory adjustment to be actually any larger than the adjustment that we had in Q1. We are still selling through a lot of the pandemic product very well; however, as we go through the year, we really want to get back to focusing on non-pandemic through investing in inventory and serving our customers well, so you know based upon the sell through on whatever we have remaining, it will be the adjustments that we expect in the second quarter, because we really want to get past that and get back to much normal operating numbers on a go forward basis.
Dee Merriwether: So from a price cost perspective, I will go back probably to the earlier question and response, which is you know we're seeing some inflation in the market. You know we took some pricing actions earlier in the year. We continue to work with our supply base. You know on any increases we have a pretty rigorous cost process that we work with our suppliers based on facts and from an outlook perspective, if we continue to see any more inflation that we feel and deem as needed to be passed on to customers, we feel confident in our ability to do that and that is why from an outlook perspective we are targeting price cost neutrality for the year.
Dee Merriwether: Yeah, so you know we continue to share that there was a lot of noise last year in 2020 and you know last quarter and then now we talked about the fact that we believe our 2020 share gain was inflated due to the pandemic and so then this year as we lap that, our share gain will be less than that. It’ll be muted as we lap those one-time, you know non-repeating pretty large orders that we experienced last year. So that's why we put those two year metrics in. We think it's more reasonable, because it takes out some of the noise that’s not perfect and so yes, then this year based upon that, we expect to outgrow the market by 50 bps. But as you said, last year at 800 when you average those two to get to about 425, and that is still above the targeted goal we set of you know consistently growing 300 to 400 basis points above the market.
