Donald Macpherson: Yes, sure. So the headwind will largely depend on how long the pandemic goes. If you think about sort of 10 months of -- over 10 months of pandemic sales, we sold about $100 million incremental pandemic product. We feel like -- well, we know that the pandemic sales are very strong right now and will continue to be so. In the year, we would expect several hundred million, something like that, to be a headwind. We also expect to more than recover that in non-pandemic.  And Ryan, I would also comment that given the relationships we have with government and health care customers and the way pandemic sales were throughout the year, our incremental margins on pandemic sales were a lot lower than what we lost. On the smaller loss of revenue for non-pandemic. So we do expect profitability to improve, and we expect to have growth as non-pandemic recovers.
Donald Macpherson: So we expect the freight impacts to fall off in the first quarter in some way and certainly the second quarter as well. Although the freight environment remains tight. I mean, the reality is that more people are shipping product to their homes than ever, as you're probably aware of, and that has driven a fairly tight freight market, but we don't expect to be impacted all that much by that.  In terms of inventory adjustments, just to be clear, in the second quarter of 2020, we took a number of actions to try to get product for our customers to protect service. Many of those worked out; some did not work out as we expected. And we received that product in mostly Q3, I'd say. And so every week that goes by, we learn more. We expect it to match anything we take in inventory to the actual pandemic sales as we learn more, so we would expect that to be -- there's still to be some of those inventory adjustments in the first half of the year, but too slowly -- to fall off after that, basically. So yes, the ramp we show is more like what we'd expect to see, Ryan.
Donald Macpherson: Well, I mean, I think that most of what we have is pretty well understood and known at this point. So if we get to a point where the vaccinations work and the third quarter starts to look better economically and there's less pandemic product, that's generally the shape of how it will play out. Obviously, if the pandemic doesn't get better and we're still in a really elevated pandemic state, and pandemic is still a huge portion of our business, it would be somewhat less. It'd still improve over the year, but they'll be somewhat less as we exit the year than is shown in that slide.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. In the U.S., I think the way to think about it is we gained 800 basis points of share in 2020. 250 of that, we think, is non-repeating. So you'd say 550 is what we think is real share gain. If we gained 400 basis points of real share gain ex those orders, you'd subtract 250 from that, and we'd be at 150 in the year, and across the 2 years, we'd be 950.  I think the two year story, I think the main point here is that, and I hear it from customers every time I talk to them, and I talk to customers every week at a minimum, we are viewed very favorably in terms of how we've handled this. And certainly, we took extra risk with inventory, and it certainly had an impact on our GP. But we are in a great position from a relationship perspective. And we will have a very strong two year share gain period, and we will exit those 2 years with very strong economics. And so for us, that's really the main point. And that's what we've always been trying to do. And so yes, you do have to subtract the 250. But in any case, it's going to be a very strong share gain over those 2 years.
Donald Macpherson: Yes, we expect it to go. It was low single digits, so we expect closer to mid-single digits in2021 and high single digits in 3 to 4 years -- 3 to 5 years. That time range.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean -- so I mean, a lot did go right? But there are certain categories where supply-demand has changed dramatically since that point, when if you wanted to buy product for your customers, you had to pay -- you had to buy in very large quantities at inflated cost. I would say there's a very narrow range of SKUs that fall into that category. They're all PPE, Deane, that fall into that category that have become the reason for the inventory restatement. It's not like it's hundreds of SKUs. It's a very narrow set of SKUs. And if you ask me, would I do it again? I'd say, yes. I think it was the right decision. A lot of those products are sold to customers and kept them safe. But certainly, you're seeing the impact in terms of the inventory adjustments at this point.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I think it's not going to happen that way, primarily because it's not a broad-based sort of all segment impact. So I think what you're going to see is certain segments turn on. We've already seen manufacturing come back relatively strongly as the year progressed and into 2021. So we've certainly seen some restock. We don't get a lot of restock given what we sell, but we certainly have seen volumes pick up with manufacturing. We still are in a very challenged state with hospitality, airlines, cruise lines, those types of things. And so I think what's going to happen is certain segments seem to turn on as we recover here and they don't all turn up once. So you probably don't see a huge sort of restock, you see more of a phased restock as we go. That would be my expectation. Although if you ask the next person, they may have a different answer.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean, I think it's a great question. So first of all, let me be clear, we expect to provide as much transparency into Canada as we did before the resegmentation. It's quite easy to provide you with the numbers you need to understand what's going on in Canada.  Secondly, though, I would say the performance in Canada last year was pretty good. We've seen growth now in December, and January was good for Canada, which is the first time we've seen that in 4 or 5 years. We have very good customer feedback when I talk to customers there. The feedback is very, very good. Our cost structure is in the right place. We have stabilization in gross profit ex some of the inventory efficiency issues we talked about this quarter, which are not operational. So we feel like the business was roughly breakeven last year in the midst of a pandemic. We actually think it's on a very good path. And we think in the next several years, it's going to be profitable, growing part of the portfolio. We've taken all the hard action now, and we are grinding out customers, and we aren't losing contracts anymore. I mean, it just feels very, very different. And I think we've also built some deep customer relationships through the pandemic. So it's going to be a profitable part of the North America portfolio, albeit not as big as it once was, but it will start growing now, is our expectation.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. Well, so -- and I think this is 1 where you really need to segment. There have been a few categories that have been -- where supply-demand has been impacted by the pandemic that have had very large cost increases and everybody's taking price increases on those categories. And we are no different.  In general, inflation is still fairly modest, and we think that price cost mix will be neutral over time and maybe a little better given our starting position. So we aren't seeing -- we're seeing, in some categories, huge cost increases and everybody is adjusting prices on those. And then for the rest, we're seeing modest price inflation, and we are seeing some early signs of pretty decent price cost mix.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. That is generally the right framework. Again, we would, year-over-year, be hampered a little bit because of some of the outgrowth. We said 250 basis point outgrowth that was really onetime orders. But yes, that's generally the long-term framework. And then -- sorry, you asked a question at the beginning there. The short answer is that the curve that we showed on I think on Slide 15 takes the account sort of what we think the risks are with any inventory. So that is already embedded in that curve.
Donald Macpherson: Well, let me clarify a few things there, and I think I can answer the question in the process. So when we've talked about remerchandising as a priority, that is mostly in the Grainger brand. So that is mostly making sure that we have very highly curated product data so it is easier for our customers and team members to find product than anybody else on the roughly 2 million items we would have in the U.S.  With Zoro, we are expanding the offer. You don't have as much curation with that model. You couldn't possibly, given the number of SKUs we have. What happens when you add SKUs is you get growth. And you get customer acquisition first, and then you're able to get repeat buy. And that does not add much expense to the business. So you do, as you grow, get fixed cost leverage with that investment in product SKUs. That isn't the full story. Part of the full story is we're also growing with existing customers and getting repeat buy, and that adds to some of the fixed cost leverage as well. Hopefully, that answers the question, Nigel.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean, so just to -- in terms of contribution to revenue, I would say new customers, repeat rates were good. They're still a fairly small portion of the outgrowth, but we think it gives us a chance to -- we certainly grew the customer file. We don't -- we typically provide that information with Zoro. With Grainger, we don't often provide too many details on that. I will say the customer file is bigger and we have more repeat buy customers that were new in 2020 than we've had in years. So -- and I'd also say, to be honest, we're getting a handle on what that means and how to make -- convert them to be consistently buying customers. So it's a little early to understand sort of the long-term impacts of that.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So that's a great question and mostly unanswerable, I would say. So let me give you some customer examples to give you a sense. So when the pandemic hit in Q2 of 2020, we are the largest industrial safety supplier. We are used to selling things like N95. We are not used to selling N95 to hospitals, just to be clear. Hospitals haven't historically been big users of N95. N95s typically go into places like grain elevators and dirty manufacturing processes. So all of a sudden, all of our product was being shifted to hospitals and governments.  We have gotten back to a more normal mix across what we call pandemic product than we did before, but I think there's still a lot of messiness. There's still a lot of customers in the industrial economy that haven't come back and aren't using safety products maybe like they did before if they don't have the activity. So I think it's a really interesting question and one that is super hard to get at.  And I would also point out that there's a lot of safety products, even in hospital systems. Hospital systems, this year, have done incredible things to protect people, to save people. They have been unable to do a lot of the historical safety maintenance things that they might have done. They just have been full out -- many of them have been full out on COVID. And there's a backlog of things that they will need to do, fundings available, that they just haven't done.  So I think it's a really interesting question and one that is really hard. And I'm sorry to give you some anecdotes. But certainly, I have a lot of them, where I think there is some pent-up demand for normal pandemic product.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean, if -- and we haven't provided that. I will say that the $0.5 billion in non-pandemic that we were short in 2020, that probably has normal increment/decrement numbers that you've seen from us. The $800 million in pandemic that we sold above normal would have a lot lower incremental margins; quite a bit lower, maybe less than half, as you think about it, which sort of gets you to what happened to our overall slight decline in operating earnings for the full year. So that may be a way to sort of to allow you to sort of hunt and think about it.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. For the company -- and you can keep me honest if I say anything that doesn't make any sense. For the company, we expect the U.S. business, the high-touch model, to have fairly consistent, if not, consistent margins, gross margins over time. We expect to have SG&A growing at half the rate of growth. And that's kind of the earnings algorithm for that model. We expect the -- our model to continue to grow much faster than the rest at something like 20%.  If you just include the fact that those gross profits are lower than the average, that has a roughly 20-basis-point impact on the overall. So you might see a slight decline in overall GP and a slight decline in overall s G&A, given that, that business also has lower SG&A, but it should be fairly stable once we get through this.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So I would point out that we continue to see -- and even the last quarter, we continue to see very strong results from our midsized customers. So even if there's some pressure with large customers, we expect growth of midsized customers to continue to exceed that. And so that should help us there too.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. Yes. I think there's a few dynamics. One is that in 2020, I think it's important to recognize that, particularly in the second quarter. We -- because of how we prioritize supporting health care systems and governments, we had less product for a while there with midsized customers. So our midsized customer business took a bit of a dip. There were also more closed midsized businesses during that period. We've seen that slowly come back, not fully back yet, but we do expect normalcy with midsized customers, and we have baked in significant share gain with that group. We don't have huge outgrowth in 2021. The pandemic, we think, is going to be a factor in the first half of the year, but we think we will exit the year with the midsized customers growing faster than March, which does -- which is baked into our gross profit assumption.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean, I'd say, yes, is the answer. We -- the business has done well in terms of customer acquisition, revenue path. It's got a healthy gross profit for a business that's relatively new. And Masaya and the team are working hard to make that a scalable business, and we still have some positive expectation there that, that is going to be a success story. As you know, the U.K. market was probably more impacted this year than some others. But certainly, we've seen continued growth through this cycle with our U.K. business and a lot of good signs.  So good. Well, thanks. I really appreciate everybody's questions. I'll just close by reiterating: We're viewing the pandemic is a likely two year events, and we expect to gain a lot of share during those two years, and we expect to have very strong economics exiting out of that. And I want to thank our team members and our customers for all we've worked together on to really put ourselves in a good position to have great relationships. Moving forward, and it's been an all hands on deck effort. So thanks to everybody. And I hope you stay safe, and I hope to see you, at some point, in person. Thanks.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. Thanks, D.G. So yes, I would say, if you look at the U.S. segment, which I think if you're talking about Slide 15, that over 90% of the impact, the sequential impact from Q3 to Q4 was all pandemic-related headwinds. And D.G talked about -- and I spoke a little bit about our mark-to-market adjustments. I would say, if you look at the full year -- I know you asked a sequential question, but if you look at the full year for the U.S., I will say about half of our full pandemic impact was related to our inventory adjustments.
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. I think you said most of it there, but I would just say, generally, I think our long-term view to have SG&A be at half the rate of sales will be the continued focus. But this year is going to be kind of wait and see. And as D.G. noted, we're very focused on being very prudent with our costs. And I think it's all going to really depend upon how this pandemic progresses. But I think we would slowly start to see expenses tick up as we get closer to normal levels. But -- of activity in the overall market with our customers. But if we don't see us getting back to normal, we will still be very prudent with our expenses.
Deidra Merriwether: No. Again, I was just going to add to D.G. that I would agree with that. And that coming out of the pandemic, I think we would look for a much more stable and potentially more accretive margins on the high-touch than what we've seen over the pandemic.
