D.G. Macpherson: Thanks for the question, and the answer to that question is no. In terms of inventory position, we've been able to serve both the High-Touch model and Zoro well throughout this period. What I would say is that if you're thinking about Zoro's growth, there's a couple of things that are impacting Zoro 's growth rate in the quarter and they will get better as we move forward.  One was last year we opened up in the third quarter, the safety products to Zoro and as a result, customer acquisitions and revenue were extremely high and a lot of the customer acquisitions were consumers as well as people are just looking and scrambling to find product.  The other thing is we've been very clear and focused on attractive business acquisitions. And as a result, we have shut off some channels for acquisition that weren't as profitable long-term. And that's going away moving forward as well. And so that's been a bit of a drag on Zoro, but it hasn't been because we haven't been shipping product from Zoro. We've been serving customers well across both models.
D.G. Macpherson: Sure. That was a big part of the reason for resetting prices, was we had gone through a long period of decline with mid-sized customers. And here we're really talking about mid-sized customers that have some sort of mechanical complexity. So, think about mid-sized manufacturers or companies that really value some of the technical products support, search capabilities of the Grainger model.  Obviously, since the price reset, we've captured a lot of that back. We're still fairly significantly below our high point with mid-size customers. We feel like we've got a long runway ahead of us. We're getting smarter all the time. We're not seeing much cannibalization with Zoro. Zoro tends to focus on smaller businesses and businesses that are maybe a little narrower in what their needs are, and so they tend to segment to different types of customers more.  The Grainger midsize customer typically has fairly high mechanical complexity or complexity of some type. And so, we are really pleased with what we're seeing. I would say I think we went from 2 billion to less than 1 billion in that space over a 10-year period, and now we've covered some of that, we haven't covered all that, we think we can get back above 2 billion, so we think we've got a long runway ahead.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Get it. Both of those things are correct. So, in Japan, they got a really slow start to vaccinations and had fairly hard shutdowns over the summer, and they've rectified their problem. They now have pretty high vaccination rates and we're starting to see more activity with larger manufacturing customers, in particular in Japan.  So, we are seeing some improvement there and expect to see that continue. With Zoro, yes, we have effectively lapped some of the actions we took to focus more on profit and customer acquisitions so both of those things should help us moving into the fourth quarter.
D.G. Macpherson: Let me try to answer the question. We generally try to think about managing cost as well as we possibly can. We are obviously working with our suppliers on a constant basis in this environment to make sure that we are taking cost increases that makes sense and pushing back things if they don't make sense. Our spires have been great about working with us to find the right path for cost increases. And then on transportation, sort of the same thing.  We really are focused on understanding what cost increases are reasonable in working with our suppliers and our partners to get the right outcome. We priced the market. I think in general when you have inflationary periods, not this type of inflationary period but normal inflationary periods, we've historically probably been able to take market price increases and not have as much cost increase or have it delayed.  And so, we will sometimes have a period of advantage. I think right now given the pace of cost increases, I think we're pretty well matched and we'll continue to be pretty well matched. And that's our expectation given there has been a lot of off-cycle cost increases and we've been able to price this through as we go. I would say I don't think there's a big gap right now, or a big benefit right now. We're just -- it's a fairly wild time obviously in the supply chain, and we're -- I think we're navigating through it well.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, you know, I guess the probably can't talk about all the details, but there's challenges at every stage of the supply chain at this point. And so, I think the amount of work that's required to navigate here is much more than you would find in a typical setting. One of the things we did do is we saw some challenges coming on the horizon, we actually pretty ordered a bunch of products early in the year, try to get inventory and we have been able to build some inventory throughout the year.  Maybe not as much as we'd like, but we have been able to build some inventory that helped us. Our supplier management team and product teams are working very closely together to find -- make sure we've got the right substitute products so we can serve customers if there's a gap in a particular supplier that can't provide us the product. We are actively prioritizing product coming off of Asia.  We have up-wages and distribution centers and gotten staffing right, so we are basically clean, consistently now, which is good. That was a little bit a bit of a challenge back in May. So basically, if you follow the supply chain view at every single step, we are working it every single step of the way. And there's really no other path right now but just to make sure we are executing as well as possible at using our agility and our scale to try to make sure we can service our customers, and we've done that well.
D.G. Macpherson: Deane, to your question, clearly Zoro had very high price costs leverage given the GP improvement. Like we said, some of that's just segment-specific, which customers they're acquiring and how they're thinking about acquiring it. But we do expect their most assortment to continue to have strong profitability and profitably improvement in Zoro.
D.G. Macpherson: Sure. We continue to -- the Keep Stock is really a critical portion of our business. It's been -- a portion of our business has been obviously busy throughout the pandemic. We've had access to all of our customer inventory, well, not all but the vast majority of customer inventory locations and have continued to serve customers well through Keep Stock. We have put in a number of improvements to help us be more effective in planning. customers inventory and fulfilling customers inventories to Keep Stock.  We continue to get significant growth out of Keep Stock. Certainly, heavy manufacturing has come back this year. It's been very, very good for our Keep Stock business and that because of the heavy Keep Stock area. I won't talk too much about what we're investing in, other than to say we are investing significantly in improved software capabilities to enable us to provide better service to customers and better analytical insights to customers. And that's going to be a continuous focus for us around the Keep Stock area.
D.G. Macpherson: I'll just get past it. Cromwell is a relatively -- it's obviously not a huge business for us, but it's an important one in terms of understanding whether we can get the growth we need to get in the U.K. I said, UK market has been challenged. Team's done a nice job of improving service and serving customers through this time. They have over the last few years, they will consistently lower the loss.  And we feel like it's a business that has a potential to be a strong contributor from a profit perspective over time. But we still have some work to do. But I would say that they've reset their cost structure, they're providing great service to customers, and they have lowered their losses over the last few years. And we would expect them to show profitability coming out of 2022.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, so on the second half of that question, we have 8 million skews today, we would expect to get to 10 million in the next couple of years at a minimum. And whether or not it goes to 15 or more is probably still open for debate, but we know we've got a long way to go to get the skew count t right. In terms of the competitive market, it's really very, very broad online. It's big Internet players. It's certain marketplaces.  Customers sometimes buy through smaller local retailers as well. And so, there's a very broad competitive set when you look at small businesses and how they buy, sometimes they buy through hardware stores.  And it's pretty fragmented today and there's a lot of different options for small businesses to buy MRO products. And so that market in particular super fragmented. And so, we feel like we're growing and gaining share from a number of different sources, but it's not like there's one or two players that are dominating that space, it is very, very broad in terms of competitive set.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, I think if you look at the long history of MonotaRO you start to understand the limits. Obviously that business has gone from nothing to over $2 billion and has a very long history of growing very, very quickly. But 20% has been a number that they've been at for a long time.  Most of that has to be -- is really about making sure that you have the process' systems in place to acquire attractive small business customers or business customers. And then you have to work very hard to get them to repeat and to become regular purchasing customers. And that is not something that throwing a whole bunch of money at necessarily helps.  You've got to be very targeted in how you're acquiring customers and you have to be targeted about how you're working in identifying what segment they're in and what matters to them so that you can actually get the growth that you want to get. So, it isn't an easy thing. It is a scalable business for sure, but our experience has been that the team's ability to build the capabilities, learn, and have high-quality growth, limits you at about 20% in many cases. And we've seen that through 
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah. I would say -- I would have different answers to MonotaRO and Zoro. Zoro, it's mostly around marketing data analytics systems. They've built much of their own system infrastructure now they continue to invest in systems.  The investments aren't huge physical assets in Minoterie, we have that plus you have given their growth and their size, they're going to be investing in the next 3 to 4 years, 5 years in pretty significant distribution center efforts as well. While we don't talk about that much, they have been exceptional actually building physical assets to serve their customers and they have more of those investments that they will make over the next 3 to 4 years.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah, it's a great question. I think the reality is that when you are out served customers that becomes a pretty sticky growth. It always has been in our business. And so, when you're able to have better service than the market in general, typically you see a fairly long-time horizon when you can continue to grow.  Right now, I'd say our customers are having all conversations with us about the sustainability of the supply chain, and how we can leverage our capabilities to help them grow into the future. It certainly doesn't feel like this is a one and done advantage. It feels like people are trying to figure out how to make sure that they can function really effectively going forward, or having all conversations about how to help customers lower their processing costs, improve their inventory management, the core things that we typically work on with customers we are really engaged with right now.  So, I would just say that we feel like certainly there'll be some of this -- we talked about that last year, having pandemic products, some of our very outsized share growth last year was not going to repeat. But the 475-basis point per year share growth feels like that's repeating. And it feels like it's sustainable in terms of the volume that we've captured as sustainable.
D.G. Macpherson: Sure. I would say that inside sales have -- have had a really nice bounce - back this year. They cover ed customers last year, obviously, some of which have been struggling. But we've seen a really nice revenue path with inside sales. One thing I would point out is that during the pandemic, we have been fairly locked in our coverage. And the reason is we wanted the relationships to be stable as customers went through the pandemic.  And so, we haven't invested a lot more, and we haven't invested any less. In inside sales, we consider it to be an important part of our future, and we've liked the results we've had. But given the pandemic, we haven't really changed coverage anywhere during the pandemic. We're talking about adding some coverage, potentially in the future. But we'll talk about that as we head into the future. But so far, it's been a very stable and nice growth path for us this year. The inside sales team.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, yeah. I mean, I think what you saw is that the shifts we've made in terms of how we're acquiring customers and focusing on acquiring really strong business customers, has helped gross margin more than the third-party shipping has had it.  Third-party shipping will be a small drag we think over the next several years, as it becomes a bigger portion of the mix, but we still think we've got ways to continue to improve gross margin. We've seen that this year in the hold, whole gross margin closer to steady moving forward.
D.G. Macpherson: It's a growing portion of sales. I don't think we typically talked about that number. We'll probably talk about that at the end of the year when we talk about the path moving forward.
D.G. Macpherson: Contracts can be of different durations. They can be 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 years. I'd say 3 years is a more common version. But in general, when we set contracts, we set specific times, multiple times a year, when we can alter price either up or down based on market Conditions. So most of our contracts have the ability to reset price multiple times during the year. 3 times a year is the most common number of times you can reset price.
D.G. Macpherson: Great. Well, thanks everybody for joining us, we really appreciate it. Hopefully you can tell we feel good about the quarter, but more importantly, I think we feel good about how we're growing, how we're gaining share, our ability to navigate the supply chain issues, and still continue to invest in core initiatives that we think are going to be important to our long-term success. So, we feel really good about the path forward as well. Wish all of you a safe Halloween, and look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks so much.
Dee Merriwether: And D.G., I would just add as it relates to contribution to gross margin. In the quarter it helped us about 10 basis points. And based upon the difference in the large growth rate versus the medium growth rate, if this around that amount, 10% versus 19%, 10% of gross margin, basis points improvement is reasonable.
Dee Merriwether: Well, I can take that D.G. Our focus right now is making sure that we can continue to serve customers well. Some of the rampage you've noted is due to some of the actions we took last year to really have tight cost controls around that time period. So when -- I think a good measure is probably to look at our 2019 costs and look at some of the SG&A leverage we have been able to gain over that time period since we haven't provided maybe real guidance related to 2022 yet.  But that's how we're focusing on it. And we are still looking to continue to gain leverage as we head into 2022. Very similar to what we were doing around 2019-time frame is the best I'd be able to tell you at this point in time. But we are not getting off the fact that we're focused on continuing to gain SG&A leverage over the longer term.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. Yeah. We don't measure EA on price, cost basis, so that's why you don't hear us talk about total Company price costs. But the thing I will say is, all of the segments and all of the businesses are very focused on 1, maintaining price competitiveness, and 2, in this inflationary period, being able to pass on cost to customers. So that is a consistent tenant for us, so that is what I can say. And the other thing I would say.
Dee Merriwether: We did take some pricing actions in September. And we saw some good results there, and also through the month of October thus far. So, we expect that momentum to carry us through Q4. And like always, D.G. mentioned our supply management team is continuing to work with our supply base on what increases look like for 2022. And we expect to continue. We do get more costs to pass that through early in Q1.
Dee Merriwether: Sure. So was trying to get some contact since we are not talking about 2022 at this point, just to help you understand that we're focused on gaining leverage and back in 2019, we had set out a path to say that we were looking to continue to focus on growing expenses less than sales. So that's the tenant that I was trying to articulate since we are not giving guidance on 2022 at this point.
Dee Merriwether: So, we are capturing price inflation in all areas. I would say with customers that primarily by on web price, and we've contract customers. Earlier in the year, we talked about the fact that it would be a little lumpy because of the timing as it relates to when we could pass on price with customers, but similar to some of the actions that D.G. articulated, that we are executing as it relates to supply chain.  That also goes for the commercial teams, as they are working with customers to pass on price. So, we're close to the end of the year now and a lot of those discussions that both our sales team and then online, we've been able to pass on these costs pretty effectively. So that applies to contract customers, as well as web-based customers.
Dee Merriwether: This is Dee, I'll start off. We like our credit rating, of course, and we don't see any big changes related to our capital allocation strategy. We did provide guidance that from a share buyback, we thought we would be somewhere between the 600 to 700 million range for the year. And we think we're going to be at the high end for this year. And so no real, I would say changes to our philosophies that we've had in the past, that's working well for us.
Dee Merriwether: The only thing I'd add there is that on the quarter, Clan well was able to cut their losses year-over-year, and we expect them to come close to cutting them in half, which is what the focus has been, year-over-year.
Dee Merriwether: Yeah. What I would say is, we're pretty confident, and that's why we continue to focus on showing you where we've come from and where we're going in the decks, and continue to talk about it.  But the two biggest factors that really give us confidence is the product mix. Where we are versus last year, we were at -- in the U.S., we were at 28% on pandemic, and now we're at 22% and trending as we would expect. And then price, which we've talked quite a bit about here today. So, I noted earlier that we implemented some price increases in September, and the realization in September and October is looking good.  We expect that to continue through the fourth quarter, and we expect it to cover costs that we have visibility to. And as it relates to anything else related to supply chain challenges, D.G. talked a lot about that. We are very focused on it and we believe our scale puts us in a unique position to deal with some of those challenges today. We have good availability and we're managing the cost process well, so I think we're pretty confident.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. I was about to jump in Sorry. I'm not seeing a big difference between customers. I would say at this point, I think especially during this time our product availability is really what is at the forefront of some of our relationships, whether you are midsize, large local or large contracts. In addition to the things that D.G just noted related to the way we serve customers in a multichannel way, right now, I think there's also boarding very well for us.  In addition to how easy it is for them to find the products on our website, which time is money for a lot of these customers. Right now, they are dealing with a lot of challenges, like we are experiencing, and I think that availability is what's really making the big difference. Even for large contract customers, there is some inflexibility in some pricing, but we do have more flexibility right now than I would say we've had of late.
Dee Merriwether: You just said it there at the end, Q3 was better than what we expected. We had improved mix and improved price, and that favorability of flooring through the full-year EPS for us. And revenue, that volume coming through with that price was better than what we expected.  And so just to reiterate the total Company expectations, we've  that through to talk to you about where we expect to be on a four-year basis, Revenue being stronger and so then we said that we're going to be at the midpoint of the range there. And then for everything else, I reiterated that at least with these results, that we would be low end up to the midpoint. We've tried to pull in the improvement that we saw in Q3.
Dee Merriwether: Yeah, it's not a change. It's just in relation to the fact that our sales are up and as a result of that, that's driving accounts receivable up as well.
