Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Kyle. Good morning and thanks for joining the call. 2024 started well. As we remain grounded in the Grainger Edge, we are focused on starting with the customer and staying focused on what matters most. I've seen this play out in several ways throughout the quarter. In February, we hosted the Grainger Show in Orlando. Over 10,000 of our customers, suppliers and team members came together to showcase the products and solutions that Grainger offers. It remains a great opportunity to work together with our partners to solve customer problems. We've received great feedback on progress since the event. I've also had the opportunity to meet with a diverse set of customers from many industries. It has been great to see how the Grainger team continues to deliver value and further embed into our customers' operations. During a recent visit to a musical instrument manufacturer, I had the chance to see how our team partnered with the customer to help them standardize their product portfolio to lower cost and improve efficiency. This included leveraging our strong supplier relationships and expanding our KeepStock solution to ensure they have the right products in the right locations. I also spent time with a large public health system, which is in the process of building a new hospital. Throughout the project, we supported their operations as they transition to the new facility, ensuring products remain readily accessible across the campus. By supporting this customer throughout the significant change, we deepened their trust in Grainger and allowed them to focus on their area of expertise, patient care, while we took care of their MRO needs. Across all my visits, it's clear that we continue to show up well for our customers. Based on what I've seen, while each industry dynamic is different, overall demand for MRO products has remained soft but generally steady to start the year. Inflation remains a talking point with customers and suppliers and is turning out to be stickier than we had originally anticipated heading into 2024. Dee will provide details in a bit. Moving on to our first quarter performance. You can see we started the year largely as expected, delivering another year solid -- another quarter of solid results. Total company sales were up 3.5% or 4.9% on a daily organic constant currency basis with positive contributions from both segments. In High-Touch Solutions, we continue to advance our 5 key growth engines as we leverage our technology and data assets to unlock further value for customers. Within the Endless Assortment business, we remain focused on acquiring new customers and improving repeat purchase rates across the segment, and we made solid progress here in the quarter. From a profitability standpoint, total company operating margin was down as anticipated to 15.8%, a decrease of 80 basis points over the prior year. EPS finished the quarter roughly flat versus prior year at $9.62. Beyond the P&L, ROIC remained strong at 42.9%, and operating cash flow finished at record levels, which allowed us to return a total of $360 million to Grainger shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Lastly, I want to mention that yesterday, we announced a 10% increase to our quarterly dividend, marking the 53rd consecutive year of expected dividend increases, something we are very proud of. In addition, the Board refreshed our repurchase authorization, enabling the buyback of up to 5 million shares of common stock. These combined actions reflect our continued commitment to returning cash to shareholders through a balanced and return-focused approach. Overall, 2024 started off largely as expected, and the business continues to perform well. With this, we are reiterating our full year 2024 guidance. We are set up to have a strong year results for all stakeholders. I'll now pass it to Dee to go through the details. 
Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Dee. Grainger's ongoing success is made possible by our people. And I'm fortunate that I'm routinely able to spend time with our frontline team members. And it's clear that they are deeply connected to our customers, working side by side to help solve their most challenging problems. I believe this commitment to our customers is because of the emphasis we put on building a culture where every team member knows that they can make a difference. Earlier this month, Grainger was named to Fortune's Best Place -- Workplaces in 2024 for the third consecutive year. This is an exclusive recognition that honors companies with the best cultures and people, which is a perfect way to describe what we have at Grainger. I'm confident the team will continue to keep working towards our goals and delivering on the things that matter most for our customers, team members and all stakeholders in 2024 and beyond. With that, we will open the line for questions. 
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So I'll provide a few comments, and then Dee can provide any details. So as you mentioned, inflation has been a bit stickier than we expected. Originally, we thought inflation would be 0% to 1%. It's likely to be 1% to 2% at this point. That outlook is lower than the headline PPI index because our industry-specific factors are different than the PPI index, and that difference has contributed to lower market outgrowth the last few quarters. And we do see these short-term disconnects from time to time. We saw it in 2022 as well. But they smooth out over time. We are a little late to judge the increase in prices this year. And so we are taking action 5/1. We price a 5/1 cycle, and that cycle is going to correct -- make some corrections. I think that's well in motion, and that's already basically executed and will start happening next week. I think, importantly, when you strip out the lumpiness from pricing, our volume outgrowth has been very good, something like 400-plus basis points. So we continue to see nice volume growth. And we think the pricing will correct. It's just a timing thing. 
Donald Macpherson: No, we don't have any change. I think we will still have a bit of a headwind for consumers, B2C and B2C-light customers through the second quarter. We think that will go away as the year moves on, and that could become a positive. But generally, that's all built into the 7% to 10%. 
Donald Macpherson: Yes. They're progressing well. Most of the focus is on -- so Zoro has always been a very good acquirer of new businesses, and they continue to do that well. We look at the Japanese business and Zoro when we compare notes, and the repeat business has been lower historically at Zoro than it's been at Japan. But we steadily increased that. And that is a lot of sort of marketing science, looking at what to present to customers after the first order, how to understand who those customers are, presenting the right products and the right offers after we get that first order.  So most of it is around marketing actions that we're taking. And the Japanese team and the U.S. team are working very closely to make sure we transfer best practices and drive repeat rates up. And we see good results for the last -- probably the last 6 months actually in terms of improved repeat rates. 
Donald Macpherson: I would say that it's all planned. There hasn't been any change in the path. And we invest in many ways, I'd say. But from a cash perspective, supply chain investments, we've talked about the new building in the Northwest and Houston. Those are in full swing. We also invest in technology. That's the other primary investment we make from a cash perspective. And then from an expense perspective, marketing is a big part of it. We invest up and down the marketing stack. We invest in advertising. We invest in paid search, of course. And then we invest in what we call mid-funnel, which is more targeted direct marketing with our customers. And what I would say is that we're constantly evaluating the returns on those and making minor tweaks, but what you're seeing today is just normal planned spend. 
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So what I would say is that they're both relatively small for us. And so in utilities in particular, there's a single customer that has had some challenges, and that has had a big impact there. So it isn't really a sector. We don't play big enough in utilities to really be a sector barometer. So I would say it's sort of noise there. 
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean a lot of the things that we're doing around the business, certainly, we have a supply chain that's built very effectively for both large and midsized customers. We have a lot of our resources attached to large customers, all of our sales force, our inventory management teams and some of our support teams. And that is the lion's share of our revenue. Since we made the price change in 2017, we've recaptured virtually all of what we had lost in midsize customers. And certainly, the marketing initiatives have been helpful for that. The merchandising initiatives have been helpful for that in terms of helping us regain that share. We continue to grow faster with midsize customers than large, and we expect to do so for a long time. And there's a number of initiatives that we have that are supporting that. Although I would say most of our initiatives raise all boats, I mean, we do a lot of things that sort of scale across the entire business. 
Donald Macpherson: No, I don't think there's any change in outgrowth expectations. We talked earlier, if you weren't on, about the fact that price in our market has been a little lower than PPI. Sometimes the broad metrics may not track exactly to our market, but that evens out over time. But our volume growth has been very strong through the quarter, and we're taking action to improve the pricing environment starting May 1. So I think really there's -- we don't think there's really any change dynamic. 
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I mean -- so we've been on a several year journey to improve our customer information. What I would say is customer information in our market is really messy. So there isn't clean data sources that tell you who customers are and what they do and how many team members they have and that type of thing. So we've been building our own. What I would say is it's been super helpful with some of the seller coverage changes we've made. We're now building in some of our marketing processes. So it has a lot of tentacles in the business, and we're excited about the ability for the tool has been built to be leveraged to improve our ability to serve customers. 
Donald Macpherson: Yes. Thanks. What I would say is that we are very focused on productivity improvements throughout the business. I think we are seeing productivity improve. The last few years have been a bit odd, to say the least, in terms of some of the challenges that everybody has had to deal with. And we have really sort of refocused our attention on getting better, getting more productive in every part of the operation. We're going to continue to do that. In terms of demand generation spending, I think you're asking specifically if it's worth spending in good times, it's probably worth spending in bad times, too. So we wouldn't typically pull back those things. We think that we exist for the long term and we're trying to win over the cycle, not just in the down cycle. So we would expect to not have dramatic changes in what we spend, but we do expect to continue to drive productivity. 
Donald Macpherson: All right. Thanks for joining, everybody. Really appreciate it. I would just highlight that in general, I would say everything in the quarter was as we expected, and we feel very confident in the path we're on. There's not a lot of new news in this quarter, but we do feel good about the path. We do feel good about our ability to gain share, to become more productive and to make sure we remain price/cost-neutral over the long term. So all things point to really good results for the year. So appreciate the time. Thank you. 
Deidra Merriwether: So yes, I'll start with the first part of your question. So the majority of MonotaRO's COGS are in the end. They do have some U.S.-denominated, but it's a much smaller portion of their COGS. And they've done a really nice job over the last several years of being able to pass on inflation through price to account for the disaggregation between the yen and the dollar. As it relates to -- I think you kind of talked about when we then consolidate the business, you have the tax effect that impacts us. And then we just end up really with [ one ] to eliminate noncontrolling interest, just have the translation risk. And we generally, from a philosophical perspective, don't attempt to hedge translation risk because it's not real economic risk for us. 
Deidra Merriwether: Sure. Yes. I think the first 2 statements you made were correct. And as we look at the balance of the year, starting in the second quarter with the actions that D.G. noted that we are in the process of taking, we expect price/cost to continue to improve from here. And we expect to end the year close to price/cost-neutral. So that team is working really hard, making sure they're following our 2 core tenets, which is, first and foremost, remaining price-competitive, but then also looking through our assortment and estimating the continued cost increases that we're going to experience that we can time that as close to possible as we can so that we can end up price/cost-neutral. 
Deidra Merriwether: So I would say it was a couple of things. So one, D.G. talked a little bit about like misjudging the path of inflation here. We started to lower some prices at the end of last year. And so probably did that a little too quickly. And then when we started and assessed the 2024 increases in Q1, probably a little softer there. We have a range of outcomes that we attempt to plan for, as everyone else. And we're looking at market outlooks that are continually changing. It's something that we have to deal with every year and we work really hard to get close to -- as close as possible as we can to something that we could definitely execute and hit. And so we also have a range of COGS outcome or cost outcome from our suppliers. And so I'd say the second thing is some of those cost outcomes from the range that we said is coming in a little bit higher than what we had anticipated. 
Deidra Merriwether: So we expect to maintain the course on our capital allocation strategy. We feel it's been working well for the investment community. It helps us maintain good level of financial flexibility. But we're targeting to return any excess cash after we have invested to drive long-term growth back to shareholders in the form of the dividend and share repurchase. Those 2 vehicles, we feel, are both efficient for us and efficient for shareholders. 
Deidra Merriwether: Deane, so yes, let me start with the last one, which is January weather. So I would say the impact of January weather for us, we started off a little slower than normal, and then it impacted the quarter a little bit. But by the time we got to the end of the quarter and started to ramp up, it's really immaterial for the overall quarter. And then moving to the -- I think you're referencing like the Good Friday holiday. It was about $10 million impact for us in March. And we laid out where we're at month-to-date, up [ 5.7 ]. So we feel like we're in pretty good stead starting off for the second quarter. 
Deidra Merriwether: Yes. No onetime items to call out in nature. I think as we provide color and provide the guide, we've been pretty consistent in noting that as we move through the year, we expect to continue to invest in demand-generating growth engines. And so a lot of the step-up in the quarter was investing in the areas that D.G. kind of called out a couple of questions ago, sorry if you missed that, like marketing and our investments and capacity, those -- that kind of fall into the expense line versus the marketing line. I will say that we are very diligent in our spending if it is what we classify as noncore, which is things that are not demand-generating. And those costs were fairly flat in the quarter. And we intend to -- we help those teams invest why they grow, they have to continue to focus on growing much lower than sales. 
Deidra Merriwether: Well, you would expect it to flow into April to the extent that we could pick that up, yes. And the answer is yes to your first question because I think you noted it excludes FX. 
