Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Tom. As I look forward to 2020 and beyond, I'm excited about the opportunities that we have in front of us. And I want to thank the Grainger team for their hard work and dedication. We’re well-positioned to continue to gain share in the U.S, to continue to drive 20% growth profitably in the endless assortment model, and to improve the rest of our portfolio. I’m confident in our ability to drive long-term value for all stakeholders. And I'm confident that we're going to continue to extend our lead in the industry. So with that, I will open it up for questions.
Donald Macpherson: So Ryan, I guess this is DG. Yes, so in the U.S. business, let's start there, our assumption is that we gained share 300 to 400 basis points faster the market. So if the market grows 2% through cycle, we'd be at 5% to 6%. At that, so what you see this coming year is a projection of market down half a percent, at that you see operating margins flat for the U.S. business year-over-year, so 2.5% growth flat operating margins. At 5% through cycle, we'd expect to get a little more leverage than the slight pressure on GP over time and see some expanding margins in the U.S. So I think it's a good -- this is a good sort of guide on the economics of the business at 2%, 2.5%, 3%, you're probably flat on operating margin in the U.S. If you get more growth than that you’re probably positive.
Donald Macpherson: Well I think I mean these are, to be clear Dave these initiatives on the left hand side in the U.S. are mostly rearview mirror initiatives in the sense that centralizing the call centers has gotten us increased service and lower costs. So we expect to continue to get lower costs. So that's one that you'll see in the SG&A line. If I looked at our order to cash process and customer feedback in the U.S. right now it is, it is at an all-time high, it got better this year significantly relative to the competition. So some of these moves have been around continue to improve service and you see that in supply chain capacity. Verticalizing the Salesforce, we think you're going to see in terms of part contributing to that 300 to 400 basis point growth faster than the market. And so it's a mix. A lot of these have been done already. When we go forward, we're going to start talking about some of the initiatives that are on Page 7. We’re merchandising assortments. I mentioned we merchandised $1.2 billion this last year, that's far more than we've ever done in a single year and will do $1.6 billion this year. We see that directly leading to sales growth. And we measure that very tightly, marketing both effectiveness to marketing and increased marketing budget we measure that very, very tightly. We know how much that contributes to growth. But the large customer initiatives that Tom talked about, we know how much that's leading to growth and what impact that has. So we’re tracking -- we are tracking everything. We wanted to put Page 5 together to say, there's been a lot of change in the business and we feel like we're in a good position to really drive the growth initiatives we're talking about.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So if you look at the cost structure, and I'll focus on the U.S. again, there's some big buckets of cost, where our expectation is that we will get productivity on a consistent basis. So in our distribution centers, we continue to automate, we continue to get process improvement to drive dollars costs per line down. In our contact centers, we continue to get productivity; we continue to get productivity in our salesforce through revenue per seller increases. Our expectation is that the cost increases that you talk about will be covered by productivity in those areas. And we basically have developed a process and an expectation and a philosophy that we will continue to drive productivity in each of those areas mostly through continuous improvement to basically offset those costs increases.
Donald Macpherson: And Deane I guess I would add to that, when we look at large customers, we track what we call economic earnings, which is a more sort of holistic view of the profitability of customers. And our goal is to make sure that we drive growth and profitable growth through that metric as opposed to just gross profit. So at times, we will take gross profit. It’s in the short-term if we're improving the cost structure elsewhere to provide the ability to consolidate customers and then provide value for those customers.
Donald Macpherson: I guess, I guess, Chris, I think maybe your question underneath the question is has the competitive environment heightened with large customers; I think it's always been competitive. And we will always be in a situation where we have to be effective in navigating that competitive environment. It doesn't feel like it's changed dramatically, but certainly it's competitive.
Donald Macpherson: I would say, Chris, that we have a lot of confidence in the value proposition that we have, our service is exceptional. Our customers want to do business with us. Over time, we think that we should be in a position to get price as much as anybody and to be able to continue to have very strong operating margins with our customers. So we’re confident in what we’re doing. In the short-term with trade and with the environment, it's been a little bit lumpy and clearly but we're pretty confident in the long-term ability to improve our margins.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So let me focus on Zoro and Cromwell, I think other than Zoro and Cromwell, we expect continued improvement in the businesses and we see a nice path. Cromwell we would expect this year to cut the losses roughly in half for this year, that’s our expectation. And I would say there's a couple of things going on at Cromwell. One is certainly the market has not been great and a portion of it has been related to that, a lot of it has been some service issues we had that we have completely worked through. We're hearing much better things from the marketplace, our net promoter score has gone from not very good to quite good actually. And the team is pretty excited about what we're doing. We have a new team over there; we're comfortable with the actions they're taking. Cromwell is interesting. If you remember why we bought Cromwell was as a platform for the online business, and because we thought it was good business. Zoro UK is actually doing quite well. And we would expect it to be profitable in 2021. So really by the end of the year, we should have a view as to whether or not both of those businesses can be successful and profitable. And that's -- that's when we will really sort of evaluate what we think we need to do. So as I mentioned beyond that in the prepared remarks, we have taken a bunch of costs out of that business. We have seen great service improvement; we have won a few contracts with customers recently. It gives us some confidence that things are coming back. But it's a steep climb get better. The investments in Zoro most -- a lot of those investments start to come-off this year. We made significant investments in the fourth quarter, some systems investments that had a few glitches, but we through them we expect improvement this year and then significant improvement again in 2021 with that business. And as I mentioned, we're excited to have Masaya Suzuki lead that business. He has been through this at the same point with MonotaRO and really feel like he's going to help that business accelerate performance going forward.
Donald Macpherson: Yes, Adam, so what I would say is that, we are privileged to see a very wide swath of the economy with our customers. We have not seen much, much change over the last eight months really; I would say we continue to see a market that is slow growth, but not trailing off in anything worse at this point. And the customer end market results that we've seen the last two quarters, our expectation is they won't be dissimilar to start the year and that they're likely to get a little better as the year goes along. That would be our expectation at this point, not much better, a little bit better as you're going along. So I don't -- we don't see anything all that is unusual in our end markets right now, we haven’t over the last couple of quarters.
Donald Macpherson: Yes, so midsize customers are actually less price sensitive and we continue to see much higher margins with midsize customers. We're trying to build -- build a growth so that can become a more meaningful portion of our portfolio. We continue to see the ability into the Grainger brand to acquire new customers. We continue to see growth with our existing customers through our inside sales team, and through fairly simple pricing actions. Our service model really sings things to midsize customers. We continue to get very loyal customers in through the funnel. We're digital first in the sense that most of our midsize customer acquisition comes through digital first touch. And then we do a lot of work to understand who the customer is, what their profile is and move them through the cycle in some cases to get them to coverage that makes sense for them. That has proven to be fairly successful. As Tom said, we expect it to go faster with midsize customers at higher gross profit than we will have with large.
Donald Macpherson: Well, I think the most obvious is we lost a lot of that business. If you remember we were kind of $1.6 billion in that business went down to 800 something million and now we're up over a $1 billion again. There's a lot of customers that we continue to reengage and a lot of our marketing efforts are proving to be very successful with these customers. And once we get customers back and they realize that we are not -- that we're reasonably priced, very high service solution, they are coming back and working with Grainger again.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So I mean I don't think -- I don't think the situations are at all now, I guess back then, we were losing share dramatically with higher margin customers. We’re not doing that now. Large customer business even back then was very competitive. Most of it was on custom pricing contracts that is still the same today. The large customer pricing -- the advantage we got through the price change was that some of the tailspin was easier to get large customers to sign-up for because they weren't buying things frequently then our prices then made sense that is still the case. We have super pricing discussions with our customers now. They are still competitive. They were competitive back then, they're still competitive now.
Donald Macpherson: I would say we are not deemphasizing midsize customers at all. We still think they will grow faster than large. We are making sure that we’re competitive with our large customers. And that's important, obviously given the size of that customer group for us. That is a bigger lever on growth at this point. And so we need to make sure that we are growing with both but we are not deemphasizing anything. We still think there's a long runway ahead from midsize customer.
Donald Macpherson: Now, we still have a premium with our list prices, we will continue to do that. It's a modest premium. And we'll continue to have that. And then I think the comment earlier was when you're going after large contracts on a portion of volume; you need to get pretty aggressive. And we've always done that. We just have to continue that.
Donald Macpherson: What I would say is that with Masaya now running this, we think we have a couple of years of really hard work to make sure that we are performing on a path like the MonotaRO businesses then in the U.S. and in the UK. That's our entire attention. We are fully aware of the question and but for right now, we're really focused on making sure we get the businesses to be as successful as possible.
Donald Macpherson: I'm sorry could you, I'm not sure I fully understand the question. So let me just tell you what we're doing and maybe that will help you help answer it. We are not creating a marketplace Ali Baba or Amazon, we actually will have supplier relationships that we have some of them direct ship to customers from Zoro, that's what we've done on MonotaRO. And so the GPs tend to be slightly less there but not dramatically less when you do that because we don't have big package ship, but it's not like it's a fee and that's all we're getting. So I think it's a different model describing.
Donald Macpherson: They'll get bigger, as they're successful, it will get bigger in space. It’s very small, it's a very small portion.
Donald Macpherson: Just to be clear, retail for us typically does not mean retail stores; it means warehouses attached to retail. And as you would guess that has continued to be a growing business in the U.S. as more stuff shows up at your door. So that's what's driving that growth. That is a growing thing.
Donald Macpherson: All right, thanks. I appreciate everybody being on the call. I would just reiterate we are really confident in our path. We feel good about sharing profitability in the U.S. We feel really good about the online model excited to have Masaya lead that and drive strong growth and profitability there. And we will get Canada and Cromwell right. But generally, I would say we're very excited about where we're going and appreciate you listening to call today. Thanks.
Tom Okray: Well, Ryan, there is really two things happening. I mean, one, it's just -- it's just the algebra of our endless assortment business unit getting much larger and growing at 20% and the gross profit profiles that that business has. So that's a very big portion of it, which is getting bigger obviously. And then one of our key growth initiatives is going after the large customers. And maybe just unpack that with a little example. Right now, we've been heavily focused on location-by-location basis. As we stated as part of our growth initiatives, we’re working more with the C-suite to try to get a broader, broader range of locations in terms of going after a bigger piece of the company's pie. And with that, initially you'll have to do some sort of write-down usually to gross margin as it relates to product mix as it relates to your offer. But then over time, there's plenty of levers to increase that gross margin whether it be with product substitution, standardization, reducing overall buy. So we're confident over time that we will improve the gross margin with those customers, but for 2020, we're being prudent in putting that in the guide.
Tom Okray: Yes, no first of all you've got to remember that we've got a ton of customers. So this initiative is in various stages of development by individual customers. So it's not like you snap the chalk line and you start everything at one-time. So when we're talking about short to medium-term, we're certainly talking about a lot of it will happen within 2021 timeframe. It's really building the trust embedding with the different large customers, so we can reach in mix, so we can have products, the substitution. So we can have standardization, those types of things. So I guess we would look at this as a transition year from 2020 for this initiative.
Tom Okray: I think another thing, important part to notice these are really large multi-site customers. So this is really hitting home runs versus hitting singles and doubles. So this is a very attractive business to get. And just launching off of DG’s comments, we can lever our SG&A at about 2.5% growth, so we can afford to take the time to develop these very important customers.
Tom Okray: I think the important thing when you talk about price is to look at it on the full-year basis. As we said in our prepared remarks, our pricing was very lumpy. You'll recall from previous calls, we were quite aggressive in Q1 and then we dialed that back in Q2 and Q3. We made a conscious decision not to raise price in the back half of the years as to not be disruptive to our customers. When you look at it on an entire basis of the full-year, our price cost was roughly neutral. So and we're happy with that.
Tom Okray: I guess there's always some tactical but I would say the majority is the latter. Some of it’s product mix within a given customer, some of it’s customer specific mix.
Tom Okray: It's difficult -- it's difficult enough to predict 2020 to try to predict 2021. Ideally, 2021, we would get back to a more a lesser decline in gross margin on a year-over-year basis.
Tom Okray: Sure. I’ll take the first part of the question first. Yes, definitely we would expect medium customers to grow faster than large. I guess the way we look at it is, large at about 300 bps faster than the market, mid-size about 500 bps faster than the market on the low-end. As it relates to the chart that shows large and mid-size, there's a service revenue component that is included in those charts for large and medium not to get too technical on you. But that is a very important part of our business. That is really embedding with the customer. On the U.S. segment that is reflected on a net basis meaning we adjust cost out. So that's the difference between the two numbers where you're always going to have large and medium be higher than the U.S. segment.
Tom Okray: So there is no reason we can't see the margin profile longer-term for Zoro be consistent with MonotaRO.
Tom Okray: Yes, basically we're looking at price cost to be relatively neutral. As we said in the prepared remarks, we've got the three variables that we're trying to balance, share growth, market competitiveness in terms of pricing, as well as passing on inflationary cost. And similar to this year, we're going to balance those, those three and we think we'll end up somewhere flattish from a price cost perspective.
Tom Okray: Yes, I think you're making too much about price as it relates to large customers versus just a normal business dynamic where you're going from individual locations to a much bigger piece of a total company. That's just -- there's going to be part of as DG says that you're going to have a certain part of the offer that's going to be priced aggressively to get your foot in the door.
Tom Okray: Yes, no, no, you heard it correctly. The front half of the year is definitely going to be a larger year-over-year decline than the back half. And that just is a lapping consideration where again, we were heavy on price at the beginning of the year in 2019. Costs didn't kick in until the back half of the year. So yes, that's the correct way to model.
Tom Okray: And as it relates to reportable segments obviously will follow all SEC regulations in terms of doing that.
Tom Okray: No, no. You rightly point out that it has been a little bit of a drag in 2018 and 2019. I would be disappointed if it didn't become more of a tailwind in 2020.
Tom Okray: Okay, that's a different question, sorry. Yes, there is a variable service fee that Zoro does pay to MonotaRO and it's based on their profitability.
Tom Okray: Yes, as we said in our prepared remarks, some of that was win dated related to supply chain efficiencies. I guess if I were to score it roughly, I'd say half of it will continue, half of it will fall-off.
