D.G. Macpherson: Thanks, Kyle. Good morning. Thank you for joining us today. I'm going to provide an overview of our third quarter performance and I'll pass it to Dee to walk through the financials. As I typically do, I'd like to start with our Grainger Edge framework, which guides our strategy and behaviors across the company and with our customer and supply partners. One of our Grainger Edge principles is to do the right thing. No word is that commitment more obvious than when we respond to the natural disasters. Grainger's long history of being there for our customers before, during and after a crisis strikes. Last month, Hurricane Ian destroyed parts of the US, most notably in Southwest Florida. Our team spent days, nights, and weekends on the front lines, working long hours to get essential products like generators, sandbags, and tarps to our customers. After the storm passed, our sellers on-site service representatives and branch team members are on the ground making sure we serve our customers, and many of them did this while balancing their own personal recovery efforts. We know the road ahead will not be easy, but the Grainger team will continue to be there to support the community as they recover and rebuild. Before I get into the financial highlights from the quarter, I want to talk a little bit about what I've seen and heard during my market visits with customers. I recently visited an outdoor equipment manufacturer that experienced a surge in demand during the pandemic. As consumers had excess cash and a desire to spend more time outside during COVID, they saw a major uptick in revenue. They're now facing a dip in demand as consumers begin to pull back on spending. I've also visited some of our aerospace customers where it's clear that business activity has picked up, especially in 2022 as COVID impacts have diminished. The industry is now making investments in new airplanes and other equipment to meet ongoing changes in business and leisure travel demands. All told, we continue to experience a dynamic market, with some industry still on the upswing, some that are stabilized, and others that are trending down. And while our customers will face different levels of impact as we navigate through this inflationary period, we know that Grainger wins because of our ability to add tangible value to our customers' operations through inventory management, digital solutions, and product substitutes. This has been true in past economic cycles, and we expect to continue as more and more customers turn to us for solutions, thanks to our relevant product offering, know-how, and advantaged supply chain. Turning now to our results. We performed very well in the third quarter with sales growth of 16.9% or 20.3% on a daily constant currency basis. This normalizes for the impact to the significantly depreciating Japanese yen. Our results this quarter include strong growth in both segments as we continue to execute well against our strategic priorities. We outgrew the US MRO market by 700 basis points in our US High-Touch business and delivered over 23% sales growth in Endless Assortment on a daily constant currency basis. Total company gross profit margin finished the quarter at 38.5%, expanding 145 basis points over the prior year third quarter. Profitability was strong throughout the quarter, was especially strong in the month of September as we benefited from a confluence of factors, including some timing benefits that provided a tailwind to gross margin. Steve will outline the details in a few minutes. Strong gross margin performance, coupled with solid SG&A leverage, helped us achieve 15.3% operating margin, an increase of 230 basis points over the prior year third quarter. We delivered adjusted ROIC of nearly 42%, up over 1,000 basis points compared to the same period last year. We also generated $380 million in operating cash flow and returned $286 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Due to the strong results achieved in the quarter and continued strong trends in October, we are again raising our 2022 full year guidance, starting with the customer and living our Grainger Edge principles is helping us deliver value to all of our stakeholders. With that, I will turn it over to Dee to discuss the details.
D.G. Macpherson: Thank you, Dee. Before I open it up for questions, I would make just a few comments. While this quarter brought more market fluctuation and potential uncertainty broadly, both our market and our performance was strong. I remain confident in Grainger's ability to create tangible value, deliver flawless experience, and gain share profitably over the long haul. We are grateful for our customers' continued confidence in Grainger. No matter what comes next, we will remain a trusted resource ready to help them navigate any cycle. I would also like to thank the Grainger team for all they've done and continue to do to support our customers. With our team's continued commitment to focusing on the things that matter, we are well poised to deliver a very strong finish to the year. And with that, we will open the line for questions.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Sure. So thanks, Dave. We have -- we talked at Investor Day, based on our improved customer information, we have been able to identify a potential to add some sellers. We've added them relatively small percentages overall to a couple of pilot areas that we're running now, and we expect to have results of that early in the year, and that will inform what we do going forward. We do think we're going to have the ability to consistently add sellers and also improve the effectiveness of sellers based on the information we've now built and have on customers. And so that's a pretty exciting path. We won't have details for you in terms of what that looks like in the aggregate probably until second quarter next year when we start to hear -- get all the results back from the pilots.
D.G. Macpherson: I was over there four weeks ago. I'll let Dee answer the sort of exact timing. But just to give you sort of a magnitude, they're operating two buildings in the Osaka area. The new ones, a six-story enormous building that is coming up to speed and getting up to the line volumes to take over entirely, and they expect that to happen mostly by the end of the year. The other one has been running at the same time. So, that's a duplicate cost. And Dee, I'll turn it over to you for the numbers.
D.G. Macpherson: I think that there's been a fairly significant increased attention to supply assuredness given what's happened in the last few years. And supply chain is improving. They've improved. They aren't fully back, but they are improving for sure, hasn't really changed those discussions. Customers still want to understand how they can make sure that they have what they need to get their jobs done. Obviously, we've always done that through different ways, whether having inventory in a branch or managing inventory on site or having next day delivery, all those things help customers. but we're still having a lot of conversations with customers about -- based on our ability to serve them during these challenging times, how can we continue to help them. And we think a lot of the performance we've had in our supply chain is going to be pretty sticky moving forward based on what we're hearing.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Sure. So it's inherently tricky thing to figure out. What I would say is that our customer file has increased substantially versus 2019. So a lot of the new customers have stuck around. Our customer file was at its peak in the heart of the pandemic in 2020, both for Grainger and for Zoro and for MonotaRO. They all had sort of a similar pattern. And what was going on there was there was a lot of consumers buying and just trying to find whatever they could find for safety reasons. That's all gone back to normal. And so we think that what we see now is all of the business customers that we were able to acquire during the pandemic, either for pandemic reasons or other reasons. And we've had really healthy growth of the customer file. And I think that's probably the biggest signal that make -- that matters the most.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So -- and Dee, you may have other adds to this. We continue to see through our cost cycle this year increases from a number of suppliers. I would say it's less intense now than it was certainly in the first half of the year. But most -- and what you're going to see in terms of price increase, a lot of it is sort of what's already been taken before. And so you're just seeing the impact of that. But we do expect some increases to continue to flow in as things continue to roll forward, but just not as intense.
D.G. Macpherson: Deane, what do you -- what are you trying to understand? Go ahead. Go ahead, Dee. You can take that one.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So, what I would say is that certainly, portions of the supply chain, I would say, are pretty much back to normal. But the portions that we control being able to pick back and shipping at things out were clean pretty much every night. A year ago, we had labor challenges and all kinds of challenges. Those have pretty much gone away in terms of our own supply chain. And then the outbound transportation is also pretty strong at this point and less of a problem. From a supplier standpoint, there's still suppliers that are catching up to challenge that they've had. And so lead-times are elongated in some cases. What I would say is that our service levels in terms of having product and being able to get to customers are high on a relative basis and getting back -- moving back towards what we'd expect to have from an absolute basis. So, we do see a lot of improvement. There's still long ways to go. I mean this is -- that was -- it's been quite a shock to the supply chain, and there's still long ways to go from our suppliers and from transportation entities. Coming from -- I think your question on global sourced product, certainly, we're seeing it become much easier to get sailings from Asia into the US, and the cost of that is coming down substantially from its peak, maybe back to where it was, but certainly coming down. And so we do see that starting to flow much better than it had earlier in the year.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Maybe let's just talk about philosophy here, and Dee, if you want to add to it again. I think that we -- as Dee mentioned, there have been some tailwinds that are probably modest and might come back -- drop down a little bit. I think the overall algorithm hasn't changed at all. There's been a lot of messiness the last two years. Obviously, we had deflated GP given all the pandemic product and challenges with that, which was all the right things, and right things to do to serve our customers. And now you're seeing sort of the normal GP with probably a little bit of tailwinds that may bleed off. But the algorithm is still the same. We're going to -- our plan is to grow faster than the market in the High-Touch model, 400 to 500 basis points, to have consistent GP and slight SG&A leverage as we go forward. And that's the algorithm and the algorithm for the High-Touch DNS server models exactly the same as well.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean it's a great question. So I think we mentioned this at Investor Day, but just to put maybe a finer point on it. When we look at what we get from a share gain perspective, we're looking at cause and effect for the actions that we take. This year is higher, obviously, than our target. And we've actually been able to determine that we think some of that might be availability-related just having product when others didn't. And some of that becomes sticky, as we've mentioned before. But when we look at the 400 to 500 basis points, that's looking at the actions and seller coverage, seller effectiveness and keep stock to drive share gain, and that's where that number comes from. So, we've had a little bit of benefit, we think, this year that's due just to having a better execution around the supply chain than maybe others have had.
D.G. Macpherson: What I would say is that we think we can grow midsize customers faster than large customers through the cycle. A lot of that has to do with the lower share we have, but also some of the actions we're taking are allowing us to acquire and penetrate midsized customers. Whether that's 20% or not, I won't comment on that. But I'll just -- if you recall, we were in the high 1.5 billion -- 1.8 billion number 10, 15 years ago, and we're going to break through 1.5 billion here in the next year or so, we think. And so we're getting back to where we were, but there's still long ways to go. So, we do feel comfortable that there's going to be faster outgrowth of midsized customers than there are for.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean we don't -- we think that market is growing similar to what the whole market is growing, which would be sort of low double-digits, 10% to 13% in the quarter is kind of the market growth that we saw.
D.G. Macpherson: So what I would say is that as we think about next year, as we think about any year, we try to think about the total cost we're going to see and the -- make sure we're pricing the market and get the best cost we can get. In many ways, those cost improvements will be embedded in price/cost because we will understand how those movements, and everybody else is going to have similar movements. The portion of product that comes from China is actually pretty similar across major competitors today. And so we don't think we are disadvantaged or advantaged necessarily on that. So we would expect that to sort of flow through in sort of normal ways from the competitive environment.
D.G. Macpherson: All right. Thanks for joining us today. We really appreciate you being on the call. As we said, we're certainly happy with the quarter, probably happier with sort of our longer-term ability to consistently gain share and do it in a profitable way and feel really good about the things we're doing in -- as we face into an uncertain market. I hope all of you have a great weekend and a great rest of the year and look forward to talking to you in 2023. Thank you.
Dee Merriwether: Thanks for the question, Tommy. So yes, we did perform well in the quarter, both top and bottom line and specifically related to the gross margin expectations. We did experience significant product mix tailwinds as well as favorable price/cost spread. And I did note that, that was due to a couple of factors: price/cost being favorably as we realize the timing benefit that we -- as we continue to work through cost negotiations with our suppliers, we do expect that benefit to normalize over the next couple of quarters. And so that really aided in some of the outperformance. In addition to that, from time to time and good hygiene, we continue to work with customers to make sure that we are receiving the value that we provide to them from an economic perspective. And so we also received some benefits in the quarter for that. We also expect that to continue.
Dee Merriwether: Sure. Yes, that is correct. We did -- based upon the range we had out there for operating cash flow less that as is. And just based upon where we were trending with share repurchases as well as we looked at what we thought will fall through CapEx by the end of the year, we made some tweaks in those numbers as well since we have the opportunity to do so. As it relates to 2025, we'll talk a little bit more about what we expect CapEx to look like in February.
Dee Merriwether: Yes, I wouldn't think about it so much as rebates, but just we're constantly negotiating on price take timing with our supplier partners. And some of that timing, some has moved up, some has slipped out. And that's why we continually and talk about the lumpiness of GP because it's very difficult to time everything perfectly both from a price perspective and a cost actualization perspective. So, it's nothing more than that. It isn't. We really aren't focused on supplier rebates as a reason for this.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. Deane, I want to -- first, I want to clarify, I want to make sure I understand the question. So do you want to add a little bit more color? Is there a question...
Dee Merriwether: Sure. Well, I would say I think if you go back several years to the pricing strategy change to ensure that we could provide competitive pricing to all size customers, we're through that cycle. Now, we're in more of a cycle, I would say, with higher sophistication related to using our own internal information, product information and coupling that with market information to get to the best price for customers. And if it's High-Touch business, as you kind of articulated, it is making sure we get to the best price based upon the value we provide to those customers. And if it's like a midsized customer that has less -- with less services from us, price is relevant for them as well. So, I will say we are there. However, we always have opportunities with the broad assortment that we have, over 1.7 million SKUs, 2 million SKUs. Things are constantly changing. The market is changing. Costs are changing. And market price is changing. So, I will say our pricing sophistication continues to get better. From time to time, that leads to us being able to have some pricing levers in our benefit while we still remain competitive.
Dee Merriwether: Sure. Well, if you look at -- maybe if I take it to the over in the US, gross margin was up like in the 125 basis points. About half of that, I would call it the price costs of benefit and again, we see that price costs benefit normalizing as we get into 2023 or during the fourth quarter.
Dee Merriwether: Well, let me start 2021. Like when you look at this quarter here, it's going to be -- especially November and December, we'll be lapping 2021. That's our first, I would say, significant price inflation period. So that's why it's going to be a little bit tougher comps for us, we believe, the last two months of this year. Our rep for price, we're thinking it will be in the single -- mid-single-digits, low to mid-single-digits will -- looks like what the rent will be heading into 2023.
Dee Merriwether: Not necessarily. I think the only thing that's probably changed on a consolidated basis is the yen continues to depreciate, but that's going to impact on the topline. The GP rate should be the same algorithm that we've discussed.
Dee Merriwether: That is true, but don't forget that the pandemic stuff that was also safety equipment, which is a significant piece of our business, and we continue to sell more safety. But the other piece is that we're also selling a whole lot more technical products. And technical product, that's also a product mix for us. And generally, those SKUs have a little bit better margin rate for us.
Dee Merriwether: Material [ph] handling products, things that are more technical, help in manufacturing processes, pieces and parts as it relates to assembly lines and things like that are the more technical product. When we say safety product, I think a lot of people think about vest and gloves and things of that nature. So these are more products that are utilized or adjacent to manufacturing.
Dee Merriwether: Absolutely. You hit it on the head. Our remerchandising efforts are making sure that those products are much easier for our customers to find and are helping them solve their business problems.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. Well, I noted was the US over make year-over-year was about 125 basis points, and I said about half of that -- roughly half of that, so call it, 50 basis points – 50 so basis points is what we're saying is the price/ cost favorability that we believe will normalize heading into...
