D.G. Macpherson: Thanks, Kyle. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I'm going to discuss some of our key accomplishments from 2022, and then I'll pass it to Dee to walk through the specifics of our fourth quarter performance and our outlook for 2023. Turning to Slide 4. The Grainger Edge framework has been instrumental in guiding our work in 2022. We know that when we live our principles, focus on the things that matter and serve our customers well, we can achieve great things. Our customer base is very broad. I've been with customers that are seeing positive economic signs like aerospace, and I've also been with other customers like some retailers that are seeing some concerning economic signs. But in general, our customers continue to be busy, and Grainger has and will remain the trusted partner of providing value to their operations every day. As we look to 2023 and beyond, we are excited to continue living out the Grainger Edge starting with the customer and serving as their valued partner through any cycle. In 2022, the Grainger team stayed relentlessly focused on what matters most, providing our customers exceptional service, supporting each other and making a positive impact on our communities and the environment. In both models, we made strategic investments to support customers and build the business for the future. This included adding supply chain capacity, including a new bulk warehouse in the U.S. and the start-up of the Anegawa distribution center in Japan, expanding our digital and data capabilities, including progress with our customer and product information systems, in our high-touch business and improved account management tools and our endless assortment model, and executing against our merchandising and marketing initiatives, including temp search and recommendation functionality. During the year, we also continued to strengthen our purpose-driven culture by ensuring Grainger is a place where our team members can be their true cells and have a fulfilling career. We continue to receive external recognition for our workplace culture. But what means the most to me and the rest of the leadership team is the positive feedback from team members about why they choose to build their career at Grainger. And finally, we continue to make progress with our environmental, social and governance objectives, both internally and in supporting our customers to help them achieve their own ESG goals. The result of this focus was an outstanding year of profitable growth, and we are extremely proud of our results, which surpassed our own expectations throughout the year. Turning to Slide 6. We finished the year with over $15.2 billion in sales, up 16.5% on a daily basis or 19.3% in daily constant currency as demand across the business remains strong. In our high-touch business in North America, we focused on our growth engines and achieved approximately 775 basis points of U.S. market outgrowth in 2022, far exceeding our updated target of 400 to 500 basis points. In the endless assortment model, both Zoro and MonotaRO made progress to achieve high-teens growth in local currency and local days. During the year, we drove 215 basis points of gross margin improvement, which, when coupled with 40 basis points of SG&A leverage resulted in 255 basis points of operating margin expansion and a nearly 50% increase in adjusted EPS. We also generated over $1.3 billion in operating cash flow, an increase of 42% over 2021 and returned $949 million to Grainger shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We accomplished this while also improving our ROIC by 870 basis points to 40.6%. The strong 2022 financials were the result of staying focused throughout the year on what truly matters to our customers, our suppliers and our team members, and we are well positioned to continue this momentum into 2023. With that, I will turn it over to Dee to discuss the details of the fourth quarter and our outlook.
D.G. Macpherson: Thank you, Dee. Before I open it up for questions, I want to first and foremost, thank the Grainger team as well as our customers and supplier partners who have helped to drive such a successful year. We truly kept the world working in 2022 and in turn achieved outstanding results for the year, both financially and operationally. I am excited for what is to come in 2023 and remain confident in Grainger's ability to create tangible value, the liver follows experience to drive profitable growth over the long haul. With our team's continued commitment to focusing on the things that matter, we are well poised to deliver in any macro environment. With that, we will open up the line for questions.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Tommy, I would say most of the -- if there's deflationary pressure, it's mostly due to commodities. So there are -- we have -- we've taken prices up and down across the assortment and the ones that are down are almost always very commodity intensive. So they're very steel-intensive or very -- some specific commodity intensive. So, we do see -- we do see that broad market pressure. We don't see that much. It's more specific commodities that we're seeing right now.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. We're really sticking to what the market projections are at this point. In terms of -- you heard the January results. We aren't seeing a lot of weakness to be fair at this point. We do expect in the back half, there to be more challenges from a volume perspective. What I would say is every customer we have has a COVID-fueled story about what's happened to their volume over the past few years and where they've been determines whether they're facing pressures now or whether they're seeing optimism. So obviously, with aerospace, they -- we shut down the airlines for a long time and they now have orders. So they're starting to build up. And that's going to take a couple more years to actually get the full speed, we think, with aerospace. With some, they may have forward loaded some of their volume because they were selling things that were very important during the pandemic, and now they're faced with situations where things are slowing down. So, I would say every customer has their own story, net-net, that we're not seeing any real softness as of yet, and that's showing in the numbers.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Maybe I'll cover that. First of all, I think that the way you measure price inflation is probably not common across everybody. So you dive into the details that we don't really know how others are talking about price inflation, so we wouldn't comment on that. I think the thing I would point to is, to Dee's point, we generally think of price as pricing to the market, and we are very confident that what we have now is market competitive, and we look at that very, very, very closely, given our history, you might understand why we would do that. And so we are more wired on how we price competitive. As you said, there's really a lot of lumpiness. We may have taken price later than others or some may have taken earlier who knows. But the reality is that we are very competitive now and feel like we're in a good position on pricing.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So our price cost does not include freight the way we define it for you. So freight is a separate issue. Obviously, we consider freight in everything we do. Like everybody, we saw huge freight increases during 2021 and 2022. That has certainly moderated. It's still above 2019 levels fairly substantially, but we have seen that come down quite a bit. So -- and we talked about for this year, we expect it to be a benefit in terms of some of the moderating prices. And some of that is sort of obvious places the containers from overseas or a lot cheaper than they were six months ago, quite a bit. They're still relatively higher than 2019, but getting closer. Other parts of the market are still tight. So net-net, we still feel like it will be a small benefit this year for sure.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean, it's a great question. So what I would say is that -- from our perspective, once we have the product to -- when customers get it, that part of the supply chain is all good. We were basically clean every night, barring a storm in Dallas or something that we've seen in the last couple of days where people won't pick up. But in general, the supply chain on the outbound side, both in our buildings and then our freight partners is very, very good. On the inbound side, we still have some elongated supply chains. It's gotten much better in the past four or five months, and we expect to continue to get better. At normal, I think I'd probably say in quotes now. I do expect it to get closer to 2019 lead times, but maybe not quite all the way there as the year progresses, but we do expect it to continue to get better.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean I guess I would say just from a core sort of principle for us, we think of outgrowth in terms of volume, we expect price to be relatively neutral. You're right, we make it modest benefits over time that can happen. But certainly, what we're talking about is volume outgrowth. The position from last year, certainly, we got some benefit from supply chain fairly modest. And what we do is we sort of decouple that analytically and look at what our initiatives are doing, and that's how we came up with the 400 to 500 basis point target at the Analyst Day, we're still sticking with that. I mean, obviously, we've done a little better than that. But for now, we're not changing that. That's our expectation going forward.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So we have a favorable mix. Mix for us generally means product mix here. And so you can imagine during 2020 and 2021, in particular, we had a very negative mix because we had -- we were selling any mask in the world we could find, we're selling it, and that is a lower margin product. I would say we are more back to normal now in terms of the industrial products that we have typically sold, and that's been a favorable mix for us. And certainly, we are working hard to make sure that we can compete with technical products or industrial products, and that will be a focus for us going forward. But most of the mix benefit has been getting -- really getting back to normal is the way I describe it.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Well, I mean -- so a couple of things. One is we certainly, we had wage labor challenges 18 months ago, a year ago. We have made adjustments in wages for our team members. I would say we are in a much, much better position. Our churn rates are back to normal basically in most parts of the business. And we are in a much more stable staffing pattern than we've been. And I mentioned some of the outbound, our DCs are performing well. Our call centers are performing well. We don't have as much churn -- near as much churn as we did at the peak, and we're really close to back to normal at this point.
D.G. Macpherson: You know, not. We aren't seeing a big shift there. I would say that most customers, when they're buying industrial products, they need the product for the application they're using it for. And so if our private brand works that we use it and they always have. But generally, we aren't seeing certainly a down shift to lower cost products. That's not what we're seeing right now.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, it's the latter, Chris. So we've -- we started this initiative three or four years ago. We've worked through sort of some initial category reviews. We keep getting better at them. What we've discovered is that we've learned a ton as we've gone, and we're just getting better and better at it and there's still a lot of improvement to be made. It will be a consistent benefit for us, we believe, going forward for the foreseeable future, sort of that midterm three- to five-year time frame. We still see a lot of benefit from improving the way we merge. And it's core to what we do. I mean helping customers have confidence that they found the right product, it's kind of what we do. So getting better at that seems to have a good result, and we're going to continue to really push hard on that.
D.G. Macpherson: No. We are -- I would say we are agnostic to what the -- not agnostic to the economics, but agnostic to sort of identifying higher-value products. We're trying to make it super easy for customers to find what they need. And so it's really all about, do we have the right assortment, can we present it in a way that makes it really easy for customers to find so they can have a lot of confidence that they're getting the product that they need to use for the right application.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean in High-Touch, so I would just say that in High-Touch that the vast majority of our share gain is the existing customers. The reality is that the Grainger brand sells something to most large and midsized customers' business customers in a year. And so a vast majority of those are -- the share gains we're seeing are actually share of wallet as opposed to new customer acquisitions. In the Endless Assortment, it's more balanced. We're seeing in Japan, we're seeing a mix of new customers, but also significant growth with existing customers. And at Zoro, we're seeing nice retention rates. So we are seeing more balance between new customer acquisition and volume and existing customer volume in the Endless assortment model.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So I mean the two biggest portions of the Endless Assortment are on our Zoro U.S. and MonotaRO. MonotaRO, their profitability in the last year was deflated by operating two buildings at once in the in the Osaka area. That goes away. So they'll see some improvement next year. They will be investing in a building in the Tokyo region in the next several years. But generally, I think the pattern for them will be getting closer back to where they were prior to the dual DC Osaka situation. So, we would expect them to improve over time. And then we talked a lot about Zoro U.S. We expect that to get a kind of high single-digit operating margins over the next several years. And so that combination gets you to sort of that long-term guidance.
D.G. Macpherson: I think Chris was asking a different question, which you were asking about Tokyo, whether it's going to be a similar issue with Tokyo when that comes on board. The answer is who knows. It depends on the pattern of the timing and when things open. It may or may not be as impactful, but we'll comment on that as we get closer to that's three or four years out so.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Thanks for joining us today. I really appreciate you jumping on the call. Hopefully, you get a sense that we feel pretty good about the path we're on. We've had at a really good year, but we're more excited about the future and driving things to help our customers operate better and help them succeed. So with that, I'll just say thanks for joining again, and hope you stay safe. If you're going to get cold, I think, in the Northeast. So, hopefully, you don't ice up too much. That does affect us too. But have a great rest of the week. Thank you.
Dee Merriwether: So I'll start with the first part and then maybe D.G. can add in a little bit on what he's hearing from -- what he's hearing from some customers on the visit. So, yes, when we look at the market outlook, it includes both price and volume. And so the sum of that, we believe, will be somewhere in the range of 1% to 5% of the total market. We believe that volume will be down 3% to flat. And as you know, at price, up 4% to up 5%, we have more visibility into our pricing than anyone. And so when we look at price, we are also taking into account our wrap, which is basically the price increases that we took in 2022 and their full impact to 2023. So, we still see a little bit more price coming our way. So, it takes that three-ish percent up to about 4% to 5% from for the price outlook.
Dee Merriwether: Well, if you're specifically focused on GP in the U.S., our gross margins have expanded, if you look over a longer period of time here. And as it relates to price cost, just want to reiterate, when we talk about neutrality, we do talk about that over time. And we have continued to speak about the fact that price cost just like GP is lumpy. We have a cost cycle, which we have traditionally had for years that really didn't hold last year because of how fast cost inflation was coming in to suppliers. So that makes the cost piece of that a little bit lumpier. And then if you recall, we have the opportunity based upon our percentage of revenue, highly contracted. We have the right to introduce price at different periods during the time. We also have web price, which is also a good portion of our business, and we can pass price on web at any particular time. So that is the lumpiness. It's the timing of when we can actually price plus the timing of when cost actually comes through. And that's why our focus is doing that over a period of time and when it makes sense, both for our supply base as well as for our customer base.
Dee Merriwether: Sure, sure, Dave. So I'll go back to last year, you just start with that because there was two things. We're lapping last year's -- it was unfavorable last year, favorably this year adjustment. And if you recall last year, we had a sharp increase in cost, and then we had an outsized amount of inventory kind of get delivered in the fourth quarter. And that combination of those two factors happening at the same time, resulted in us recording a meaningful LIFO adjustment to our fourth quarter adjustments in 2021. Now looking at that and understanding that we were still in an inflationary period as it relates to cost and we saw costs still coming in. From our suppliers, we worked on improving our processes, tightening our processes, making sure that we were booking entries and looking at the process, not just from the financials, but with the chain leaders to ensure our inventory valuation was staying up to par as we move through the year. So I feel like we did a much better job there. However, when you look at the inventory that was sold through in the last quarter of the year, it required us to take a favorable LIFO adjustment to correct for that. Because if something has an increase for those that don't know, something has an increase in the quarter, it haven't sold it or the price change in that quarter from when it changed early in the year, the LIFO adjustment causes you to refactor all of those sales to the latest cost. So that adjustment was favorable for us. The combination of those two year-over-year in Q4 resulted in about 130 basis points, a net 130 basis point year-over-year impact to GP for the High-Touch business.
Dee Merriwether: So the -- if you're looking at our guide, the guide is implying 30 to 60 basis points of SG&A leverage for next year. And as I think about that, let's remember a couple of things. We're continuing to invest in demand generation, and we had some one-time costs this year that we don't expect to impact us next year. And I will say the -- one of the last things to consider is going into a new year, we get to reset our variable cost like variable costs such as variable compensation back to a 100% of our plan. And then we have some modest productivity that we built into the plan because we focus our organization on looking at driving standard work automation and productivity every day. So, we don't have to have huge events. We do that in times when things are going really well, and we can scale and also when things are tightening up. So, those are the numbers that I had related to the type of SG&A leverage we're looking to gain. And remember, that's in the midst of us continuing to invest.
Dee Merriwether: So with that investment, it also includes some investments in DC capacity. So we expect to continue to build inventory as we stand up some of those new buildings. We do expect to see some slight improvement in working capital as far as it is not diminishing as much as it has in the last couple of years because we were investing much more significantly in inventory, say, last year, and we're starting to see some improvement and our accounts receivable execution as well.
Dee Merriwether: So, we expect -- so, the Anegawa DC that went up and getting out of Amagasaki in 2023, the first half, they will still be incurring some costs as well as wrapping up to their full efficiency. In the midst of that, they're also launching Phase 2 of the Anegawa DC, which has additional cost -- so our expectation is that they will end the year in 2023 or exit that year with op margin rate similar to what you saw prior to both product.
Dee Merriwether: Sure. So admittedly, we did end stronger than what we expected as we continue to execute well. And a number of things as you kind of note went our way. So we talked about one of them earlier. We got some tailwind from freight efficiencies with both fuel and container costs coming down over the last couple of months. In addition to that, we did get some price/cost timing benefits as we look to implement some web prices, we implemented some web prices in the quarter ahead of our January price increases, so that helped us a bit. And then if you break away the inventory valuation adjustment this year from what we saw last year that was more something that wasn't anticipated. So that inventory valuation adjustment that we booked in the quarter that was favorable, that was the third piece.
Dee Merriwether: No, I think you said it exactly right. I can repeat what you said, but we have some price/cost benefit timing. Some of that may fall away. We may have some freight efficiencies. Those may or may not cover that completely up. And then you've got the business unit mix between Endless Assortment and High-Touch and the fact that Endless Assortment is going to grow faster. So it has a negative impact.
