Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Tom. We are very pleased with our performance in 2018. More importantly, we are excited about the actions we've taken to position us for success moving forward. We look forward to maintaining this momentum in 2019 and beyond. Now we will open it up for questions.
Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Ryan. This is D.G. So a couple things. One is on the gross profit line. Our expectation is that we will be down 60 basis points to flat for the year. There's a couple things going on there. One is, we talked about being roughly flat in 2019 before. What has happened is some of our contracts have not actually been implemented yet, so we got some benefit in 2018 and that benefit will turn into a slight negative in 2019. So at the midpoint, we're slightly down. We still expect to get strong operating leverage in the year. We are making some additional investments in digital capability certainly, but we still expect to get strong operating leverage and slightly down GP at the midpoint and that's because of that contract timing.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So we have 1% price in there. We have volume of 0% to 3%. We would expect to be somewhere in that ballpark generally. So yes, that's what we've embedded in there. And it is a bit of a soft landing. We don't have any. We've got the same economic advisors that everybody else does and so we're hearing the same things you are. So that's where we're at right now.
Donald Macpherson: Sure. So the investments are largely – if you think about our business in MonotaRO which has been so successful. They now have 20 million items on their website and we are making investments in Zoro to be able to expand our offering dramatically over the next several years. Those investments are in systems and people to make sure that we can be successful in doing that. We're also investing in analytics capabilities and marketing capabilities and really taking the lessons we've learned from MonotaRO to go ahead and push that. Those investments are significant for Zoro. The business will remain profitable through the transition and most of those investments will be done by the end of the year. So we should be in better shape going into 2020 from a margin perspective, but we expect several hundred basis points or more to be down relative to where we were this year.
Donald Macpherson: Sure. So with midsize customers, and we've talked about some of this before. We've seen growth both with existing customers. We've reengaged some last customers and we've acquired new customers. I would say the new customer acquisition has been very solid over the last quarter, and we expect that to continue. So most of that is acquiring new customers digitally and then getting – building a relationship with those customers. We still have a fairly small customer file with midsize customers relative to the entire universe. So with the Grainger brand, midsize customers, we expect consistent strong growth over the next couple of years at a minimum. And a lot of that's going to be new customer acquisition in addition to some of the existing customer growth.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So it actually does approach the number that we're talking about, if – that's going to be in the 10s of basis points of impact for next year. So if we're down 60 to flat if that were not the case, we’d be sort of centered – much closer to zero for next year. So that's the impact and a lot of this is just implementation of contracts that are already signed. And in particular, one very, very large contract that that still needs to be implemented fully.
Donald Macpherson: Yes, I mean like we said it's an impact. It's certainly 10 basis points to 20 basis points roughly have an impact in terms of mix that we've seen if we continue to grow midsize customers much faster than large. So it's a small impact, but a real one.
Donald Macpherson: No, it's fairly significantly different. So we have less than 2% market share today. At our peak, we had significantly more than that. Without contemplating a specific number, we know we've got a lot of runway with midsize customers. In terms of how we go-to-market, we acquire customers typically digitally with the midsized customer group. We then develop a relationship in some cases that will stay digital and some cases that becomes an inside seller relationship where there will be someone on the phone that talks to them on a consistent basis. We provide significant technical product support to that group, which is a big value to that group. And what we find is that those customers really value what Grainger has to offer the technical product support, the products themselves and the quality of the products, and the fulfillment all mean a whole lot to that that midsize customer group. So we're seeing great response as we acquire new customers and build those relationships.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. Okay. Yes, so I would say that we are skewed a very much more industrial. We developed personal relationships with customers. We provide services with customers. We provide onsite services with customers. We have sellers. Our fulfillment is designed to make sure that we get complete orders to customers next day. So our buildings are completely different design. I would say on almost every dimension we are different. And so without going into too much detail on the call, we've built our machine to be able to really be very attractive to industrial businesses and that's our customer base and that's what we're trying to gauge here with.
Donald Macpherson: So I would just say that we have – we think built a muscle in a process to make sure that we're very disciplined with SG&A going forward. Our expectation is that we will continue to get SG&A leverage to 2020 and beyond. So without talking about specific numbers, our expectation is that the process we built, the way we look at our expenses, the way we drive improvement throughout the business, efficiency and effectiveness will continue to do to perform well going forward.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. The Zoro business continued to grow very, very strongly throughout the year. If you look at the history of our business in Japan, about this time in the history, they really stepped on the accelerator with the assortment strategy, and we're at the point now where creating some real differentiation with the Zoro business in the marketplace. We think is important and we think we've got an opportunity to do that based on what we've learned. And so we're investing for the future. It doesn't mean that have seen slower growth at Zoro at this point.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. We expect our restructuring expenses obviously to go down with most of the heavy lifting in U.S. and in Canada behind us, so it will be significantly less than we've seen in the past couple of years.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I'd point to a couple of things. One is, certainly the market growth was still reasonably strong in the fourth quarter, a little less than it was in Q2 and Q3 it appears. That's said, we think our performance was very similar on a comparison basis to the market in the fourth quarter. We talked a little bit about the last week of the year being very slow. But fortunately people showed up, back up to work to start the year. And so our expectation is that there's going to be very modest growth at this point. That's our expectation and we will continue to gain share at a similar pace to what we've done.
Donald Macpherson: Over time that would be the case, I mean typically when if that were to happen there would be some legs. So there might be some benefit during that light period is what we typically have seen historically, but generally our philosophy is we want to make sure we're pricing to market and getting the best cost we can. And so presumably the market price would adjust adjusted some point in the future as well.
Donald Macpherson: Yes, great. So we're about 70% stay local about 30% federal. The federal business for us tends to SKU industrial and by that we mean things like the military. Some of those are funded. So far I would say the impact on us has been certainly it's calculable, but not big. It's a small impact for us right now. I would say, we get a little more concerned if the shutdown goes longer because it has knock on effects to other things. But for us the shutdown in its current form, we don't have huge volume with customers that are shutdown right now. So it's a pretty small impact on us so far. That's it. Obviously if it goes longer we get, we get concerned about some other things.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. We haven't shared this specific. I would say that the new customer acquisition rate gives us confidence. I would say that that the lapse customer return rate continues to be strong. We continue to get customers who have been customers before. And just our numbers through the fourth quarter give us confidence that there's still a lot of momentum to go as we've lapped the price decreases.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. So our expectation has been that we will grow expenses and about half the rate we grow sales in that that's been kind of our expectation. We don't see anything that would change that at this point going forward. We still feel like we've got a lot of opportunity to improve our cost structure go forward.
Donald Macpherson: Well, obviously freight market has been tight. I think I make a lot of the uncertainty on where we land probably is freight going into the year, whether or not that market stays is tighter, gets tighter or gets looser. It builds in some of the uncertainty. We feel like we are effectively managing freight. We feel like we've got a really good process to improve both our operational freight costs, and our overall freight cost. So I would say its modest impact, but it is an impact.
Donald Macpherson: So our supplier rebates are largely based on volume. We don't disclose how much of what the magnitude of those are. And I would say their supplier rebates for 2019 bake in, an assumption around our volume, which you see in there. So they're linked to the revenue expectations for the business.
Donald Macpherson: I think it's both. We're seeing good momentum and we're actually increasing our digital investments to acquire more customers. So we are doing, but that's part of the digital investment that Tom talked about earlier.
Donald Macpherson: Well, first of all, let me adjust the price cut issue first. Our prices are competitive from a market base perspective, so that – no is the answer to that question. Our perspective is we don't actually see a shift in the share gain we have. So the way you think about it is if the market growth rate is at the top end of what we're saying, then we feel like we will be at the top end of that that revenue perspective. And so there's all kinds of opinions out there about what happens with market activity. Some of them actually have a little bit of a slowdown now and acceleration later. I don't know whether any of that's true, but certainly there are projections out there that are at the top end of our range. If that comes through, then we will be the top end of our sales range.
Donald Macpherson: Over the next several years, we expect midsize customers to go faster than large, but we expect the dollar impact of large customer growth to be much higher given that the base of large customer revenue. So we don't feel like we are close to maxed out with any customer segment. We feel like we have strong opportunity really with our customer groups, but we would expect the percentage growth with midsize customers to be higher this year, next year, probably for the next three years at a minimum.
Donald Macpherson: Sure. So just to be clear, we have seen pretty significant margin expansion in our other category over the last couple of years. And what gives us more confidence as we've actually closed some unprofitable businesses. That portfolio is now much more squarely the tune to the online model and the margins there are much higher than that 6% in aggregate. So as we go forward, we would expect to have continued margin expansion even with the investments in Zoro that we're going to make largely just the math of having a much stronger portfolio at this point. So we expect that. I would also say, we do expect slight margin expansion in the U.S., although it's modest at least for the guide.
Donald Macpherson: Well, I mean I would assume that we have higher aspirations. We have not – right now we're just talking about 2019. If we decide to put out margin guidance going forward, we would do that separately. But yes, I mean obviously we don't – we're not saying that we're going to stop.
Donald Macpherson: Well, like I said, I mean it was – we're happy to see that people came back to work in January and we feel good about our ability to gain share in any market. There's obviously a lot of uncertainty. Most of that is uncertainty around things that we don't control and I don't think we know where to land. I would say that the fourth quarter up until sort of the last week of December, things were very, very, very good. And so the slowdown was a very, very short period of time. And so we were looking to see if people came back to work, and they did, which is good.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. With the exception of the contract resets that we've talked about, the answer is, yes. They're pretty stable.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. It is actually post reset. What we've seen with all of our large customers is a bit of an opportunity to simplify pricing. They're more willing to buy spot-buys at the prices that they see because they're competitive, and so that’s simplifying things as well.
Donald Macpherson: Well, so for us we actually separate price cost in terms of how we think about it. We're pricing to the market, and we try to get the best cost we can. I think I mentioned this before, typically when there's been things like that that have happened, price will change, but there maybe some lag. So there might be some period where you have some short-term benefit. Ultimately you would expect if tariffs will roll back, that prices would eventually sort of moderate. But typically we get some period of benefit then.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. They're pretty discrete today. There is very little cannibalization. Actually, today, there's several million SKUs that Zoro has. We will go to double-digit million SKUs eventually. Doing that actually creates a little bit more differentiation between a Grainger model, which is very industrial, very MRO-focused versus what Zoro has. And we feel that that will actually mitigate cannibalization to some degree as well. But obviously there's some, but it's very minimal today.
Donald Macpherson: All right. Thanks everyone again for joining us. I would just reiterate a couple of points. One is we're very happy with the performance that we had in 2018. I think we've focused on the right things. Our results were strong and we've got a lot of momentum heading into the future. So I really appreciate all your time, and I hope you are off to a great new year. Thank you.
Thomas Okray: Yes. Let me take this. This is Tom. As we alluded to in our prepared remarks, there's three main items there. Let me give you a little bit more granularity to help you size that. For the U.S. segment in Q4, SG&A expenses grew 6%. We said 5%. That's related to the additional payday. If you normalize for three buckets, which is variable compensation, the additional payroll day and items that aren't expected to recur, the 6% increase actually goes to flat or 9% associated with revenue recognition, goes to a 3% increase. This clearly had a material impact on our Q4 U.S. segment on the operating margin, and we don't expect this profile to be representative going forward.
Thomas Okray: Yes. We added inventory as you saw including some opportunistic pre-buys that we made in Q4, preparing us for what we expect to be strong growth in 2019.
Thomas Okray: No change at all. And just to clarify our contemplation in the guide, assume the 10% tariff being at 25%, so that's already included in the guide.
Thomas Okray: Yes. Sure. As D.G. mentioned earlier, maybe you had dropped off the call. Our GP, we expect to be flat to minus 60 down and with the big impact there being freight as well as the contracts, which still have to be closed for this year are implemented for this year. So yes, we've got opportunity on the high-end to grow 100 bps in terms of operating margin, but we're being prudent on the low-end given the uncertainty we see in terms of the freight issues as well as the overall economic environment.
Thomas Okray: Just to clarify, we had a really hard reset of that business. I think when you look at the cost, takeout numbers, they're bigger than we had talked about taking and as we got into it, we felt like we needed to reset, pretty much everything, everything in the business. That has had a fairly significant impact on volume in the business. We are now doing some things to improve the customer experience that we think are going to help us grow going forward, adding products to the assortment. Again, we're training our sellers and really working on getting a high performing sales and services team in that business. Our fulfillment performance is actually pretty good. We're hearing from customers’ that is pretty good and we're starting to see a few wins for the first time in a long time. There, I think what we're starting to get some volume. Now it's going to take a while. The reality is this was a very hard reset and that's why we're backing off of the margin targets for 2019 because it's going to take a little bit longer than we had hoped. It's been a very complicated and challenging process. I would say we're still confident in the underlying market. The market has been performing reasonably well. We have a business that’s sort of separate out there that we know has been performing reasonably well, so the market has been growing, and most of this has been us resetting that business.
Thomas Okray: Yes. I mean, first of all on the tax rate, if you put in the stock-based compensation, then that puts us squarely at the low-end of our guide. So that's the story on that. In terms of exiting the clean energy, it was a nice $0.09 per share pickup for this year and just made the decision that we're going to conclude it.
Thomas Okray: Yes. Just to clarify, in the 1% to 4% market growth, we've got 1% is assumed in that, so it'd be 0% to 3% in terms of volume. With respect to our own range in our guide, we've got 1% to 2%.
