Donald Macpherson: Thanks Tom. Our performance so far this year has been solid even in a slower growth environment and with the added uncertainty around tariffs. While AGI and Cromwell continue to be challenged, customer feedback is much better in both businesses. We have done a lot of work to get the cost structure and service right in AGI and Cromwell and are well positioned to grow in the future. I was at Cromwell earlier this month and even with the economic challenges customers were pleased with our improved service, we are exploring how to expand these relationships. We are happy with the growth of our endless assortment businesses and the progress we're seeing with our U.S. growth initiatives. We have driven strong incremental margin year-to-date and are maintaining our total company guidance. We are committed to delivering strong performance over the short-term and long-term. Our performance expectations remain the following; we expect our initiatives in the U.S. to drive 300 to 400 basis points of outgrowth versus the market on an ongoing basis. We believe Canada is an attractive market for Grainger and we will continue our work to drive profitable growth in that business. We expect to accelerate growth with our endless assortment model through the strength of MonotaRO in Japan and the investments we're making in Zor0 U.S. Overall, we expected our strong SG&A leverage and operating margin improvement for the year, resulting in incremental margin of 20% to 25%. Now, we'll open it up for questions.
Donald Macpherson: Thanks, Dave. I would say that we are constantly working on improving our expenses and our cost structure. We have a built in an expectation that the functions and the business will cover things like merit going forward. And we're working through plans for next year right now as you might guess. But, we feel pretty confident that we can continue to get cost productivity throughout the business and we'll work hard to make sure that we continue to deliver the performance we've been delivering.
Donald Macpherson: I would say that if you look at the online businesses, which are part of the other segment. Our expectation is we will return Zoro to profitability and we'll begin the migration over the next several years up to very strong profitability that we see in MonotaRO. And I think, the MonotaRO P&L give you a sense for where we hope to be able to get with the Zoro business. So that's our objective and it'll take several years to get there as we come out of these investments. But we're pretty confident we can continue to grow profits.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. Thanks Chris. We continue to expect our midsize customer growth and share gain to be higher than the overall U.S. share gain. We continue to see that. We certainly given the way we cover and interact with customers, things like merchandising and marketing have an outsized impact. They impact all of our customers, but they have an outsized impact on the midsize customers and that has continued to play out. And our expectation is that we will continue to grow significantly faster in the next several years with midsize customers than with the whole. And the initiatives are playing out pretty much as expected at this point.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I'd say that. We have a number of our sales leaders in and we interact with them frequently and I've been talking to them and I've been in hearing from customer feedback. We are now having conversations and getting permission to grow with our customers. And that's -- it's been several years, frankly, since that's been the case. And so, we are right at the -- it feels like we're right at the precipice now of being able to start climbing again and grow based on the work we've done. And it's been a long haul, but we feel like we're having the right conversations now. So we're a lot more confident now than we've been in several years.
Donald Macpherson: Thanks Deane. So I think, we don't have any crystal ball that's different than others we're seeing. We are planning for a wide range of potential market growth outcomes for next year and building plans around a wide range. I think flattish is not a bad place to start probably and anybody's guess, but that would not be a certainly a wrong estimate at this point. But we are planning for a fairly wide range. We actually are -- we have a set of initiatives that we've talked about that we believe are starting to build by getting us to that 300 to 400 basis points. If you look at the quarter on a volume basis, we were significantly higher than 300 basis points of growth actually. So we are starting to get confident that we have the right initiatives in place to grow 300 or 400 basis points. And then, things we've been talking about with merchandising, marketing, adding sellers, corporate account growth, reenergizing things like [indiscernible] program. So, we feel like they've got the right initiatives and we're starting to get some of that traction right now.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. Gamut is no longer a customer facing website. All those learnings have been built into the Grainger processes. We're building a new product information system that will be live in the fourth quarter. We've actually -- when we talk about remerchandising $0.5 billion so far this year, a lot of the insights from gamut are actually in those remerchandising. So if you look at the categories that we've gone through, you see a lot of the lessons there. So we have effectively built what we've learned from gamut into grainger.com, we're getting -- continued to get improved feedback from customers and that will only get better and better as we continue to build out more categories and improve the product information. So we're pretty excited about the path we're on in terms of our search experience right now.
Donald Macpherson: So Josh, let me, I will answer the question and interpret it. So, tell me if I'm not answering correctly. We tend to look at with our large customers for sure. We had a lot of relationships that were not transactional relationships before. We still have a lot of those and we've expanded some of those. I think the biggest shift has been with mid sized customers where we now have a whole lot more midsize customers that are buying frequently. Based on the price reset and the price reset was largely to make sure that we were growing across the entire customer base consistently. And so we have liked the results we see with the test customers. You still have a long way to go to acquire and turn those -- many of those customers into regular purchasing customers. But we have made great progress with midsize customers.
Donald Macpherson: Well, we have a long history of working with our customers to -- a lot of our contract customers to lock in prices at the beginning of the year. So, we got through a process that we are going through now to make sure we've got the right competitive prices and that process always happens. So, there's always a sort of beginning of the year sort of reset that happens and you see that in our results historically that that will be the same this year.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I would just add that, if you think about some of the pricing dynamic, Tom talked about this. We talked about being priced cost neutral before the reset for the year. We are effectively where we expect to be in aggregate. And we are careful, we made pricing changes all the time, but we're very careful not to disrupt customers with large customers, particularly, we are changing prices around. So, we are a little bit more careful with how many times will change with large customers, but overall we've seen the exact response we expected this year.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. I think that we are -- first of all, we're adding a whole bunch of categories that we haven't had before. So there's a mix of that in new categories and expanding the operating just in categories. In general, we are creating a fairly distinct value proposition for Zoro and Zoro will become less relied on the Grainger supply chain moving forward. And so, most of those products will be drop shipped. So for the financials, the GP is lower when you have drop shipped items. So, was the expense. But, you'll see that impact to GP slightly over time. And, but we expect most of those items that we're adding, if we talk about 10 million over the next three to five years, we expect most of those items to be third-party ship. We're going to be stocking most of those in Grainger.
Donald Macpherson: Yes. That's still the plan, Chris. That is, if you think about it, a number of the investments have been system investments. So, we're going live with the new product information system for example, we get through those this year and those do not repeat next year. So, we have most of the investments behind us. We have added people analytics talent, marketing talent that will remain obviously but a lot of the investments are kind of one-timers if they're going to be gone this year.
Donald Macpherson: No. They actually made money in the quarter just not as much as they will make on a ongoing run rate basis.
Donald Macpherson: It's both. There are promotional spending, which we're undertaking when are adding new SkUs and going into new verticals.
Donald Macpherson: I think, I would answer that two ways. One is long-term [indiscernible] facility provides capacity and helpful capacity in a couple of ways. That first thing does it, it allows us to stock probably 200,000 more items in the network, because it's a very good pack up for Chicago, Greenville, New Jersey and even Dallas for some degree. It allows us to stock more items, add more breadth, which provides better customer experience. And typically that does drive growth. The other thing it does its next to the report. So, gives you [indiscernible] for sale items, before moving items in the network to get a customers who needs them and that's [indiscernible] customers. We are working through exactly how to bring the building up. We're starting to receive in the fourth quarter and we'll talk more about that at the end of the fourth quarter in terms of what we're using the building for exactly next year and how we're bringing that building up. It's huge and it's going to take a couple of years to get to full capacity for sure that we're going to leverage that building to provide better service to customers next year and improve our cost structure as well. So we'll, talk about that at the end of year.
Donald Macpherson: Terrific. Thanks. Thanks for joining us this morning. I'll just reiterate what we feel are really important about our expectations moving forward. In our U.S. business, we feel that scale really, really matters and gaining share is incredibly important. And so our expectation is that we are going to grow revenue 340 basis points fashion in the market. We feel like we have a great opportunity to do that with a relatively stable gross profit and continuing leverage on the SG&A line going forward. In Canada, we have improved the customer experience. We are re-engaging customers in a positive way. And if we can get volume back into the business, which is our entire focus right now, we're going to be in a place to drive profitable growth. We're excited about being able to serve them all the investments we're making, even in Zoro excited about the growth path there. And we feel really, really good about a lot of the initiatives we have and the customer experience we're providing. So appreciate the time today and look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks.
Thomas Okray: Yes. Gross margins typically improve sequentially Q3 versus Q4 this year. Q4 versus Q3, they typically will improve. And this quarter is going to be no different going into Q4. We are seeing general inflation and tariff inflation going down and that's the main driver for gross profit going up in Q4.
Thomas Okray: It was more targeted. And obviously, we're working on this on a continuous basis. As we said in the prepared remarks, coming up to Q1, we thought we overshot a little bit. So, we went back and really scrubbed. Some SKUs, we raised, some SKUs we lowered overall though we lowered.
Thomas Okray: One other comment related to the first question on gross margin, we also expect some favorability in supply chain to help us out related to Q4. We see softening in the supply chain area, the transportation area. We expect that to also be a factor in Q4.
Thomas Okray: I mean, sequentially, if you look at what we've experienced in Q3 versus Q2, we saw both tariff related inflation and general inflation go down. We expect that to continue in Q4 as well.
Thomas Okray: Didn't say that. We'll come back to what we said for the entire year. We expect to be price cost neutral excluding our pricing rate downs that we've done.
Thomas Okray: Actually, if you look at the tariffs, how we've experienced them throughout the year, they've been fairly constant. And now that we're starting to lap some of the tariffs, we're seeing improvement there. The other thing is you have to reconcile between stated tariffs and what we're actually able to negotiate in terms of realized tariff. And we've got two buckets we work on. One is our own imported parts which come from largely from China, which are impacted directly. And the other ones are national brands, which we work with our supplier partners. So stated versus actually realized is a factor as well.
Thomas Okray: Well, I think what I would say is, where we're at in terms of our share growth where we're at in terms of our share growth objectives and our share growth initiative, seeing flat pricing for the quarter doesn't get us overly exercised as DG mentioned from a volume basis. We grew share quite a bit and at this point where we're trying to get traction on our share gain initiative that doesn't concern us at one quarter we're priced flat. If you look at the entire year, we're price cost neutral when you adjust for the reset from the strategic write down. And we're happy with that. It's what our objective was at the beginning of the year.
Thomas Okray: No, I, I think we're seeing good pricing response. Again, I'll go back to -- we see a flat MRO market in the third quarter included in that flat market is a little over 1% in price offset, little bit over 1% in volume deterioration. We were up 2.5%. So that puts us, well above 350 bps. There's also some weather issues related to the hurricanes last year that we didn't put in our prepared remarks and some government lapping differences. So yes, if you look at that, we're very happy with our volume response.
Thomas Okray: Yes, so we expect that, we expect profitability just to recover some in the first quarter. We did start investing pretty heavily in the first quarter of this year. And it'll just grow -- from profitability to grow from there. So, we will get some improvement in the first quarter's augmentation.
Thomas Okray: Yes. I think just thinking about it the right way. Year-to-date, we're on a total company level where we're 70 bps favorable for SG&A. We expect that percentage to increase for the entire year. We do have a favorable lap related to variable compensation in addition to just a number of other cost productivity ideas and implementation that'll hit in Q4.
Thomas Okray: And as you saw in the charts, we're really happy with the sales growth of both Zoro and MonotaRO. MonotaRO constant currency, local currency basis was up over 23% and Zoro was up big double digits. So, very happy with that.
Thomas Okray: Okay. Well, let me take the first one and I might have to get you to repeat the second one where it was, it was breaking up on our phone here. There are many levers that we can pull in terms of, in terms of gross margin for Q4, why is it historically goes up. Traditionally I think what we've seen is, we've seen cost inflation work its way, work its way down throughout the year, and we have better opportunities in terms of related to pricing terms in terms of vendor rebates, customer support, those types of things, which are quarter-end settlements. And we count those as costs, obviously. Our pricing environment is fairly static throughout the year as DG mentioned with the, the big pricing happening throughout the year. So the main driver in Q4 is really our vendor volume rebates and our customer rebates settlements that we have in Q4.
Thomas Okray: Yeah, I'm, it's pretty just about the impact of the tariff. So the step up from 10% to 25% on the list, three tariffs which would it early May. And then, I think previously close to 10% of your U.S. sales are less three, 10% or less forward. So I'm just wondering why we're not facing some inflationary pressures. Going into Q4 full that would need to be offset with price. Well, we've got part one and part two, which arguably are a lower amount of our cogs, which are laughing in Q4. So, we'll see less of an impact there. Q3, you're right. Is moving from 10% to 25% or did move from 10% to 25% in May. Again, I will take you back to the actual stated info tear off number versus realize, we are experiencing much less than the stated tariff number on an actual basis. So, it's hard to just look at what's stated and, look at the actual results. You really have to focus on the actual realized results. And our team's doing a very good job of working with our supplier partners to mitigate those increases.
Thomas Okray: We are not going to go into specific breakout of Zoro, let's leave it. It's making a small amount of money this year.
Thomas Okray: So, we will have, as we build out the endless assortment, we will have partners that provide distinct over branding whether or not it's an acid box or a label is, is probably up for discussion at this point still. But, the idea is, we will make sure we became this overall branding. Zoro will have more ownership for its own state. It will still leverage free contracts that we have at Grainger and leverage some things at Grainger, but in general it will be more independent. The value proposition will be independent and the business was more independent.
