D.G. Macpherson: Thanks, Kyle. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll provide an overview of our third quarter performance and then pass it to Dee to walk through our results in detail. As I typically do, I'd like to start today's call with some reflections on how our Grainger Edge framework continues to drive our success. Unlike last year, our results in 2023 have not benefited from outsized macro tailwinds and we don't expect this to change for the remainder of the year as MRO market volume growth remained slightly negative. This means we must emphasize the value we bring through our customer experience and supply chain network to drive profitable share gain.  I've recently had the opportunity to spend time with several manufacturing and government customers in California. While the first on their operations, it was clear that our advantaged supply chain, strong digital capabilities and ability to solve complex problems adding value for these customers. All of this is helping us to continue to gain share.  Before we get into the results, I want to share a few examples of how our team members continually deliver our principles and improve the communities where we operate. Last month, our team members assembled more than 4,000 buckets to help natural disaster victims across the U.S. These buckets were strategically placed in regions vulnerable to hurricanes and flooding to ensure residents are prepared to quickly respond when a crisis hits.  And for the second year in a row, Grainger has been recognized as one of Fortune's Best Places to Work for Women. This recognition is based on team member responses to key questions based on trust, respect, credibility, fairness, pride and camaraderie. We know that when team members till heard and recognized, we unlock the full potential of our team and the full potential of our business.  Now let's dive into the quarter.  On Slide 5, you can see we had another strong quarter as demand stayed reasonably steady as we continue to provide strong service and deliver tangible value to our customers. We finished the quarter with sales growth of 6.7% or 8.7% on a daily constant currency basis. Results again were driven by positive performance in both segments, most notably within the High-Touch Solutions segment, where we continue to drive profitable share gain.  Total company operating margin was 15.9%, an increase of 60 basis points over the prior year, has improved gross margin performance driven by continued freight and supply chain efficiencies, along with favorable product mix, largely fell to the bottom line. Combine this with our strong top line performance, and we delivered another quarter of robust EPS growth, record operating cash flow and strong ROIC of over 44%. We also returned a total of $287 million to Grainger shareholders in the quarter through dividends and share repurchases.  In the High-Touch Solutions segment, we are advancing our 5 key growth engines as we continue to leverage our technology and data assets to unlock further value for customers. We remain focused on extending our service advantage and officially broke ground on our previously announced distribution center outside of Portland which we expect will help enhance our service performance in the Pacific Northwest. Within the Endless Assortment business, while we continue to see a softer demand environment, we remain focused on acquiring new customers and improving repeat purchase rates across the segment driving long-term profitable growth. Overall, 2023 is shaping up to be another great year as we follow the Grainger Edge, make progress on our strategy and drive value for customers. We remain on track to deliver over 20% earnings growth for shareholders.  And with that, I'll pass it to Dee to go through the details. 
D.G. Macpherson: Thanks, Dee. Before we close out, I wanted to quickly reflect on the tremendous progress that we've made over the years since our Investor Day last fall. As you may recall, we outlined an earnings framework that got us to some attractive 3-year targets that included us delivering strong top line growth, ramping to record operating margins and producing double-digit EPS growth through 2025. With the 2023 guidance you just outlined, even if you were to normalize for some of the onetime benefits elevating our margins this year, we are trending favorably towards the 2025 targets.  As we look beyond 2023, the core tenets of this earnings framework remain intact. We will continue to focus on maximizing earnings dollars generation by delivering strong top line growth, maintaining healthy gross margins, which we expect are going to stabilize after adjusting for the onetime benefits we realized in 2023 and gaining expense leverage by growing SG&A slower than sales. Executing against this framework positions us well to deliver attractive returns and consistently produce double-digit EPS growth for our shareholders.  With that, we will open up the line for questions. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So government, I think a lot of that. Government has been very strong across the board. We have won some new contracts that have come on board that have helped us this year. And so that has been certainly a tailwind. When we say transportation, I think, arguably, we mean aerospace there. Aerospace has been very, very strong. I think the aerospace companies can't build enough airplanes now. So we're benefiting from that. And I would say the market in general remains stable. There's puts and takes, but those two have been certainly on the plus side for us.  In terms of the 4% in growth that we've seen through October so far, there's a couple of things going on there. One is our market share gain, we think, is going to be pretty strong in October, but we did have Hurricane Ian basically generated a lot of startle and other sales last year for us. And so that compare makes the month look a little worse than it actually it is. The underlying volumes are actually still quite good. 
D.G. Macpherson: Well, I think the reality is the volume this year, the volume in the market has been near 0, pretty much all year. And so all of our volume share gain -- all volume pluses have been share gain, that will continue. I think the biggest difference is moving through the fourth quarter. We had price that happened last year that has been an increase in our revenue line for the first three quarters, but we lapped that going into the fourth quarter. So we don't really see any changes. There's nothing to be made up, but this is exactly how we predicted the year to play out and it's playing out pretty much exactly as we expected. So we are not at all concerned about the revenue line. It's exactly what we expected. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean -- so what I would say is that the adjustments that -- once you take out the adjustments that you talked about, we believe that the High-Touch model will be relatively stable moving forward. And we are trending favorable to kind of targets as we talked about. The earnings model is share gain and stable gross margins and grow SG&A slower than sales, that formula is not going to change, and we expect to be able to continue to do that moving forward. 
D.G. Macpherson: The only thing I'd add to that is that we are not seeing a lot of product cost pressure relative to what we've seen in the last few years. As you might expect, there's been a lot of puts and takes, but generally, we're not expecting a lot of product cost inflation heading into the new year. True. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So what I'd say is Zoro grew -- I'm sorry, MonotaRO grew to about 13% in the quarter. The Japanese market has not been strong. We've been dealing with some inflation for the first time really, in anybody's memory there. I have a lot of confidence that the team is going to be on the right track to continue to deliver strong growth, whether that's approaching 20 like they've done over the last 20 years or something less than that is probably debatable. But there's absolutely no concerns about the performance of that business.  In Zoro, we've seen some competitors to Zoro actually go negative in the last couple of quarters in terms of revenue. And so that has had an impact. The market certainly has had an impact on Zoro. I think you talked about it. The core B2B sales were up high single digits at this point, which is not where we want to be, but not horrible. There's a lot of other factors going on, particularly consumer business that's falling off, and we want that to fall off. But there's a lot of things we're working on that business to continue to get more repeat business out of customers, and we need to get better and better at that, and the team is working to do that. And that will be the real key to us being successful with growth long term as well. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So what I would say is there's two pieces to growth to Zoro. One is that this a very simplified, but one is acquiring customers, Zoro has always been really good at acquiring customers. They've been a good customer acquisition engine. The other is developing repeat business for those customers, so you become the place of choice to shop. We've had some success with that. We have a lot of long-term customers. We need to get better at that piece. So most of what we're talking about doing is how to make alterations, it's not really a strategy change, but we're testing a bunch of things to figure out how to improve that part of the business. And that will be the big area of focus going forward. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean I think that -- let's start with -- as you know, we are building some of our own software for the first time in a long time and customer information and product information were early in the cycle. Product information, in particular, with a core publishing system that we've developed to help the website, help customer positivity on our website, and this helped really drive a lot of growth through both marketing and merchandising.  The customer information system is supporting marketing efforts. It's also supporting seller coverage, which we have been adding sellers and that help us understand where we can add and become more refined in that. So both of those have been a big driver of growth and will continue to be so going forward. And I think that we still have a long ways to go, particularly customer information to leverage it for all of our sales team and all of our marketing activities, but we continue to get better in those areas. 
D.G. Macpherson: In Zoro, that's not the way it works. It's basically one price and spot discounts in some cases. But we don't have differentiated pricing for business to consumers. 
D.G. Macpherson: Well, we haven't really talked about that yet. But we do know that we're not seeing as much product cost pressure as we've seen in the last two years. And there are certain categories where costs will be down that are commodity related and certainly will be up. But generally, we're not seeing a lot of cost pressure. We'll talk about price cost and the actual numbers at the end of the year for next year. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean we're going to continue to invest in the business, but we do believe that we will have consistent over -- in any quarter, you may not see it, but over time, we will have SG&A leverage as we continue to find ways to improve our cost position for us to investing into this. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes, I would reiterate that I think on the customer acquisition piece, which the product breadth really does help, we've actually done quite well. And it's after that, where we're trying to get customers to become repeat customers where we've done well in some cases, but we need to improve that part of the model. And again, not to oversimplify that you use the product breadth to get new customers in, and then you have to become intimate with these customers in some way to get them to repeat buy, and that's really what we're focused on doing. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean we still think that it's going to be a real strong growth driver for the company. We're going to -- like I said, we're running some tests here in the fourth quarter. We're going to learn more, and we'll continue to communicate with you what we think the go-forward growth is as we move forward. 
D.G. Macpherson: No. That really never comes up in customer visits. I was out in Northern California last week. And I would say for our types of products, customers just generally don't ever have like overstock of our inventory, they're buying when they need it. And frankly, a lot of our value proposition is helping them not have too much. So we really pride ourselves in making sure that customers have what they need to keep the business running, and that's really all they have. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. Certainly, we've talked about it before, marketing has been a big part of what's helping us gain share. In terms of media advertising, we generally measure returns based on A/B tests where we test in certain markets and understand what the actual pull-through is from those. And so we -- I would say our marketing area is probably the -- as well in measured areas you could possibly imagine. So we can tell you with a lot of precision what's working and what's not, and that helps us figure out what to do. 
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So I'd probably frame that a little bit differently. So we are first and foremost a product company. We did two things for almost every customer. We help them simplify their purchasing process. We try to make it really easy for them to buy, receive, pay, return if they need to, the products we have, and then we help customers manage inventory. And so for almost all customers that are of any size, we're doing those two things, and those are not actually in the realm of what you would call value-added services, I should just described.  Then there are a whole bunch of value-added things that we provide to our customers often through our supplier partnerships that are service related. They are a minority of our business, but they are important when customers want them. So if the customer wants to do safety audit. It's really important that we can help them understand what challenges they have and help them get better at safety and so we provide that service to our partners. And we will continue to do those things. But generally, I think the thing that's different this quarter is there was, in particular, a couple of very large projects that probably are not likely to repeat, that were driven by things that typically don't happen and so we just wanted to call those out. But our fundamental business model and how we add value to customers is really around helping them get the products they need to keep their operations running, make sure they have the right inventory. 
D.G. Macpherson: All right. Thanks, everyone. We recognize that today is a very busy day for all of you in terms of the number of people that are releasing results, and I appreciate you spending time with us.  Yes, I would just reiterate that we feel really good about the way the year has played out. It's played out pretty similar to what we expected. We continue to invest in the business to drive profitable share gain. That is our primary focus, and we continue to invest not only that, but in our team and in making sure that our customers are successful. So appreciate you joining us. I hope you have a great day. Thank you. 
Dee Merriwether: Ryan, this is Dee. Thanks for your question. Like, if you kind of go back in time and think about where we were about a year ago, we were in the midst of kind of coming out of the pandemic. Product availability was not exactly where we wanted it to be, even though our relative performance was pretty good. And we were expecting to get back in line with product availability much later in this year. That snapped forward really quickly in Q1, and it helped us significantly improve our margins. That's one piece.  The other piece I will point you to is we target price cost neutrality over time. And last year around that time, we expected cost to come in a lot sooner than what they did this year. We had passed price earlier last year in anticipation of that cost. Costs really are now flowing through GP as we expected. So a lot of things are timing related. We do -- we are performing better than what we had anticipated at that time, but really it's due to product availability, price/cost timing as we continue to focus on neutrality. And then we've continued to do very well as it relates to freight and supply chain efficiencies. That was also another timing element. 
Dee Merriwether: And as it relates to the second part of your question, related to the October month-to-date top line growth at 4% and versus our implied for Q4 being in the range of 4.5% to 8.5%. I'll point you to one thing. This time last year, we did support sale-through of products for the recovery related to the Hurricane Ian. And so we are in a period where we're cycling a tougher comp but as the quarter moves on, comps will get easier. So we feel pretty good about the range that we've laid out for the quarter. 
Dee Merriwether: Sure. So you're right, it feels a little early for us to start resetting things. At this point, which I've kind of reiterated the last couple of quarters. But what I would say related to High-Touch and if you compare really Q3 to where we think we're going to go sequentially Q4, I will call out, like in my prepared remarks that we've mentioned our service-related or product mix. That happened as a benefit both in Q2 and in Q3. We don't expect that to continue into Q4. In addition to that, there are some other pieces like that fall into the price cost related to rebates last year. Both years we're doing very good in volume as D.G. noted, but again, volume was really strong last year, still very strong, and then that reset some of your rebates. And so that will kind of fall off a little bit and then price/cost will continue to unwind, Q3 to Q4. 
Dee Merriwether: You are correct. We are very fortunate to have a strong balance sheet. And at the time, based upon our cash flow generation, we don't see a significant need to further lever the business, use the word conservatism. You can use that word. But we don't see a big need right now for that. Now based upon our cash flow generation, our access to capital, if there ever becomes a need for that, we feel like we are well positioned to go into the capital markets to help us with anything. But right now, based upon our operating cash flow and conversion, we feel like we're in a good place with leverage. 
Dee Merriwether: So just to answer your first question, price/cost for High-Touch was 2.5% in the quarter. And again, we take a longer-term view of price competitiveness, remaining price competitive. And due to the lumpiness of all of the components of price and costs that impact the business, if you look at a 2-year stack, we expect to be close to neutral if you accrue '22 and '23. I would say that would be looking ahead, we would not change that position. We are targeting price cost neutrality over time. When we get to early next year and set the 2024 guide, we'll talk in more detail about 2024. 
Dee Merriwether: Yes. So total company is about 60 bps. And again, I think -- I know that the pieces are the same. And so the favorability that we saw in Q2 and Q3 related to some services, project related revenue, which is accretive to the business. At a total company level, that's about 40 bps and as High-Touch, that's about 60 bps. And then the other piece I called out, which is really related to some smaller headwinds related to price/cost and some -- that flows through rebates, that's about another 20 basis point total company and round up to close to that on the High-Touch level as well. 
Dee Merriwether: What we've said and what D.G. set out reiterate that is we've had some onetime benefits if you look at this year. Earlier in the year, we had a freight accrual-related benefit. We had a supplier rebate benefit that we won't see going forward. And then this product mix, which is related to supplier related services -- not supplier, services-related project benefit. When you pull all that together, that's like a 40 basis point headwind year-over-year that we would expect. But outside of those things, we feel like we will be able to maintain relatively stable gross margins. 
Dee Merriwether: So thanks for the questions. So -- we go to market with our customers to help them solve problems, and those problems are solved with a combination of products, as you know, but also services. We have over 400 what we classify as value-added service providers that help us solve those customers' problems. And this is an ongoing revenue stream for us. However, what we have attempted to call out in this quarter and then also it impacted us in Q2 is that we had a larger number of projects in the services area that we do not believe will repeat. Some of those projects include things that are more steady state for us that we have been working with our customers on over the longer period of time are things like lighting retrofits, roofing projects, safety certifications to help them ensure that they are investing in the right products as well as capabilities to ensure that they can pass safety audits, et cetera. 
Dee Merriwether: Yes, that is if you are looking to normalize '23 and are thinking about gross margins on a go-forward basis, that's the 40 basis points. 
Dee Merriwether: Yes. So I think when you look at our results quarter-over-quarter, there are some timing things that happen. We continue to invest in demand generation to help us ensure that we can drive specifically in the U.S. long-term market outgrowth. When you look at prior year quarter, we had a number of things happen. I think you recall, in Q4, we had a LIFO benefit last year that we will all be cycling. But just zooming out a little bit, if you go back to our framework, over time, we want to outgrow the market in the U.S. by 400 to 500 basis points.  D.G. talked a little bit about the fact that we are -- while we are looking to invest in long-term growth, we also look to gain leverage. And if you really looked into how we're doing that, most of our SG&A investments are really targeted towards high-return demand-generating investments. And a lot of the SG&A productivity are leverage. We are gaining in our noncore SG&A expenses and we accomplished that through really continuous improvement. So we're really targeting things that help us with achieving an improved customer experience, but also assist us with operating more efficiently and effectively. Our intent is to continue to invest in demand gen but also look to offset as much of that as we can -- reasonably can do through continuous improvement activities. If you look at that algorithm that we laid out for Investor Day, it talks about driving double-digit EPS growth over the cycle. And so we still expect to do that. 
