D.G. Macpherson: Thanks, Kyle. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll provide an overview of our second quarter performance and pass it to Dee to walk through the financials. Before I get to the quarter, I'd like to start with our Grainger Edge framework, which guides our strategy and behaviors across the company and with our customer and supplier partners. Over the last several years, this has been critical to our response to COVID and our efforts to gain share. Importantly, these principles that you see here for the basis of what we expect of each other. Team members have embraced these principles to build better customer solutions, focus on what matters and move faster to deliver value. They are more than words on a page. They are how we work together to support our customers and team members. One example of the Grainger Edge helping guide our efforts is around ESG. Our principles of starting with the customer investing in our success and doing the right thing, heavily influence our approach. At Grainger, we operate sustainably and with a long-term approach to critical issues. Our ESG approach, which we have reported on now for 11 years, is tightly integrated into the Grainger Edge and increasingly tied to our daily operations. In our recently published 2022 ESG report, we discussed how we are organizing our environmental, social and governance practices, as well as our four near-term priorities, which is where we believe we could make the most impact. These near-term focus areas are: diversity, equity, inclusion, making sure that Grainger is a place where each team member feels welcome and able to give their best work; energy and emissions, we continue to make great progress on improving our carbon footprint, and we have significant plans moving forward; customer sustainability solutions, helping customers reduce energy and water consumption; and finally, supplier diversity, which helps us identify and support great supplier partners to propel the business. Our team members have brought and will continue to bring these priorities into their work with our customers, helping them to achieve their ESG goals and creating even more value. As highlighted in the 2022 ESG report, we have recently worked with the state university to retrofit parking garage lighting, creating over $200,000 in annual energy savings, assisted a CPG company as they build out their supplier diversity program, and partner with a nationwide hospital system in identifying a roofing vendor to install bio-based materials on roughly 500,000 square feet of rooftop, which will reduce greenhouse emissions by 39 million pounds over a 40-year period. These are just a few examples of ESG in action, and I am incredibly proud of how our teams are continuing to live our principles each day as they work with our customers, suppliers and each other to further our efforts in this area. I hope you will take some time to review our full 2022 ESG report, which can be found on graingeresg.com. Turning now to our second quarter results. We had another strong quarter with sales growth of 19.6% or 22% on a daily constant currency basis. Our results were driven by strong performance in both segments. This included 1,000 basis points of market outgrowth in our US High-Touch business fueled by continued solid execution on our strategic initiatives and strong returns on our inventory and supply chain investments. Total company gross profit finished the quarter at 37.6%, expanding 255 basis points over the prior year second quarter. The largest driver of our expansion in the quarter was lapping the prior year pandemic-related inventory adjustment. Even when excluding that adjustment, however, we were still up around 60 basis points year-over-year with both segments contributing to the favorable results. We delivered 13.9% operating margin, an increase of 350 basis points over the prior year second quarter. This is primarily a result of the improved gross margin performance as well as our ability to continue to drive SG&A leverage on the top line growth. In the quarter, we delivered adjusted ROIC of 40.5% and a significant increase over the 29.2% generated in the second quarter of last year. We also returned $219 million to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. It was an excellent quarter all around. As a result of the strong performance and the continued momentum we are seeing through July, we are raising our full year 2022 guidance, which Steve will discuss in more detail And with that, I'll pass it over to Dee.
D.G. Macpherson: Thank you, Dee. Before I open it up for questions, I would make just a few comments. While we may not know exactly what the rest of this and next year will bring from a market perspective, I'm confident in our team's ability to execute, drive market outgrowth and invest in the areas that matter most. The time that I spent with customers this past quarter has reinforced the pride I have in the Grainger team and our ongoing commitment to remain customer-focused. I hear consistently that we have delivered to keep our customers working. As a result of our team's efforts, we have deepened customer relationships becoming the trusted partner to many. We performed extremely well in the quarter, and I am confident that we will produce a strong finish to 2022 and remain well positioned to serve our customers for the years to come. And with that, let's open the line up for questions.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. It's a great question. Thanks for asking. Yes, the initiatives have added more than 300 to 400 basis points, we do on many of the initiatives we do A/B tests and we're able to track what the initiatives are bringing and they've been very, very effective in the last year or so. So we continue to see very strong gain from the initiatives. We are getting some tailwind from our inventory position as well. But the initiatives have been very strong in terms of their performance.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I think more time will help us understand if this is going to be -- if we're going to get to a new norm in terms of higher share gain. Thus far, we've committed to the share gain targets and we'll continue to talk to you about what we expect going forward.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. No, so let me just -- we're not showing experts on every segment, but I will give you some observations. And a lot of this probably has to do with what we've seen through the pandemic and coming out of the pandemic. So if you look at our segment performance in the appendix of the materials, you'll see that slower growth markets, but still growth markets are retail, which is a lot of distribution centers, typically for us, that market was way up the last couple of years. So that has certainly slowed down, but still growing. Health care and government have -- are still growing and have sort of accelerated recently again, but they were -- they're not as strong as general manufacturing, the industrial parts of the economy are certainly growing faster for us than the non-industrial parts right now. So that would be my observation. I think that's certainly consistent with what we're hearing from others as well. But I think the nice thing here is that we are seeing growth in all segments and the share gain is helping us.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. And I would say, and I'll just plug for the Analyst Day, we'll talk a little bit more about this during Analyst Day for sure. But what I would say is, the things we started earlier have proven to be very, very valuable around product information and publishing, which allows us to help -- helps our merchandising efforts and website efforts and print publications as well. And so we've seen really good results from that. We started to see really good results from the investments in customer information as well, in terms of things like improving seller coverage, improving marketing outreach, making sure we're sending the right message to the right customers. So we'll talk more in September about sort of what we have and what we plan to work on from a technology transformation, but we really like the signs we've seen so far, and we've had some very significant results.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean, so with Zoro, what we've talked about is we're going to pass 10 million items this year, unique SKUs. We expect profitability to get to the high single digits over the next several years. It's on a very good path to do that. And from a return on invested capital perspective, it's obviously very profitable given it doesn't have the inventory position. So profitability is getting better. It's going to continue to get better. We think we can get to probably 20 million SKUs at a minimum through Zoro over time, but that's sort of a long-term effort, probably four or five-year effort to get there, we'd expect. And yes, and so competitive set wise, it's a lot of digital players that we see, and there's a lot of them out there, but we continue to perform well and I think we can gain share consistently through that model.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So it's been a challenging labor market to say the least, over the last year or 1.5 years, I'd say. We feel like we are in a good position from a staffing perspective, particularly in areas that are so important like our distribution centers, we've been able to add significantly to our headcount. We still need to manage that effectively on an ongoing basis. And we're looking at what turnover we have, typically at the distribution center, if we -- our biggest turnover is in the first year, people come in, they don't realize the jobs as challenging as it is and may not like the job. So we do see high first year turnover once we get people through that first year, they typically stay and become long-term team members. That continues to be the dynamic, but it's been certainly challenging. We've had to hire a lot over the last couple of years, and we have a turnover in those population pools. Generally, we're very focused on making sure that we have the right staffing levels for the volume that we see and then not adding costs where it doesn't make sense in the business. So we are being careful about sort of headcount additions outside of areas that are sort of volume dependent.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah. So what I would say is the typical customer that we acquire is a small business customer. We have actually gotten out of some of the lower-value marketplaces where we weren't getting business users as frequently as you want. So mostly business customers and relatively small business customers. We are then really focused on getting those customers to repeat. And we've seen really nice results through MonotaRO or over the last year in terms of increasing repeat rates for existing customers. And so that's been a nice trend and a very positive trend. In terms of a downturn, we would expect the underlying growth to be able to sort of power through the downturn, we would be affected by the downturn, but we still think we'd have significant outgrowth from the Zoro model given the way the model works and what we've seen in other downturns in MonotaRO and other places.
D.G. Macpherson: Okay, yeah. Yeah. So we have not -- we've seen a stabilizing of purchase prices from our suppliers. We have had fewer requests for price increases in the last several weeks than we had several months ago, for sure. But we really haven't seen any backtracking at this point. So it's stabilized, but still not -- not going down, going up slightly, going up less than it was going up.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, of course, we don't know exactly what our competitors can get. So this is all speculation. It's still a pretty challenging availability market. There still is certainly, the China shutdown didn't help anything and there's still areas of supply that are challenged. So I suspect we still have an advantage on some level. And I think some of the things we've done with our product information, management system has helped us get to crosses, which has been very important in the last 1.5 years to be able to cross to a functional equivalent, so we can get -- if a product is not in stock, we can actually get customer solutions. So I think we have some advantages. And I would say that we are not out of the woods from a global supply chain in our industry yet. It's going to take some while to get out of this.
D.G. Macpherson: Well, I think one thing I would say is that, it's -- there's -- the signal to noise in some cases is probably lower than you'd like, if you're looking from the outside, because some competitors are taking price at different times. And so what's changed is, we know we are market price competitive now. And we spend a lot more time focused on that. And the pricing changes we've made have been in line with market. Now we may have taken them at different times, later, earlier, depending on how things go, but we we're very confident that we are market priced at this point. And that's our primary tenant for pricing.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I think few additions are a big part of it. I also think that the customers we're going after are business customers. And so, I think, most of what you would see as compares in the digital space would not be business focused, so we think business customers are probably doing better than consumers online right now. And so that's a big part of it too.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. And just to -- I'll try to take this one. I think that the industrial manufacturers that are reporting higher inventory levels. My guess is that, most of that is actually WIP. When you visit customers now, there are many cases in which product is not MRO products. I will get to MRO product in a minute. The product generally is sitting around and you see it, and the reason it's sitting around is they don't have everything they need to actually produce. So they have strong demand, but they just can't get it out the door because they don't have everything they need to produce. And I've seen that at many, many customers that I visited in the last three or four months. I think that's the bigger issue. We don't -- our customers don't have stockpiles of MRO product. That's not the way it works. And in fact, our value proposition is to make sure they have only what they need. And so, our inventory management solutions and such, make sure that we don't have too much stock. And so -- and I'll talk with any customer, it was a backlog of MRO product. I do see supply chain-driven work in process inventory issues at a lot of manufacturers.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean, of course, we haven't really gone through a period driven by a pandemic like this. So any answer here is speculative. I would say that more customer visits that I'm on, our ability to keep customers going has actually led to a lot stickier relationships led to us connecting more directly from a digital perspective, led to us managing our inventory pools, we see very strong growth with our key stock. And so things that we're doing on site are really valued right now. So I'm not overly concerned that, that will be a detriment. Are we going to grow outgrowth of 1,000 basis points every quarter now or not. But we feel like we can gain share consistently and that we've built the right relationships and processes to do that.
D.G. Macpherson: We see nice increases in average order value for the Zoro business. And I think a lot of that has to do with whom we're targeting. We're targeting only business customers. And we found ways to avoid acquiring consumers, I would say, through that process that helps average order value. We expect that to continue to get a little bit better as we continue to refine our processes and continue to get more repeat business from these business customers. But we feel like we're on a trend. It's been a little bit better than we expected actually this year from an average order value. So, probably a little better than expected, but we're basically on the path we want to be.
D.G. Macpherson: So, you're talking about our retail segment within Grainger. Just to make sure you understand what that is, that is a lot of distribution centers, some is e-commerce some is not. So, we do a lot of work with big retailers that are that are traditional as well in terms of helping them. We don't -- we expect that segment to grow slower the rest of the year versus other segments for sure. We don't typically give out sort of segment-level growth guidance, but we certainly are seeing trends that everybody is seeing. And again, I think there's -- the single noise there is probably not that as strong as it might otherwise be because what we saw during the pandemic was those channels explode. And so a lot of our growth was in retail, government, healthcare and now that's reversed because the compares are so high. So, I don't think it's like activity is not strong, it is. It's just not growing as fast as some of the other segments are.
D.G. Macpherson: And the other thing I would say there to add to what Dee said is that the slowdown in inflation in the second half isn't really -- it's not resetting prices or lowering prices. It's basically the comparisons, because we started taking inflation last year in the back half of the year. So it's basically just on the compares to last year, that's the reason.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah. It is in the script. I think you said, we're running close to 21% on a constant currency basis.
D.G. Macpherson: All right. Well, thanks for joining us. It's a pleasure to have you on. I hope you all get to enjoy the rest of your summer. As a quick reminder, we are hosting our Investor Day on Wednesday, September 21. We hope you can join us in person, if possible, at our Northeast Distribution Center in New Jersey or virtually. We really look forward to spending time with you there. And again, thanks for the time, and take care.
Tommy Moll: I was going to ask if you'd seen any slowdown in demand and Dee beat me to the punch. So I guess I'll ask it a different way. Is there any end market or customer anecdote that's not as positive as you could even hope for at this point? Is there anything at all that's changed? I just want to circle back on that, because your comment, you haven't yet seen a slowdown. It was pretty clear at the same time, investors are searching closely for any sign of anything that's changed and there have been at least a few macro indicators that have been met.
Tommy Moll: Yes. That's great. Thank you. Pivoting to a question on your technology investment for high touch. D.G., you've talked for some time about some of the investments you made in the website, the product information systems, customer database, et cetera. Can you bring us up to speed on those initiatives? What inning are we in for this investment cycle? And I was going to ask -- 
Tommy Moll: -- if you could identify any of the fruit that's been borne out of these initiatives, which you've already touched on a little bit, but maybe you could give a few more examples.
Dee Merriwether: So that is on product cost. And so -- if you kind of go back, when we've talked over a period of time, we try to focus on the inflation that comes through product versus what comes through like transportation. And what we have noted is that we -- our goal over the cycle, any cycle is to be price cost neutral as it relates to our product costs, and to cover a majority of any incremental freight costs on a go-forward basis. And as you all probably know, we saw a significant acceleration of fuel pricing during the quarter. And we are working very hard to look for ways to cover some of that incremental freight costs. So it is not -- when we say price/cost neutrality, we're not talking about overall gross margin. It is a component within gross margin.
Dee Merriwether: Yeah. So thanks for the question. And we are generally always in the market from a repurchase perspective. We're not specifically looking to attempt to try to time the market with our repurchases. And we really try to balance that with our cash generation. And so it was nothing more than Q1 and Q2, we have some large cash payouts during those periods as it relates to our bonuses, some tax payments. So it's generally just timing for us.
Dee Merriwether: Well, I'll start D.G. Well, generally, we're continuing as it relates to MonotaRO to ramp up our investments there and fund those investments for carrying two DCs Anegawa and Amagasaki at the same time. So those ramp costs continue to have an impact on us. And similar to the High-Touch segment, the Zoro business is continuing to invest in marketing, payroll costs, as well as technology to drive their long-term revenue growth. So it is just investments during the period of time. And as we get to 2023, specifically for MonotaRO, we expect their operating margins to normalize back to historic levels. And so we'll see some settling out at that point.
Dee Merriwether: Sure. We generally speak to or share our LIFO impact on an annual basis. So what I will say is that with us being in an inflationary period is very important as you can imagine, to stay on top of standard cost increases with product. And so we are doing that. And so we continue to have increased cost inflation within our inventory and COGS related to LIFO, but we feel like we're fairly on top of that now that we've been in this situation for going on two -- well, I won't say two years, close to a year, a year now. So materially, in the quarter, it was a really immaterial impact, but because we continue to update our standard costs on our inventory and cover that LIFO impact with price.
Dee Merriwether: So this is, again, another year that's been difficult to forecast based upon what's going on in the marketplace. But as you know, seasonally, Q3 is a lower gross margin point for us in high-touch US. And we're planning and forecasting for that to be the case. And then we usually see a deceleration, seasonal deceleration with customers on the top line in Q4. And so we feel confident in how we have planned out and provided updated guidance for High-Touch. Nothing to read into that other than, we don't think the last couple of years are necessarily a great benchmark. And so we've gone back and looked at longer term trends to actually forecast how we believe the High-Touch US business will perform for the remainder of this year, taking into account our jumping off point from H1.
Dee Merriwether: So what we're seeing right now is fairly steady. It's hard to see it reversing itself. And I think if you go back and look over a number of prior cycles, there -- I think there's only one instance where there may have been a true give back versus just a slowdown in price inflation, but I think time will tell.
Dee Merriwether: Well, I mean, as you can kind of see our working capital needs have kind of grown with trying to ensure we have the right inventory in stock to meet demand, and to support our customer sales. And so we see that trend continuing. I will say some of the AR growth is starting to stabilize here for us a little bit. And just inside, collections are strong, so we have no issues with collecting from our customers. But it's more a matter of ensuring that we have the right inventory on a go-forward basis. We still will have strong growth, as you know, in the back half that's implied by the guidance. So no big material changes. I would just say a little bit more stability as it relates to working capital needs.
Dee Merriwether: Well, I mean, based on what you just heard, D.G. say, we still -- as our customers continue to operate, they will still need MRO product. And we're building inventory on some SKUs. And on some SKUs, we still can't quite build inventory. So we will continue to attempt to get inventory back -- levels back to where we feel they need to be to meet demand.
Dee Merriwether: So, as we go through the Q3, I kind of noted it ends up being low point for GM for us. We're looking at continuing to pass on any inflation that we may see. We have another opportunity to potentially do that within the third quarter, but it will be nowhere as meaningful as like our first quarter increases have been. So, we're looking to -- from a full year perspective for price to end around 9% to 10% range, and we're a little bit higher than that now. And so we're just looking to end the year, price cost neutral which is our overall goal. And so -- and as D.G. noted, while remaining price competitive.
Dee Merriwether: So I think it's just timing of our investments. And so earlier this year, like in most years, we have our variable comp payout, and this year based upon performance, we were able to accrue some of those expenses based upon how we were running in H1 and settled out in line with our guidance and our forecast. So we don't see a lot of incrementality in the second half from that perspective. And we're continuing to invest at a more steady rate. And again, as D.G. noted, we started some of those investments a little hotter last year in the second quarter. So we're comping some of that year-over-year from an SG&A perspective. But the numbers are right.
