D.G. Macpherson: Thanks, Kyle. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, I'll provide an overview of our first quarter performance and then pass it to Deidra to walk through the financials in detail. Grainger started 2023 focused on what matters most. Providing our customers with the products and services they need through exceptional service. We remain closely embedded with our customers, finding ways to help them manage their inventory, reduce costs, achieve their ESG objectives and successfully run their operations. Two weeks ago, I had the opportunity to visit with several customers in the manufacturing space in one of my favorite Midwest cities. I heard very clearly how well our teams have served them in the last few years, giving us great opportunity to grow with these customers in the future. We win when we serve our customers exceptionally well and my interactions with our teams and customers this quarter have been a great example of how we are winning each day. Many customers, especially those in the industrial space, continue to see solid end market demand for their products. However, we do see some customers with more consumer-facing exposure heading into a softer demand cycle. No matter what economic uncertainties our customers are facing, we remain committed to our overall focus of helping our customers keep their operations running and their people safe. This consistent approach and relentless focus on the customer rallies our team and fuels our results. As you can see, we again delivered a strong quarter of performance to start the year as demand remains resilient and as we continue to execute well. We are making progress on our strategic growth engines in our high-touch model as we further our merchandising efforts, continue to make smart marketing investments, expand our inventory management capabilities for customers and build out tools to better equip our sellers. The Enlist assortment business continues to execute their strategy as they add SKUs at Zoro, expand with enterprise customers at MonotaRO and at a healthy clip of new registered users each quarter. Our momentum is further supported by our world-class supply chain and distribution network, which benefited from an uptick in product availability as supplier lead times improved. This resulted in a sharp improvement in our service metrics to near pre-pandemic levels, faster than we had anticipated at the start of the year. With this swift improvement, we were able to meaningfully decrease frictional costs within the network by reducing average shipping distance and minimizing handling costs. All while delivering a higher percentage of orders complete and next day. This improvement is a reminder of just how much unusual and extraordinary activity we did to get products to customers through the pandemic and subsequent availability challenges. The return to more normal supply chain performance is great news for our customers and our supply chain team. The progress made across all these fronts helped drive great financial results for the first quarter, where we finished with sales growth of 12.2% and or 14.5% on a daily constant currency basis. Results again were driven by solid performance in both segments, most notably within the High Touch Solutions segment, which outpaced the broader MRO market by approximately 750 basis points in the US. Total company operating margins were 16.6%, an increase of 200 basis points over the prior year period on improved gross margin performance due primarily to the supply chain efficiencies just discussed. Combined with our strong top line growth, we delivered EPS of $9.61 per share and a strong ROIC of 45.6%. During the quarter, we produced record operating cash flow of $454 million with free cash flow of $356 million, and we returned a combined $229 million to Grainger shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. And yesterday, we were pleased to announce a $1.86 quarterly dividend, which represents an 8% increase. This marks our 52nd year of consecutive dividend increases, a track record that we are proud of. Finally, based on the strong start to the year and continued support of trends at April, we are raising our full year 2023 guidance, which Steve will outline in just a bit. With that, I'll turn it over to Dee to take us through more detail on the quarter.
D.G. Macpherson: Thank you, Deid. Before I open it up for questions, I would make just a few comments. Granger was recently named to the Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work -- for list for the second year in a row. As you know, this is an exclusive recognition, one that honors companies with the best cultures, workplaces and people. Along with this list, we have also been named to the best places to work for women and the world's most admired companies, among others. We view this recognition as an output of the work we do to create a welcoming culture and a highly motivated team. I remain confident in Grainger's ability to create tangible value, deliver flawless experience and drive profitable growth over the long haul. And with that, we'll open the floor for questions.
D.G. Macpherson: Sure. Thanks, Chris. Yes. We are certainly seeing supply chains improve. I do think that a lot of the work we've done through the pandemic in the last three years has helped build some stickiness with our customers. I was -- every customer I go into, we've expanded our KeepStock operation if there of any size. We're filling bins, we're doing more and supporting customers to make sure that they have the right inventory in the right place. And I think that's been a big part of it. We continue to see really good results from merchandising, from marketing, from KeepStock and from our supply chain performance. All those things continue to be an advantage for us and helping us gain share.
D.G. Macpherson: And in terms of customer response, what I would say, Chris, is that all of our -- effectively all of our share gain in the last three years has been on volume and not price. So we are priced competitively. And so we are not seeing unusual reactions from customers because we've maintained that competitiveness in our prices.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah. So roughly 80% of Zoro's business is business to business customers that are small businesses and midsized businesses those, while they continue to perform pretty well in the first quarter. We are seeing sort of across everything smaller businesses and consumer-facing businesses slow down relative to certainly large and industrial-type businesses. So there's a mix here thing that's going on. And then the 20% that is not business to business, some of that came through the pandemic, as you might imagine. That has been down fairly substantially in the first quarter. So that's been a drag. Net-net, we still expect the endless assortment to be low double-digit growth, and we expect the segment to perform well during the year, but we do expect our -- to be below what we expected at the begin of the year.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah. I think there's several things that happen, Ryan. I mean if you went back to the fourth quarter of last year, we were really solid in terms of our own distributions at our performance and our own and outbound freight at that point. Inbound freight was getting better and supply lead times are starting to get better, but still fairly elongated. We've seen both supplier lead times domestically and cushion freight come in faster than we expected and recover faster than we expected. So therefore, we have received a whole bunch of products into the system. And I mean it's probably obvious when you think about it. But if you went back a year ago, there were a lot of back-ordered items. And so if a trailer, let's say, came into our Greenville D.C. at once of compressors or something. Everywhere in the network we point to that when it was received and we ship it all over the country to get product to customers. Now we have that same product coming into every DC and so we're shipping shorter distances and that's a big benefit in terms of for us at this point. And the other benefit is we're not having to work over time in our distribution centers where we were a year ago, and that part of that goes into gross margin, too, because that's part of handling costs. So that -- those are the benefits we're seeing. And a lot of it -- supplier lead times are still slightly extended from before the pandemic, but they are getting much, much closer, and there are fewer outliers than we expected at this time.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah. I mean I won't go into too much detail. Obviously, AI has been a rating topic. If you think about artificial intelligence, or intelligence, there's machine learning, which is a subset of artificial intelligence is their deep learning a lot of what's been talked about lately is deep learning generative AI, which you can write up your favorite song. We have been using machine learning for a long time and things like helping us get search right and effectively, I think the challenge here is to figure out where you can drive improvements through AI from customer interactions from operations for back office, and we have efforts going in all of those areas and it's like any other technology to point it to the right problem. And I think that's probably going to be the most important thing for us to think about as we learn more.
D.G. Macpherson: There's a lot of good signs, I would say, in Canada right now, I think we're seeing nice growth in the business, and we continue to see profitability improvements, we're probably in the fifth or sixth inning, I think, of getting to where we want to go. We are exactly on the path we expected to be on in terms of growth and profitability at this point. So the team there has done a really nice job of improving that business and working with the entire North American team to make sure that we are supporting the business and driving profitable growth. We feel pretty good about it.
D.G. Macpherson: Yeah. I mean it's a really interesting question. We -- Grainger has always had a wonderful culture, one where people really wanted to do the right thing for customers and very highly ethical company. About six years ago, we went through a process to say what needed to change. And we outlined a set of principles that we talk about at every meeting at every, every day basically and say are we in, in those principles. I think the things that have probably moved the most have been making sure we're starting with the customer, making sure we're competing with urgency and making sure we're acting with intent, meaning working on the things that really matter. I think our culture historically might have not always been as focused on a few things that matter and stay on them as long as needed to make them really great. And I think that's been a big focus for us as a leadership team. And I think that's probably a shift. I mean the shift is slow, to be fair, cultures don't change overnight, and so we're constantly working on it. The business I think we've been most focused on that have been a little bit different from the past.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. I mean I think we're -- I wouldn't -- so managing it better is probably relative. I think we did quite an amazing job of managing through the pandemic through what was a really difficult time in the supply chain. I think it was actually extraordinary looking back, I think. But I think now it's easier to manage because we actually have the product in the right place. And so we're able to let our system work the way it's intended to work. In terms of are there further opportunities, there are always further opportunities. We have an expectation that we will get better every single year from that productivity and service basis. The teams are always identifying things to work on that can improve our service to our customers and the productivity, and we'll continue to do that.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So as we built the plan for this year, we knew that our comparison would get harder as the year went along because we came out of the pandemic in every month last year, we effectively got better. So I'd say we're right where we expect to be right now. The 11% is seasonality-wise, is normal. And the relative growth rate is only down slightly because we continue to improve through the year last year. So we're basically on what we expected to see at this point.
D.G. Macpherson: Yes. So the Masaya Suzuki, who is the CEO of MonotaRO also leads that business and the person reporting to him Kevin he's been with us for 15 years left to take a CEO job, which was great for him. And Sandy Mattison who Officer has moved in, I don't expect to see big shifts Sandy knows the business well, and we're just continuing to push on the core initiatives and Masaya is still supporting her and we're supporting her to make sure we can continue to improve that business and grow.
D.G. Macpherson: No, I think you're hitting on it. I think that's right. I think consumer-facing businesses are slowing much more than industrial. But generally, I would say that the pattern is more industrial is doing better, less industrial is slowing more and then bigger companies are generally doing better, I'd say, than smaller companies are.
D.G. Macpherson: We see -- with the high-touch model, we've seen pretty good growth with midsized customers and with national accounts, for sure. I would say the midsized customers are growing significantly faster than national accounts had seen a couple of years ago. So we do feel like, and we see that through the Zoro model too, where we're seeing businesses maybe not grow as fast as larger businesses. But in general, we're still seeing good growth with the high touch across both national accounts and advertised customers.
D.G. Macpherson: I mean, well, certainly, we -- in the fourth quarter, we saw low 20s growth in manufacturing in the first quarter, we saw mid-teens growth with manufacturing. So still growing strong, a lot of this is sort of looking back at what happened with the pandemic, and we saw huge growth rates coming as we recovered and now we're sort of moderating. But we still see, I'd say, I was with some customers I talked about in the opening. And all of the -- one of them was probably going to shrink a little bit this year, but that was on huge compares to the two years before. So it's not like it's -- activity is not strong. It's just less not growing as much and the other two are going to grow. So I think I think we're still manufacturing activity in general at this point.
D.G. Macpherson: All right. Thanks for joining us. I appreciate you know it's a busy earnings day in the world today. So thanks for taking the time. I would just finish by wanting to thank our team for the right work they're doing to make sure that we continue to gain share continue to serve our customers well and do it the right way. And with that, I'll say goodbye. Thanks for joining us.
Dee Merriwether: So yeah, Chris. How you doing? I would talk about the -- the last part of your question, I believe, first, which was you asked about producer price push. That has, of course, become less and less over a period of time. So it's basically modest as what we have seen of late. However, as you know, in the first quarter is when we implemented some of those costs are pulled them through to our system. And so for Q1, it's traditionally a high watermark for us for price cost. And as you noted, we expect to unwind some of our price cost positivity from 2022 as a result through the next couple of quarters.
Dee Merriwether: So thanks for the question. Obviously, we've had a really strong start to the year. And as I noted, we really feel like from a GP specifically in high touch, we're at a high watermark based upon the unwind that we're going to experience with price costs. A lot of the favorability that we experienced this quarter relates to our availability improving and some of the friction costs coming out faster and probably a little bit more pronounced then we would expect that is driving our results up. We did have a, I would say, a non-comparable freight impact of about 20 bps as you look at the outlook for the rest of the year. But other than that, we feel pretty confident in staying at this level based upon what we see right now.
Dee Merriwether: So good question. I would say, with strong cash generation and M&A is always something that can be on the table. We have a small group here that looks for opportunities mostly in the capability space for us potentially, but nothing on the horizon as of yet. If you know our history, our view is not looking for a roll-up of smaller distributors that don't have a go-to-market focus that matches ours, which is selling on value and service to customers. So those are a little harder to find, I would say, but we do have a team stand that stood up to look at opportunities, but we don't see anything significant in the horizon.
Dee Merriwether: Sure. Just to roll up what you said a little bit, we really focus on PPI and IP to -- as a predictor or outlook of the MRO market. And our estimates about where it stood as we put together our guide, which is showing volume down 3% to flat in the US and price between 4% and 5%. So that's where we were at the end of the year as we look at the latest updates of IP and PPI there about there. And so underlying a lot of our assumptions is the MRO market growth, including price and volume of about 1% to 5%.
Dee Merriwether: So we had incredible progress towards those targets, as you can see in this quarter and then in the full year last year. But as we all are looking at the environment, the macro environment is still very fluid. And it's been incredibly difficult to forecast, at least more difficult than usual. With that being said, we are doing, of course, better than our performing better than our target, if you extrapolate our performance out. However, I would like to have a couple more data points underneath my belt and have the macro unfold a little bit more, especially with continued recession moving and predictions of a slowdown, and we will revisit those estimates at the right time.
