Don Macpherson: Thank you, Dee. Before I open it up for questions, I would make just a few comments. First, we performed extremely well in the quarter. I'm proud of the team and the way we've executed, focused on serving customers well and navigated through some of the bigger challenges that we discussed at the beginning of the call. We continue to execute on our growth drivers, drive operational excellence and strengthen our culture. We are well positioned to continue serving customers well and they have a very strong 2022. As we shared last quarter, I'm excited to provide some information on our upcoming Investor Day. We will be hosting it on Wednesday, September 21 at our Northeast distribution center in Bordentown, New Jersey. We will be focused on providing more details on our strategic initiatives and longer-term outlook, as well as provide a tour of our DC, where we will highlight some of our automation and ESG investments at work. More detailed information will be available in the coming weeks, and we certainly look forward to an exciting day. With that, we will open up the lines for questions.
Don Macpherson: Yes, yes. It's a great question. Thanks for asking. So I think the business is on a very sustainable path to profitability. We have reset the way the business operates over the last 3 or 4 years. We're seeing signs of share gain returning into that business. The cost structure is in a good place, and we're seeing growth with some attractive customer segments, most notably manufacturing in healthcare. And that business just continues to get better and better, from a profitability perspective, and it's steady, and it's going to continue to be a steady rise in profitability, but we feel pretty good about the path we're on.
Don Macpherson: Yes. I think Dee talked about it. We're pretty much back to prepandemic mix. I'd say, there's a slight elevation in some of those products. I can't really predict what customer behavior is going to be around those products, given the way the virus proceeds. But what I will say is that we see most customers going back to some normalcy. I've been in a number of manufacturing plants the last couple of weeks. And in almost all cases, there isn't a lot of new PPE versus what was borne in 2019 being used. So we don't expect it to be hugely elevated, mask and sanitizer sales, going forward. And we're pretty much back to normal, still elevated, but not that much.
Don Macpherson: I can give you my perspective and Dee, if you've talked to customers that have a different perspective. I have not talked to all that many energy customers. I have talked to a lot of heavy manufacturing, line manufacturing commercial customers. And despite -- we talked about -- a little bit about it despite sort of the uncertainty of the world, everybody right now would say super busy, just hanging on. If I can get the supply chain parts into my operation, I have the demand, and we see that through most of the customers that we're talking to, right now. So a lot of positivity. I haven't been -- I'm trying to think, it's been a while since I've been in an energy plant. So I don't have that perspective. But generally, customers are pretty bullish on demand, right now.
Don Macpherson: Very well. It's -- Dee mentioned that it's 20%. It's, if anything, it's been slightly better than what we saw for 1Q revenue in April. But generally, it's very, very good.
Don Macpherson: Yes. And we've talked about some of these things before. The primary initiatives for us are around continuing to improve our product assortment through merchandising efforts and making it easy for customers to find what they need. We continue to make great progress there. We see cause and effect in terms of driving share gain through that effort. Our marketing efforts, we're getting more capable in terms of marketing, spending money in the right places and getting really strong returns out of marketing, and that's a big piece of it. We see a nice expansion of our KeepStock offer, so becoming more integrated with our customers' inventory management practices and supporting their inventory management practices. Those are things that have been very consistent and are a bit evergreen for us at this point, in the sense that we're always getting better at those and we -- those -- cause actually drive significant share gain. I don't think there's really anything even idiosyncratic. I think the core thing that we are working on, I would add providing better insights to our customers to help them manage their business, they cost out, and I think we're getting better and better at that as well. But the only idiosyncratic thing would probably be supply chain related. I think, through this time, we've done a better job than most of managing, adding product of finding customers' substitute products, if we don't have products, and being able to serve them. And so we're probably getting some -- it's hard to quantify from just having inventory and being able to serve customers where others cannot.
Don Macpherson: Yes. Yes. I mean -- so what I would say is, we feel like we are price competitive at the gross margins we're at. We feel like within the High-Touch, the 40% number is going to be a fairly stable number over time. Our company gross margins are likely to go down slightly, just given the assortment growth continues to be -- to grow faster than the business, and then they tend to operate at a lower gross margin and lower SG&A. But in terms of the segment performance, we actually expect pretty stable gross margins over the next several years.
Don Macpherson: We certainly have seen some improvement in -- particularly, domestic freight, in terms of service. And price increases have certainly moderated. They were starting to moderate a little bit on ocean freight as well with the lockdown in China. You know how that's going to play out. But yes, we would say something similar, where things were easing a little bit and continue to do that domestically, the overseas piece is probably the more complicated .
Don Macpherson: Yes. I think, just working with our customers, understanding the value we provide, the value we create, seeing some midsized outgrowth and having confidence as we continue to return to more industrial product as we've seen. We just feel like our price is in a competitive place. And we can continue to support our customers and provide what they need and sell on the value that we provide. And that's really what our business is based on. And we're going to continue to do that.
Don Macpherson: Yes. So I would first comment that the China shutdown is going to take weeks and maybe longer for that to flow through, in terms of understanding the impact. I would say that ex that, what we were seeing before was still significant supply chain challenges but more isolated to specific suppliers that were having trouble getting product to meet their manufacturing needs. And so it wasn't as widespread as transportation improved. And we do buy a lot domestically as well. And so for customers that have the materials that we haven't seen, labor has gotten a little bit better and transportation got a little bit better. There's still plenty of pockets of challenges though. And we still see -- it's still a challenged supply chain, from our suppliers' perspective, in many cases, but it is more isolated to specific suppliers rather than -- it was broad-based this time last year. You would have just said, it was kind of chaos, and it's less chaos now, but there's still plenty of challenges.
Don Macpherson: I don't think -- so to answer the second part first, I don't think there's a significant change in the mix of the portfolio. We have more on those assortment business, but I don't -- that will probably perform similarly. The short answer is, we generally perform well in downturns. We look at share gain during downturns, and it's usually been very good. Part of that is because we are steadfast in maintaining service to customers in downturns, and that allows us to serve customers better than many others can. And we generally still generate a whole bunch of cash during downturns and still perform well. Obviously, everybody takes a hit. We take a financial -- you can go back and look at 2008, '09, is probably the most severe one we've had, and you can model what happened there. But we're -- one of the things that I would sort of say is, we are -- while we don't know when a recession will hit, we are certainly aware of the uncertainties of the world and we are being very mindful of the cost of running the business. So we are prepared for anything that happens. But in general, we performed well, and we would expect to do that again.
Don Macpherson: Yes. So -- and Dee, do you want to -- you may have the details. Roughly, if you go back over a kind of 10-, 12-year period, we were at about $2 billion of midsized customers. We dropped below $1 billion. We're now, I think, $1.5 billion or more, $1.6 billion, maybe this year, something like that, is the expectation. We're still to and change market share with midsized customers. We feel like we've got a long road ahead. And we continue to do a really nice job of reacquiring customers that left us, and then growing with existing customers and building solid relationships. So we think we've got a long runway, in terms of share gain, with midsized customers.
Don Macpherson: No, I wouldn't say we had many missed sales. We have -- I mentioned this a little bit before, more than ever, probably we're relying on some of our product information investments to make sure we can get customers to substitutes. But we wouldn't have any sort of things that wouldn't be in the news already. Obviously, if a product has a chip in it, that's been a challenge. There are certain commodity products that have been challenged. So I won't call out specific products, but I would say, we've done a nice job of finding alternatives in most cases, and it's hard to argue that we're missing too many sales. I'm sure we are missing some sales and they're just not occurring because nobody has those products.
Don Macpherson: This is -- first of all, we have not had many customers that closed shop. I mean, we've been with our customers throughout. There were a few in certain categories that shut down. So if you said cruise lines, which we have cruise line customers, obviously, they shut down. And you'd see a little bit of that type of growth potentially there, but it's a very small portion. Hospitals, governments, manufacturing plants, retail organizations in terms of distribution centers have all been open the whole time. So one of the things that's been maybe surprising through the pandemic is just how consistent the growth has been. If you go back to 2019, we've seen substantial growth, and we saw really growth only in the front end of the pandemic in 2022 that we really see a drop because most customers actually kept operating. And so, I think it's just normal business. We don't see much restocking going on.
Don Macpherson: Yes. We've been making a strategic pivot with that business for the last several years, dramatically expanding the product line, building new data analytics capabilities, getting that business independent from a technology stack. So there's been a lot of investment that's happened. In terms of the question specifically you're asking, we have done a whole bunch of analysis, working with the team in Japan, on customer profitability. And customer profitability, not in terms of the first transaction but in terms of lifetime value. And we are skewing our efforts to attractive business customers. And so what you've seen is dropped some volume that we certainly could have in the short term because it's just not helpful in terms of creating a profitable long-term business. I think, ultimately, it actually will accelerate our growth rate as we get better at acquiring and getting attractive customers to the second, third order, where they become more frequent buyers. But certainly, we have made a little bit of a shift in getting out of some channels that were lower lifetime.
Don Macpherson: I think the price volume wasn't much different than what we saw in the whole business that we talked about before. So high single-digit price and substantial volume growth is what we're seeing in that business at this point.
Don Macpherson: Yes. It's a great question. I think what I'm hearing from customers is, most of the work that we've done has been highly valued to support their operations and to keep them up and running. And in many cases, we've actually added inventory management solutions to our KeepStock solutions or further embedded in customers really, really want to continue to have long-term relationships. So you could argue there may be some pullback, but that's really not the behavior we're seeing, and it's not what we're hearing from our customers. Our customers are saying, if anything, we've learned a whole lot about who we want to partner with and why we want to partner with them through this. And our ability to keep customers going is super valued, and I think it will continue to help us be sticky with those customers.
Don Macpherson: Yes. Dee, why don't you -- do you want to jump in? I can not hear you, Dee. I can take it then. So what we basically have been looking at is, we took price, obviously, through some of the back half of last year as well, as everybody has. We think prices will moderate a bit. So we don't think the level we're at will be the full-year number year-over-year because we think that the price increases will moderate. That doesn't mean prices will go down, they won't. But relative to some of the changes that we made last year, you'll start to see a bit slower -- a lower difference. So we would expect them to moderate somewhat, still a pretty healthy price, obviously, this year.
Don Macpherson: Sure. Thanks, everybody, for joining us. It is a pleasure to have you on and hope you're all doing well. I would just reiterate the fact that we're completely focused on what we can control, and that's making sure we advance our strategic initiatives to grow profitably. Building the culture, we think, is really, really important and making sure that we serve our customers well. And while there are many things going on, the market right now is very, very strong, and we feel good about the share gain performance we're getting. We feel good about what we're seeing in both models. And really optimistic for the future. So thanks. I hope you all have a great rest of the week, and take care.
Dee Merriwether: I was just going to concur. My time with customers is similar to DG's experience up to this point in the year.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. So when we talked about guidance last year, I think a lot of the underlying assumptions really stick, even with some strong performance up to this point. We, of course, had to lap for the E&O adjustments. The first quarter is the time when we work with our suppliers on some of our largest price increases in line with our cost cycle that we work with them. I know the cost cycle has been a little unusual, but I will say, the seasonality related to our price changes, we are assuming the same types of outcomes. So you are exactly right. We feel like Q1 will be a higher watermark as it relates to that, and we will moderate as we go through the year. Again, some of the tenants are the same. We're still focusing on price/cost neutrality and remaining price competitive in this market.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. Yes. And on midsized customers, I think it's a good assumption now to use high single-digit number.
Dee Merriwether: Well, sure. Yes. We returned to an in-person Grainger show in Orlando in February. That's what I meant in my prepared remarks related to a show. It was really great to be back in person. Our show was well attended. We heard great feedback from our customers and from our team members. From a Q1 GP perspective, the show provides a modest tailwind for us year-over-year. And that's due to supplier funding, as you can imagine. And this favorable impact through the year will moderate versus prior year as we will go through the year.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. Sorry, I don't know, there was a problem with my line, I apologize for that. Yes, we -- in High-Touch U.S., I know specifically, we usually talk a little bit about our pricing outlook. And so we're expecting price to be about 6 to 7 for the year.
Dee Merriwether: Yes. So we've kind of usually talked about the lumpiness of price for us and how it impacts gross margin through the year, with a large portion of our High-Touch U.S. business being contract based. So in light of still saying suppliers continue to come in, with cost inflation request and our ability to continue to work with them on that, when we look at the outlook, we believe that staying in line with our current gross margin is most feasible right now, knowing that we're going to have some lumpiness as we continue to appropriately pass through some inflation as it comes through off-cycle. As the year progresses, as you know, the math works, you have less months to push some of that through.
