Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. Thanks for the question. In terms of what behaviors we really saw with COVID, it was an increase in what – well, first of all, there was an increase in almost everything across the board, which I think was somewhat temporary and is now returning to baseline levels of growth, which is partially what we’re seeing, but in terms of some of the more permanent trends, I think more people are doing kind of synchronous forms of connection. So voice calling and video calling, I think, we’re seeing a continued to be elevated in a lot of areas. We’re seeing a stronger need for community. That’s been a theme that we’ve seen for a while, but I think especially with COVID and people feeling a little more isolated that has grown the need to do that online that we’re really going to double down and invest in that area to help even more than we are today, building out the infrastructure for communities as a foundation going forward. People have more time where they want entertainment, so we’re seeing video and gaming and things like that grow as well. And that seems to have been sustained. That’s on top of all the commerce trends where I don’t think we know exactly which way this will turn as Dave and Cheryl both said whether this is a sort of a one-time shift towards a dramatic increase in the amount of commerce that’s happening online, versus a continued trend that we will see. But certainly we haven’t seen any decline or return to baseline off of the quite elevated levels of online commerce behavior that we see both from consumers and small businesses.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. Well, I can take the first one in terms of some of the milestones for the next computing platform. I think that there are a few things that I’m really looking for. So there’s virtual reality, there’s augmented reality. And then there’s the whole kind of operating system of sort of spatial computing and 3D around that. And there are pieces that need to come together on each of those. VR, we are the most advanced in, the big milestone that I’m focused on here is we want to get to 10 million active units in our VR systems, because we think at that point that’s when it will become the ecosystem will really be able to be self-sustaining and accelerate where independent developers will be able to start. It will really economically make sense for independent developers to prioritize the Oculus platform above alternative gaming platform is because the install base will be sufficiently large, that they will get good returns. Right now, we’re funding a lot of the content development ourselves. But we hope that, that at some point in the next few years, we’ll reach that. And we feel like we have line of sight to that. Part of building out AR is going to be a little bit harder in that. VR, people do it, they do at home. It’s meant to be pretty immersive. Obviously, you want the headset to be as small and comfortable as possible, but fundamentally it’s not the type of thing that you’re going to be wearing down the street that you need to really have a very kind of stylish or socially acceptable form factor just yet. Whereas I do think to have viable augmented reality consumer glasses, you need to clear a number of technological hurdles to make it so that all of that technology fits and what would be kind of a normal, maybe thick rimmed consumer glasses form factor. So these are – there were a number of fundamental technological advances that still need to be made there, which is why I think that that product is still a few years out. But it’s one that we’re very excited about. The work that we’re doing on VR and AR, we’ll share some of kind of the operating system and ecosystem around them of 3D development and spatial development. And that’s also shared across some of the AR effect and things that we’re seeing, people use in Reels and the Camera and Instagram and Facebook and Messenger. And that work I think is going quite well, where there are hundreds of thousands of creators and developers and people building for that, but all of those pieces basically need to come together for the ecosystem to work. And I’ve been very impressed and excited by the progress that our teams have made on this. But I think that the new Quest 2 product is extraordinary. I love using it. And I’m really proud of the work that we’ve done there.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I think the short answer is yes. I think the goal is to build out a commerce platform around messaging with all of the tools starting with Facebook Shops, which we’ve already announced will be coming to WhatsApp and Messenger. So any small business, we’ll be able to set up a shop and have that kind of automatically establish a presence in those services too. We’re building out a number of tools around business messaging, so that people can follow-up and complete transactions and get support through messaging, and then payments so people can complete transactions too. One of the early monetization products that is working quite well or click to messaging ads, so that way someone can get a business can run ads in Facebook or Instagram and in the destination for that ad can take the person to a thread, chat thread, either in Messenger or WhatsApp to kind of further build out the relationship with the consumer or a completed transaction. And that’s growing quite well. And I’m quite excited about that, but overall, this is a big priority is building out all of these commerce tools both to that small businesses and all kinds of businesses can do this kind of commerce in Facebook and Instagram, but also within messaging, like you say.
Mark Zuckerberg: I’m happy to jump in here. I’m quite excited about the progress here. It’s still quite early. We’ve expanded Reels into more than 50 countries. We’ve launched a number of new features. The results are encouraging. There’s a lot more work to do here as well. And I don’t have any specific numbers to share here. Dave, I assume you don’t have any specific numbers that you would share either.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. I mean, I think your question on augmented reality is a really good one, because it hits on the fact that we mostly talk about it as a long-term new kind of platform. But in the next couple of years, I also think that there will be opportunities to build these kind of features into our mobile apps in an increasing way to kind of help people express themselves like they’re doing in Reels and stories and in our cameras. We have – as you probably know, rolled out a number of augmented reality, commerce tools in ad format, right. So the type of thing is like for cosmetics, people can try on lipstick or sunglasses to see what they would look like on them. We think we can get to the type to the place where – for more kind of items that you might buy to put in your house. We’ll be able to for a lot more of that stuff, be able to visualize what it would look like in your living room, just through your camera and an augmented reality tool try on clothes, different things like that over time. So there is a lot of this work that I think will help out by building new, innovative experiences in our mobile app. And all of that is also contributing to building up this longer-term development platform around 3D and facial computing that will be very foundational to all of the VR and AR work longer term as well.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can speak about inter-op. It’s been a long-term infrastructure project that we’ve been working on to make it that people can send messages between the apps. We’ve started rolling out interoperability between Messenger and Instagram messaging. And that’s live in a lot of countries around the world now, including in the U.S. The initial feedback I think has been quite positive as it brought a number of features to Instagram that we previously it only had in Messenger. The big benefit, the way that I think about this is that in a lot of countries around the world there is a primary messaging app that most people use. In the U.S., that it doesn’t quite exist in the same way. iMessage is certainly the leading messaging app. But of course, people on Android can’t use it. And there’s still a quite large portion of the population is on Android. So the messaging experience in the U.S. is very fragmented compared to what you would experience if you were in India or China or Brazil, or a lot of countries in Europe, which I think just makes it confusing. It means that people have to have all these different apps to reach people that they’re not sure where to reach people. It makes it a little bit harder to build out the business ecosystem, because now businesses have to work across all these different places. So our goal is to make it, so that people can just choose the one of our apps that they prefer using the most for messaging and can reach all the people who they want to reach across all of our different apps from whichever of the apps is their favorite. And of course, they can continue using multiple if they want. This is going to be a choice that people have. But I think it should simplify things and make it to that these three different networks that we’ve had between Messenger, Instagram, and WhatsApp can start to function a little bit more like one connected interoperable system. And that’s the vision. There’s more work to happen here. We of course, want to bring in WhatsApp to that interoperability as well. There are more features we want to add even to the Messenger, Instagram interoperability. But it’s good to see this starting to roll out after what has been a pretty large engineering and infrastructure project.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can talk about gaming. So this is an area that I’m very excited about. I think it’s a big growth area and one that I enjoy a lot personally. It’s – so we’re doing a number of things here. And I think you’re right that the longer-term virtual and augmented reality projects do help here both in the near-term and the long-term, it’s also just a very exciting area of gaming, but most people are using gaming through our services through the Facebook gaming initiative that we have you know, people stream games using our live tools. People want to be able to build a community. I think our features and our just kind of social focus as a company means that we are better able to serve game streamers who want to build out a community across our service, that part is going quite well, and is growing quickly. We just launched our cloud initiative, which plugs into both the Facebook gaming work that we’re doing and the ads work that we do around helping game companies get new customers. It’s sort of not a completely different approach, it sort of plugs into the core things that we do. So you’re basically seeing gaming combined with video and the communities work that we’re doing in order to just kind of grow all of those at once. Over the longer-term, I think the VR piece will obviously come into that as well. Some of the cloud gaming stuff that we’re doing will of course be useful for VR as well. And we’re building a big community around that on Oculus. But this, I do think will be a very exciting growth opportunity and ability to offer a lot of innovation over the coming years.
Dave Wehner: Hey Brian, I’ll take that second question. As Mark outlined in his prepared remarks, we’re making significant investments in hiring across a wide range of new products. I’d probably talk about, big investments that we’re making in our longer term, AR/VR work through Facebook Reality Labs, as well as continued investment scenarios like messaging, commerce and Reels. The other thing that I would mention on the 2021 total expense guide is that we expect to have higher expenses from office operations and travel once we have seen larger parts of the workforce return to the office. We estimate that in 2020, we saved approximately $1.5 billion on those expenses. And in 2021, we would be kind of working off a higher employee count, which is ultimately what drives those expenses. So we’d expect to see a snap back of some of those savings.
Dave Wehner: And Heather, it’s Dave. We don’t have update on the top 100 advertisers’ statistic. But I would say that, we continued to see strong growth from our small and medium-sized advertisers in the quarter, continued strength with our direct response advertisers. So we’re really pleased with the broad base of advertisers that we saw in the quarter end and helping those advertisers connect with business – with consumers in this challenging climate. So I’m really pleased with what we’re seeing on that front.
Dave Wehner: And Doug on IDFA, and I guess, iOS 14 more broadly. Obviously Apple did delay the implementation of certain elements of their iOS 14 launch as it relates to some of the privacy initiatives. So I think that impact won’t be felt in Q4, where prior we would expect to have seen that in Q4. So I think it’s mainly a delay in the impact rather than it’s a change in the impact. So we’re going to experience that in 2021. Specifically as it relates to IDFA, it’s going to have a disproportionate impact on app installs and thus our audience network. So that’s obviously a big challenge for app developers who are looking to grow their business in what is a difficult time. So, we think that challenge will remain when that implementation happens. But in terms also of whether there’s work that we can do to mitigate that impact. Businesses reach out to us all the time on how they can continue to run effective ads in the face of these platform changes. We’re looking at various options, but our best view is that there’s – there are going to be significant headwinds next year as a result of these changes, specifically on iOS 14.
Dave Wehner: Yes, thanks Youssef. So on our capital allocation, our focus is in investing in growth and continuing to make sure that we make the investments to drive the long-term growth of the business that includes investing in our core product, as well as investing in some of our longer-term initiatives like Facebook Reality Labs. This past quarter, we made an important strategic investment in Jio platform, so that was a significant outlay of capital. We continue to have an active share repurchase program authorized by the board and we’ll certainly factor in any changes in the tax landscape, but I wouldn’t expect that to necessarily lead to a shift in our fundamental approach.
Sheryl Sandberg: Let's talk about commerce. We’ve been focused on making commerce more convenient, more accessible, secure, across our app for people in businesses. We always were at the top of the funnel for discovery and for connecting people to many businesses and products around the world. And we saw even before the pandemic, an opportunity to keep moving people down that funnel. What happened with coronavirus is we just massively accelerate the – this shift massively accelerated, and we really doubled down on shipping commerce products so that we could help the now 10 million small businesses who advertise, but the hundreds of millions who really rely on our free tools so that they would be able to pivot online. And so, Mark mentioned shops in his remarks. We launched this very quickly in Q2 and we’re seeing - it’s early, but we’re really pleased with the progress. We’ve just announced expansion to WhatsApp. We’re building for Facebook, we’re building for Instagram. And I think what we see is that acceleration really works, and it’s good because we can provide these tools to small businesses, but it also accelerates our ad revenue, and I’ll share an example. There’s an indigenous brand called Sisters Sage. They make handcrafts and wellness products, like soaps. And they were founded by sisters. And before coronavirus, they were selling at local farmers’ markets and mall kiosks. So that obviously just went away overnight. They pivoted to Facebook and Shopify, were able to put themselves online. And then used our targeted ads and have had 9 times return on ad sales and have increased their sales by 2 – over 2.5 times during this. And so what we see is that when we help provide the commerce tools, it can help the small businesses that rely on us, and it can also drive our ad revenue.
Sheryl Sandberg: So on verticals, our growth is very broad based, and it’s especially important for small-to-medium sized businesses. These businesses have faced huge challenges in the pandemic and they have needed to become digital often for the first time. So, the free tools we provide to get themselves online, online presence, mobile presence have been more and more important and personalized ads are more and more important. The use of data, which we can do in a very privacy protective way to let them buy the audiences they want are increasingly important. Big companies can afford to buy broad-based ad campaigns that hit countries or whole geographies. Small companies can’t, so survival and the economic growth and the increasing ability to stay afloat and a higher has really been driven across the board by SMBs. Now, some verticals have experienced more of this certainly, eCommerce is the leading example, but there are a lot of other businesses that have also lend themselves to online; education is growing nicely, retail; there are others like travel and auto that will have lagged during this, but are starting to rebound as well. I also, while we’re talking about verticals, want to take the opportunity to say that I think there is a bit of a misunderstanding about the size of political ads on our services. in Q3, combined political ads and government spending altogether was still low single-digit percentages of ad revenue in the U.S. and globally, and it’s not a top 10 vertical in the U.S. or globally as well.
Sheryl Sandberg: I think the acceleration I was talking about is really an acceleration to businesses moving online. There were just a lot of businesses that before the pandemic were consistently offline businesses. They sold locally, they advertise locally. You walked into their store and bought. And what the – and this was already changing, right? Businesses were already going online, but we just have seen a massive acceleration in businesses doing things online, whether it’s finding customers, letting you know they’re open, selling, curbside pickup. When people couldn’t walk into stores all over the world, they had to reach customers a different way that acceleration has really powered our business. That’s why there are 200 million small businesses or businesses using our free tools, because a lot of these businesses had to get online for the very first time. That’s why we have 10 million advertisers. Because once you have an online presence, once you’re doing things to reach customers online and even delivering products, not in person, you see that – you see that acceleration. And so it is that overall acceleration on to online commerce. Some of our eCommerce tools that’s really I think increased the number of small businesses all over the world that are using our free tools and are advertising with us.
