David Ebersman: Sure. I can take both those questions. So first of all, in terms of engagement on mobile and web, we continue to see that content created is growing across the world, and feedback, which we measure in terms of likes and comments, continues to grow well as well. So the engagement story on Facebook continues to be a strong one that we’re pleased about. In terms of the sort of Feed revenue, at the end of the second quarter, we disclosed that at that point we were running at about $1 million a day, and we used that metric because we’d just started ramping up towards the end of the quarter, so we felt like giving you the numbers for the whole quarter was not representative of where we were. Those numbers continued to ramp through the quarter. We ended the third quarter with more than $4 million a day coming from Feed and about three-quarters of that coming from mobile Feed. But going forward, I think we’ll stick to the metric of mobile as a percentage of revenue.
David Ebersman: In terms of Instagram, we closed the acquisition towards the end of the third quarter, so the impact was next to zero, certainly zero on the top line, and next to zero on the bottom line. In the fourth quarter, we will have expenses both from the employees and the investments we’re making in Instagram and also the amortization of the intangible assets that we acquire.
David Ebersman: So, Scott, you were asking about the comments I made that in the quarter, this quarter, the number of ads we showed grew at a similar rate to user growth after – in the recent past we’ve been growing ads more slowly because of the shift to mobile, and the product changes helped to offset that. So one product change, for example, would be in this quarter we showed ads in News Feed on both mobile and personal computers, and the year-ago quarter we didn’t. We have made other changes through the period of time, several of which I think had a positive impact on the number of ads we show per page on personal computer use.
David Ebersman: In terms of the geographic mix for our advertising revenue, the new products that are most important to us, or were most important in the third quarter, which is the ads in News Feed, are adopted or were adopted more quickly by our U.S. clients than globally, and that’s what we would expect just given how these things tend to play out. But if you look at ad revenue year over year across the world, actually Asia and rest of world grew at a faster rate than the U.S. did, and Europe grew a little bit more slowly. So while I do think the U.S. has grown more in terms of dollars because the base is bigger, we’re pleased with how we’re growing across the world with, again, Europe lagging a bit more than we’d like.
David Ebersman: I’ll take the first one. I don’t think the desktop trend is a seasonal one. I think that we opened up a lot of inventory on mobile in this quarter, and so we had advertisers who shifted some spend that might’ve been on the desktop computer into mobile feeds, because our relationships with advertisers – they’re not different advertisers on the two sets of devices, so I think that’s the trend you’re seeing there.
David Ebersman: I think on the first question, I mean, there are inadvertent clicks on every platform for every company that shows advertising, so it’s just something for us to continue to be aware of and monitor, but I don’t think it’s a specific issue to Facebook, and I do think over time it’s the kind of issue we’ll be able to make good progress at managing.
David Ebersman: In terms of advertising revenue by geography, the discussion I’ve provided thus far was by user geography. You were asking about where the revenue is attributed if you focus on where the advertiser comes from, where we’re going. As you would imagine, the revenue is going to skew more to the developed world in that kind of a comparison, because you have large global companies that are trying to advertise to users throughout the world, more than you have people in developing markets who are trying to reach people in the United States, for example. So if you were to pick the U.S. as an example, the by-advertiser attribution of our ad revenue to the U.S. is going to be considerably – maybe not considerably but a bit higher than if you look at it by attribution in terms of user geography.
David Ebersman: To answer your question about Zynga – or I guess about really advertising in general – as our Games ecosystem has become more diversified in terms of the companies who are doing well, generating Payments revenue for us, we would imagine and do see a – also diversification of ad spend from those developers.
David Ebersman: In terms of the competition, I mean, we compete in all markets for user attention and time and things like that, and the competition looks different from market to market. So it’s sort of hard to give you a blanket answer to that question.
Sheryl Sandberg: Yeah, I can take this. We’re carefully monitoring user engagement and sentiment, and we’re pleased with the results so far. We look at how users are engaging on our platform. And as we’ve increased the number of ads in News Feed, we’ve been carefully monitoring that engagement. Our revenue’s growing, and that means, as I discussed, we have a lot of new clients. We also have a lot of clients and customers who are spending more with us. So we’re seeing increased revenue and increased budgets from them. Some of the revenue also is moving over from the right-hand column to News Feed, and that’s part of our strategy. We are putting more emphasis on the products that are running through News Feed, rolling out products, because that’s where the natural ad format is for mobile.
Sheryl Sandberg: We’ve been working on ad products that monetize on mobile, as I said, into News Feed. And so one example of a product that’s uniquely mobile is Mobile App-Install Ads that Mark mentioned and I mentioned as well. That’s an experience that’s uniquely mobile, and it’s a good example of an ad product that really works in that format.
Sheryl Sandberg: And to add one more thought on monetization on mobile versus desktop, which I think is the heart of the question, if we’re measuring engagement and the results from page post ads, comparing them when they’re placed on the right-hand side to those that are being placed in News Feed. And comparatively, the ones in News Feed – and that’s on both mobile and desktop – are eight times more engaging, and we see 10 times the ad recall. And that makes sense, because News Feed is where a lot of the engagement on Facebook takes place, so by moving those promoted posts or page posts into News Feed, we’re increasing engagement and results as well.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the question of where advertisers are, as I said before, we’re a third thing, we’re not TV, we’re not search. We are social advertising. And I would say our clients are in different parts of that adoption curve. We have clients who have done a lot with us. They’ve now increasingly, especially this year, seen the results and seen how it affects their actual in-store sales. And they really understand it, and they’re doing more and more. We have some clients who haven’t done as much and haven’t quite figured out how to do this. And I think it’s going to be a slow but steady progression. We see more people doing more and understanding how to make social ads really work for them. We’re also working hard at developing better tools. So some of the things we’re announcing and working with – if you think about Custom Audiences, Custom Audiences enables you, an advertiser, to segment to different parts of their customer segment different ads. That’s really important for making those ads perform better as well. And all the work we’re doing on measuring is also really important, because by measuring, we not just prove the results we have to marketers, but we then get results, which we can then use to improve the ads.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the second question, which is basically the efficacy and the value the ads provide, it really depends upon what the different products are and what people are measuring. We are seeing our products create great value and create increasing value in many cases for our customers. But different people are measuring different things. So with brand advertisers, they’re looking for a brand lift, all the brand metrics people look at, ad recall, affinity, and then sales, which we’ve just started the process of measuring this year. With other advertisers like Mobile App-Installs, they’re looking for those mobile apps to be installed, and we’re measuring all of those across the spectrum.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the mobile ads, as you’ve seen, we’ve definitely put a lot more ads into Feed as part of growing the mobile revenue. I think you’ll see us increasingly put ads in Feed as well, but there’s a lot of growth that comes not from just more ads in Feed, but from better ads in Feed. Every time an ad is more targeted, more relevant, the marketer gets better value, and it’s better for the people in Feed. And if you look at the types of ads we have in Feed, while we’re really pleased with the progress of increasing our mobile revenue, we also think we have a long way to go in making those ads better, more relevant, higher value. And we’re at the very beginnings of that. We’re measuring across all our different ad products the value they provide for marketers and people, and I think you’ll see a lot of progress in quality, and we believe that progress in quality will translate to revenue as well. On the Facebook Ad Exchange, it’s really early. We just took the Facebook Ad Exchange out of beta in September. We’re not really seeing breakdowns of how much each product is generating in terms of revenue, but that one is small, and we are going to scale each product as we feel comfortable that they’re a great experience for people and for our marketers.
Sheryl Sandberg: When we think about the four key marketer segments we have – brand, direct, local businesses, and developers – they’re all very important to our revenue in advertising. And they’re important in different ways. The brand advertisers are really important for the engagement they drive and the reach that they’re buying and the sales they’re able to generate. The direct marketers, as we’ve done more with FBX, Custom Audiences, those products work across the board, but they’re particularly important for direct marketers. The local business story is a very good one this quarter. We’ve long believed, and I’ve long believed, that this is the Holy Grail of the Internet, that local businesses have the ability to really generate a lot of revenue and provide a lot of value for the people who see those ads. But it’s just really hard to get local businesses online. We’ve had great numbers of local businesses who are using our free products. We have 12.8 million have Facebook pages, 8 million of them use that page monthly, and over 3.5 million post weekly. But what you saw this quarter with the launch of Promoted Posts is a really big step function in converting those people who are using our free page product into paying customers. With over 300,000 pages using Promoted Posts, 25% – more than 25% of those are from new advertisers. So we’ve always had this thesis that people will use our free products and then as we roll out products that are easy and simple for local businesses, we’ll see broad adoption. And I think we really saw that here. And with developers, we continue to iterate on both the Payments side and the advertising site. We think Mobile App-Install Ads – this is very early and I want to stress how early it is – but they’re also very promising.
Sheryl Sandberg: Just starting off with the Burger King, that Burger King thing, if I’m thinking of the right thing, was many, many years ago. It was an old app that was -
Sheryl Sandberg: It was violating our policies by encouraging people to de-friend. I literally think it might’ve been two or three years ago. That’s long gone. But in terms of the balance between good experiences for users and good experience for marketers, we don’t think these are in conflict. We really think they work together. When an advertisement is better for people because they like it better, it also creates more value for marketers. And so our strategy going into that strategic priorities we have is to build products that create value for all of these marketers, measure that value, make it all work on mobile. And we’re not really trading off the user experience versus the marketers’ experience when we do this well. When we do this well, we launch products like Offers that see broad adoption and see people passing it off to their friends. In the Offers example, since launch just this quarter, 100,000 pages created an offer. And of our top 100 offers, on average three-fourths were done by non-fans. That means that people are passing this through the social ecosystem, and their friends are finding it valuable. That’s an experience that’s great for people and great for marketers.
Sheryl Sandberg: To your first question, which is where the budgets are moving from as Facebook revenue increases, it’s really client by client, account by account, how people are doing their spend. We do know that every time we compete for a dollar of advertising, we’re competing against every other opportunity a customer has, whether that’s off-line or online. And our goal is to compare really favorably across all of those. I think the way we’re really doing that now is by putting more products into the market that do a better job of serving the different needs of our different market segments. I think one question people have had is, God, you guys are rolling out so many products. Why? And why are you doing that? And how does that all tie together? And for us, we’re very clear. We have four market segments. We have three priorities. But we need multiple products to serve those different market segments, and that’s what you’re seeing from us. And I think that’s what enables us to compete against all the other advertising opportunities out there.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yeah, I mean, I look at it in terms of we’re building a lot more integrated ad products now, right? And if you look at where we were historically, most of the ad inventory was in this right-hand column. It was a separate experience. And we had this ad team and their job was to kind of drive that service, and they could provide that service to every other product team. So the Messages team focuses on building the best Messages product, and now when they can run that on the side to make money. Now what we’re basically doing is we’ve told every product team that they’re responsible for the advertising experience within each of their products, so the News Feed team is coming up with better ad experiences than just being able to run kind of general ads on the side. And what we’re seeing is that across each of these consumer products that we have, we’re just getting more tailored advertising experiences. So I think there are multiple ways to look at it. I mean, you can look at it by market segment for advertisers, or you could look at it by consumer product; that tends to be how I look at more. But I mean whether it’s a News Feed or the mobile apps that we’re building, or Timeline or any of these things, I think we’re just going to see a lot better products for both users and advertisers.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So on platform, the basic approach that we have is we think that almost every product category is going to get transformed in some capacity, some abrupt, some kind of subtle transitions over time, where we think that at the end of this process, the winning products in every category are going to be social ones. And one question that I get frequently is just how, if we enable companies to build better products, how does Facebook make money from that? And I think it’s a fair and good question, because then we have to build our platform in a sustainable and profitable way. But rather than focusing too early on, on trying to figure out exactly what the economic relationship is going to be with each of these partners, what we’re primarily focused on is just enabling these companies to grow. And the basic idea is that there are many different ways that we make money from the different platform partners, right? So most of the companies that develop with us – probably shouldn’t say most – but a lot of them buy a lot of ads with us, right, and are some of our biggest advertisers, if you look at the list of advertisers. We’re running a few tests now where on mobile apps and on desktop, some developers are running our ads on their sites, and that’s another way that we can get a revenue share and can get some revenue and profit from these developers growing in engagement. We obviously have the Payments system as well, so developers can integrate that, and we take a cut of that. And there may be other ways in the future that make sense as well that we can talk to developers about exploring. But the basic idea is that we are first focused on helping developers transform these categories, and then we believe that there are going to be a number of different ways of that that revenue can come back to us.
Mark Zuckerberg: Well, I’ll just talk a bit about how we’re thinking about platform monetization. One of the reasons why we favor approaches like having developers buy ads or run our ads or accept payments is that we end up getting a portion of revenue or the value that’s created, as opposed to if you were doing something that was tied to our cost spend, then that’s – it’s a less-efficient way to get value for that value that we’re helping other folks create. So it’s definitely something that we think about. But, again, one theme that I talked about earlier was how each product group now is in charge of the ads experience for that product, and what you’re seeing the platform team build are things like Mobile App-Installs, which is an advertising product for providing distribution for developers, and that’s one of the things that I’m really excited about. It’s a mobile-first product, it’s for developers, a lot of folks who aren’t traditionally Facebook developers still want to spread their apps on mobile, so I think it has a lot of potential.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yeah, I think it’s a good question. And this is why in my opening remarks I spent a bunch of time talking about how I think that in this counterintuitive way, I think a lot of folks have the question that you have of whether the fact that iOS or Android are these mobile platforms, is that a worse environment for Facebook? And I think what we’ve found that is because of these three compounding factors – more users, more time spent, and the ability to have more monetization, which we’re not there yet, but we think we’re going to get there – that we’re actually much better positioned on mobile than we were on desktop before. And I think some of the trends and data points that we’re laying out here today kind of start constructing that case a bit more. In terms of the actual platform, we’re really an information-sharing platform. We never were an environment for running apps, right? Even on desktop, when you have these games that are very deeply connected to Facebook, they’re not building in some kind of Facebook environment. They’re basically building websites that connect with Facebook and make it so you can pull your friends in and then use Facebook for distribution and sharing. So what I see on mobile is I don’t think that developers are going to be building apps that are literally inside the Facebook app. But what we do see is a lot of success in getting developers to connect their apps to Facebook. So I mentioned these stats where eight of the top 10 iOS apps are connected to Facebook, and 40% of the top 400 iOS apps have the Facebook SDK and are using that in some capacity. So to me, that’s a good sign. And we don’t directly compete with iOS or Android to be a platform for developers as an environment for building apps. And we think that we can basically build an environment, or build this information platform that goes across iOS and Android and mobile web and every other mobile platform that’s out there where every developer who’s building anything on any of those can use Facebook. And we think that that puts us in a really strong position.
