Sheryl Sandberg: It’s a great time for the brand question because over the past few weeks I’ve spent a lot of time kicking off 2015 with our largest agency partners and largest clients. And I would say that people remain really excited about Facebook, but people are bigger believers because we’ve had an opportunity to do more measurement over the past year. I think there are few things about the Facebook platform that are really exciting for brand marketers. The first is the creativity and storytelling and certainly as you mentioned video is a big part of that because video is a format that marketers have used for a long time to building those connection to brands. And the second is measurement. And what clients want and what they should want is an ability to look at their ad spend and see how effective it is, not just in the brand less metrics even though those are important but in moving products off shelves. And over the past year and half the investments we’ve made in building out that measurement have paid off. So when I sit down with clients at the beginning of this year compared to last year, we have more actual case studies of marketing we’ve done with them. We’ve been able to ad test, Facebook ads versus no Facebook ads and what the effectiveness is on their sales. And I think across the board, we’re showing very healthy, very competitive ROI. The opportunity and the challenge now is to [indiscernible] even for our largest clients globally, we still represent a really small part of what they do. And so, it’s on us to prove to them that the results we’re showing them in these smaller tests can happen in more bands and more countries with a larger part of their business.
Sheryl Sandberg: From a consumer and marketers feedback on video ads point of view, there is two things really go together. It’s exciting that we’ve gotten to 3 billion video views per day, because that means consumers are using video ads and enjoying them on Facebook and in news feed. The way we think about our ads product is we want them to blend in with the consumer experience. And so the fact that we have this much consumer video on Facebook, means we have an opportunity to grow our ad business and that’s exciting for marketers.
Sheryl Sandberg: Yes, thanks for the question. When you think about what’s happening, certainly the growth has been good, but it’s still true that marketing dollars have not followed consumer time and the same percentages. So in the U.S., mobile gets 25% of consumer media time, but only 10% of the ad budgets. And to take one comparable example, that means that for every consumer hours spent on print, marketers spend $1 and they spend $0.07 per hour on mobile, which means that we have an opportunity to grow. One of the most important ways we grow is not just bringing more marketers into Facebook, having them use more of our ad products, but as you mentioned better targeting. A more relevant ad is a better ad experience for consumer - for consumers, but also drives them much higher returns from marketers and since we’re running an action, as our ads get more relevant and we provide higher ROI. We should be able to continue to grow. I think we’ve done a good job over the last year, making our ads more relevant. I think most people on this call would say that you seek more relevant ads than you used to a year ago, but I still think, you know, some of the Facebook ads still have rooms for improvement in terms of relevance. And so, we see a lot of room for improvements there, both in the ROI we deliver and in the experience we can provide to consumers.
Sheryl Sandberg: North America remains a really important market for us. And as you said, we’ve had growth. We’re very happy with. It’s still true that for any kind, no matter how big they are for us, we represent a really tiny part of their ad spends and we represent an underinvestment in terms of where they can reach their consumers. So we believe by continuing to make these investments, we can really continue to grow. We get 20% of people’s time on mobile phone in the U.S. between Facebook and Instagram. We don’t get close to that in terms of anyone’s marketing spend or the time they may spent. We say to our clients over and over again is that we want to drive their business. And that’s what probably the most important thing we’re doing for these large North American spenders is around the measurement work we’ve done. Two years ago, we were not able to measure all the way through to purchase off the shelves and now we can. Yesterday, we rolled out a product we call lift, which is really the next consideration of our measurement capabilities. That enables larger customers to go and set up ads with control test groups, and so they can AB test. This group of people saw Facebook ad, this group of people didn’t and they can measure all the ways through to conversion of whatever they’re measuring whether it’s an online conversion to a sale. We think the measurement out there online and digitally is not particularly accurate. People don’t have real people based measurement through our investments in Atlas and through our investments in - the core Facebook measuring tools. We think if we can show the ROI marketers are getting and we can increasingly do so, we can continue to penetrate the North American market.
Sheryl Sandberg: So on video ads what really matters is that consumers are using video on Facebook, because that gives us an opportunity, one, to provide a great consumer experience, but two, to have ads in ad-tech consumer experience. If the other consumer video on Facebook, video ads and new feed will be very joined, as a percentages of the video you’re seeing, video ads gets nicely into that experience. I think it matters as much what the video content is and so well we are certainly exploring some premium content as he said, we have an Annabelle Verizon test out there in the public ad. We’re already seeing pretty exclusive growth without that kind of premium content in the system in large numbers and so we’ll continue to figure out. We’re certainly open to increasing video content either way. But we haven’t quite figured out what the mix needs to be and right now the growth is very strong. In terms of Atlas, we just relaunched this fall and we’re just seeing as deals get done in broad adoption. So I think its too soon for us to report that Atlas drives an increase in digital spend or an increase in any particular kind of spend but you should be believe really deeply, which is that Atlas is going to revitalize marketing by making the measurement more accurate. If you look at how digital ads are being measured. They are being measured based on a cookie based world that assumes that people have one device, largely a PC. And that is not real, consumers have phone, they have tablet, they have PC's as well and the ability to understand that one person to serve an ad and measure all the way through correctly. We think it’s going to massively improve the efficiency in the system as we get the battle.
Sheryl Sandberg: Our audience network efforts are still pretty new. We have a goal of serving more relevant ads to people off Facebook which will provide greater reach for Facebook marketers and also a better opportunity to monetize for publishers. We are seeing some nice results as Shazam reported that using audience network increase the revenue from ad networks by 37%. We believe that working with publishers, if we can increase the value of their inventory by providing more relevant and targeted ads. They are going to be really happy with that opportunity and we are in the early stages of finding those partners.
Sheryl Sandberg: So, on premium video content, we haven’t figured out exactly how important this is to the ecosystem or how much we are going to invest or what kind of monetization we are going to offer. Video is a growing quite nicely through the ecosystem right now. we have made a lot of investments in public content working with public figures to use the Facebook platform, we’re by far the largest social platform and increasingly you are seeing public figures, everything from news broadcaster to journalist at a public figures do a lot on Facebook and that’s important to us. Because it provides the kind of sharing people want, people come to Facebook to share with their friends and family but they also come to Facebook to connect with everyone from politicians to journalist to celebrities they want to connect with and get news and we definitely seeing public content grow as a percentage of what people get. We also had some nice wins with the Golden Globe this year other things we are doing to get people doing some partnership we did [indiscernible] with CNBC to show how we can help content creators increased their distribution and reach people directly on Facebook.
Sheryl Sandberg: Q4 is a really important quarter in general, but its particularly important quarter for e-commerce, so it’s a timely question. When you think about buy on Facebook, it’s a [indiscernible] U.S. we started last quarter and enables people to buy on pages. To be clear, you’re not buying from Facebook, you’re buying directly from the merchants and it’s really an SMB product to give them capability they haven’t had. We’ll see what happens in terms of where people convert whether it’s on Facebook, but we think the opportunity to connect consumers with the product that they then purchased is a really big one where we play in that most directly, it’s a time and attention consumers have as well as the information to do very relevant advertising and we’re going to stay focused there.
Sheryl Sandberg: I don’t think there is any single source of where the dollars are coming from certainly as consumer time and attention is shifting to mobile, the marketer time and attention. We pay a lot of attention to the marketer segments we work with that we’re seeing strong growth from brand from direct response like e-commerce from SMBs and developers. And we stay pretty focused not really on the source of where the money is coming from, but what are the objective people are spending against on Facebook, so that we can meet all the different objectives. We understand that in order to continue to grow, we want to continue to grow. We’re going to have serve multiple objectives on the Facebook platform and that’s what we’re focused on.
Dave Wehner: Hi, Heather, it’s Dave. So just - yes, just following up on that where we land in the range of guidance on [indiscernible] will depend on a number of different factors. It’s going to depend on how successful we are at hitting our recruiting goals, how much we ramp in areas like marketing and how could we deploy our capital against our CapEx plan and then how we execute against our plan of ramping investments in new areas like Oculus, WhatsApp, Internet.org, et cetera. We feel good about where we are. We’re going into 2015 on a high note. So I feel like we’re making these investments from a position of strength and excited about the opportunities to put more capital to work in 2015.
Dave Wehner: I'll talk about the consumer product and then Sheryl can jump in about as. So what we are seeing and I alluded to little bit in my opening remarks is that there has been this evolution of content on Facebook over the last 10 years, towards richer format that convey more of the moment that people care about. So if you go back five years ago, a lot of Facebook was primarily capture it in a little bit of photos and also I think the primary mode that people are using to share is photos and they wouldn't be surprised up in the future that shifted more and more towards videos. So we’re thinking about how to enable consumption first to the content of people who are sharing, and this year an increased focus on new opportunities around production so it is easier for people to capture the moment that are important to them, create higher-quality moments and pictures of content out of those and increase their experiences through that. So there is a lot more to do here and I think the business going to be one of the big trends over the next three to five years, is the growth in video and richer content in our service.
Dave Wehner: Ben, its Dave. So also just building on what Sheryl said worth noting that the drop in the value of international currencies impacted our results outside the U.S. to some of what you’re seeing here is a result of that. It reduced year-over-year revenue growth rate by 7% to 8% in the different international regions. So that’s a big reason why you see the U.S. doing much better as well as the fact that’s just more advanced market in what we’ve done in terms of just building up the advertiser base and getting into option of our best targeting products as Sheryl was talking about. Going to your question on pricing growth, I just reiterate what I said in my comments, it’s largely due to the right hand column redesign and then also the shift to mobile where we don’t show right hand column ads. So that’s really what’s causing the pricing shifts. Then fundamentally, we just continue to get better targeting and that drives better engagement. And as we get better engagement that drives better ROI for our advertisers, which ultimately, I think as Sheryl commented on earlier, gets reflected in better pricing of our ads. And that’s a big opportunity for us and we are seeing that we’re getting better and better of driving engagement from the ad units that we have and getting the right ad in front of the right person. So that’s a big factor as well.
Dave Wehner: Yes, Anthony, it’s Dave. So, just to be clear that net revenue recognition for those products that’s how we did it in Q4 as well those are all small today, but there is not a change in accounting in 2015 that’s how we accounted for those products in Q4, as far as the net versus gross we just evaluated all the facts in circumstances and made the judgments that net revenue recognition with the most appropriate treatment here.
Dave Wehner: This thought that we shared of 3 billion a day is all made on Facebook. So there are probably other shares from other video services as well. But the way that there was looking our services or as if there is links to other sites, and the reason why I think made a video is so valuable for people using our service is that when someone uploads a video to Facebook directly we can optimize how it delivers right. So we can make it autoplay. We can find the right quality and bit rate to send down to the person based on their connection overtime. And optimize all kinds of different things. So what I think people are finding from public figures to everyday videos that people are uploading is that the best experience that you can get is by uploading content native to Facebook, which is, I think the big part of the growth that we seeing there.
Dave Wehner: That’s right. Exactly understand the question. But let me see if I can take a crack at it, Colin. I mean, we are seeing obviously great growth in DAU, which is up 18%. We are seeing growth in times spent across the network up 10% per DAU. So you got those sort of underlying drivers of engagements driving growth. We are also monetizing at higher rates because we are able to get better targeting into the ads and get better conversion for advertisers. So that’s reflected in better pricing. So there is a number of different factors that are coming into play. But clearly driving organic growth in engagement, it’s critical in the business and we are seeing good success there.
Dave Wehner: Well, it matters to the kind of investors that we want to have. Because we’re really mission focused company and we wake up every day and make decision because we want to help connect the world and that’s what we’re doing here. So part of that the subtext of your question is that yes, if we were only focused on making money we might put all of our energy on just increasing ads to people in the U.S. and the other most developed countries. But that’s not the only thing that we care about here. So I do think that over the long-term that focusing on the helping connect everyone will be a good business opportunity for us as well. And we may not be able to tell you exactly how many years that’s going to happen and but I think these countries get more connected the economics growth the ad markets growth and Facebook and the other services in our community or the number one and number two, three, four, five services that people are using then over time we will be compensated for some of the value that we have provided but this is why we are here, we are here because our mission is to connect the world and I just thinks its really important than investors know that.
Dave Wehner: Hi, Paul, it’s Dave. It - sort of taking your second part first we’re not really making investments decisions on short-term fluctuations in currency. So I would say in general no, it’s not effecting those decisions. There are certainly big macro effects that are going on and part of those are what’s driving a lot of the currency fluctuation as well. So you have regions that are certainly growing more quickly and growing more slowly. So from a macro perspective, the United States is doing better in terms of growth versus Europe versus Latin America. You see those compounded in both currency and sort of macroeconomic conditions in those regions. So I think generally we’ve got more favorable market conditions in which to operate in the U.S. Overall, I would say the business is driven by the fundamentals of us, continuing to execute against our plan. So whether you’re in a market that’s suffering a little bit from a macro economic headwinds, we’re still - we still have the best mobile product in the market, in that market and we’re growing. So, I think at the end of the day, it’s the fundamentals of our business that are going to drive our success and we’re kind of focused on that. The one of these at least give some color around how the currencies might impact the 2015 results.
Dave Wehner: So you’re right that the focus for WhatsApp is on helping to connect a lot more people, all right. So when John and team joined us, one of the first things that we agreed on and why I think it made sense for them to join is that now they can focus for a few years on getting to one billion more than that and continuing to scale beyond that. SMS is an incredibly global and universal product and I think WhatsApp just has a huge opportunity to third billions of people. In terms of what the business looks like, I mean at the end of the day, it’s a distribution business like Facebook and Instagram, how you most effectively convert that into business opportunities for customers whether that’s through payments or ads or other different kinds of structures. We’ll figure that out what the optimal thing will be, but the first order of thing to do is to helps our billions of people here, help to continue to increase engagement, I mean people are spending a lot of time in WhatsApp, sending more than 30 billion messages a day, which is really crazy when you think about the volume there compared to the global SMS volume overall. And I think if we do that there will be a number of opportunities. I mean people ask me this question awhile ago about - when we talked about games on Facebook as well. And I always talked about our canvas business on desktop even though its payment is actually the same thing as our business on mobile around app install and engagement. What developers test for is distribution and whether they’re doing that through payments or ads or whatever it is, it kind of is all the same. The most important thing is to help people connect, help people and businesses connect and create business opportunities and then you get a small amount of the value that you’re creating on top. So that will play out over the next set of years and it’s one of the intellectual challenges that I am really looking forward to tackle.
Dave Wehner: Mark, I think the simple story as we’re really pleased with how we’re executing on the engagement front, 64% of people is coming to Facebook monthly coming on an average day as we think a great stat. I think small changes are pretty much noise. I mean we’re really happy with it. We talked about things like the video engagement. Mark shared some stuffs like photo - how much photo sharing is going on across our properties. So overall I think engagement is a great story for us and we’re really happy with it.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So, our view on this is that there is a lot of unique content that people have shared in Facebook, a lot of personal content, recommendations from friends that you can get that you just wouldn’t be able to get through a traditional web search service or other app. And if we’re on this multiyear voyage to basically index all the content and make it available to people and rank it well. We started off by launching graph search which I think included more than a trillion different connections in the first system. And the second round of the search progress that we just started rolling out at the end of last year was post search, which now has index more than I think a trillion posts, which I mean the sizes of these corpuses are bigger than anything in a traditional web search corpus that you would find. So it’s an interesting and fun challenge to make this work. We’re seeing that that people immediately understand how they can use this and find content that they seen in news feed before or that they’ve posted with just a few keywords. And we’re excited about that, but there is a lot more to do. So that we’re not really thinking about advertising in it yet on the scale that our community operates, a billion searches per day is actually not that big compared to what we think the opportunity here should be. And we’re just continued to keep on working on it because there is just a lot of unique value that people should be able to get their friends on Facebook research.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, so I will add something to that just on the side of how we think about value through Facebook and I will talk about the other apps. In terms of the product developments that we do here, we have four major groups inside of the company. This is kind of how our company is organized. We have one which is focused on growing the community, one which is focused on kind of increasing content consumption and people’s engagement, another which is focused on kind of efficiency and helping people to get the most value out of each moment that they’re spending in Facebook. And then the fourth group is our core business, which is focused on helping people to see the best ads and basically make the most money per moment that people are spending at the lowest cost in most efficiency in terms of serving people. And there is, I think, big upside in each of those four categories. I mean our community is growing. I mentioned in our comments upfront that time spent across our services is growing by - grew by 10% year-over-year per person, which is pretty meaningful. Utility and efficiency are increasing and of course the ad business per person and the efficiency of our services are both increasing as well. So I am pretty excited about that and think we’re organized in a way where we can continue visiting of that. The other opportunities, Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp, I am really excited about and I do think that they’re going to reach the level where they contribute to our business in a pretty big way, but it’s really important to get this right and not rushing. And you know what I would say around messaging, as we’re pretty early in that cycle, we are about where Facebook was in around 2006 or 2007 where at that point Facebook was really just a consumer product. There were no businesses in the ecosystem. And a lot of people were telling, okay, don’t put better ads in. And that’s not wrong. I didn’t think that that was going to be the right way to build the products or build the business. So instead what we did was built pages, which was a way for businesses to interact for free in the system and start creating organic interactions between people and business. And so we could figure out what - the people are using Facebook 1 and from businesses within Facebook and we built more tools for pages and businesses to engages. And our recent success with advertising is really just built on some of those organic interactions between people and businesses. And what you see in Messenger and WhatsApp now is we’re still in the early end of that curve where the interaction is still primarily people to people and businesses are starting to figure out in the case of WhatsApp much less than Messenger so far. What the organic interaction is, but we’re going to have to go through a whole cycle of figuring out how that works before it really make sense to start monetizing them in a big way. But yes, I mean, I am a big fundamental believer and that these are going to be very big contributors to our businesses over time, but we just have to do it right. 
Mark Zuckerberg: One thing that I’d just add to emphasize here because its I think there have been a couple of questions so this is the fact our primary strategy for growing the ad business is increasing the quality of the content, not increasing the number of ads to our story that people are seeing on Facebook. So there are impacts like as people consume more content on Facebook, within the ratio of ads that organic content that will showed might be more ads. But overall, our strategy is much less to that increasing the volume of ads and much more about increasing the quality of the content and the quality of the targeting to get the right content to the right people. And this is a pretty controversial strategy internally and we will ensure that is going to work out. But for the last year it’s really fueled our growth in a good way and we feel very confident that this is the right path going forward as well.
Mark Zuckerberg: And Carlos on that time spent per DAU that we are just giving the one point, we are not breaking any thing out by region.
