David Wehner: Yes. Thanks, Brad. I can probably take both of those -- or yes. So on Reels, I mean I think there's a lot of the characteristics of Reels that makes it quite similar to the transitions that we've gone through before. As in the past when we were focused on Stories, we're really focused on consumer experience and really making short-form video work effectively on both Instagram and Facebook, and we're already seeing that to be the biggest driver of growth on Instagram, and it's growing very quickly on Facebook. So we're really encouraged by what we're seeing. But we're really focused on making the consumer experience right. And over time, we do think it's a format that will work effectively for advertising, and we think the experience that we have for Stories will really lend itself well in the Reels format. So we're confident in our ability to monetize over time. But right now, there's relatively few ads in story -- sorry, relatively few ads in Reels today. So it's definitely something that from an impression growth and monetization perspective is going to be a headwind. On iOS 14, we saw the revenue impact with iOS 14 -- sorry, iOS just in general, in Q4, and that was in line with our expectations and similar to the Q3 headwind. But obviously, as we go into 2022, we're going to be lapping a period in which in Q1 and Q2, those headwinds were not in place in the year ago period. So that definitely makes for a tough comp in the first half of the year. And we believe the impact of iOS overall as a headwind on our business in 2022 is on the order of $10 billion, so it's a pretty significant headwind for our business. And we're seeing that impact in a number of verticals. E-commerce was an area where we saw a meaningful slowdown in growth in Q4. And similarly, we've seen other areas like gaming to be challenged. But on e-commerce, it's quite noticeable -- notable that Google called out, seeing strength in that very same vertical. And so given that we know that e-commerce is one of the most impacted verticals from iOS restrictions, it makes sense that those restrictions are probably part of the explanation for the difference between what they were seeing and what we were seeing. And if you look at it, we believe those restrictions from Apple are designed in a way that carves out browsers from the tracking prompts Apple requires for apps. And so what that means is that search ads could have access to far more third-party data for measurement and optimization purposes than app-based ad platforms like ours. So when it comes to using data, you can think of it that it's not really apples-to-apples for us. And as a result, we believe Google Search ad business could have benefited relative to services like ours is based a different set of restrictions from Apple. And given that Apple continue to take billions of dollars a year from Google Search ads, the incentive clearly exists for this policy discrepancy to continue.
David Wehner: Justin, it's Dave. On the second part of your question, it's really about sort of what's the landscape of headwinds look like as it relates to targeting and measurement. And there, I think what we're seeing is kind of 2 things going on: we've got incremental headwinds coming from things like iOS 15, which provides some additional sort of targeting and measurement headwinds. But those are far less significant than the changes made with iOS 14.5, which really started to have an impact more seriously on the business in the second half of last year. So I think that lapping effect is going to be very pronounced in the first half of the year where we're lapping periods that didn't have that impact. So that's where we're going to see the biggest impact from the lapping. But we're continuing to fix more headwinds as it relates to like iOS 15 and also further regulatory headwinds that restrict the use of data for targeting purposes in regions like Europe. So we're continuing to see headwinds. I think we're working to mitigate those. But the biggest lapping effect will be in the first half of the year where we didn't have the big iOS 14 headwinds in the same period last year.
David Wehner: No, I think that's exactly right. That's what's kind of factored into the guidance we’re providing specifically for Q1. And then, Doug, on the expense outlook, we're not breaking out expenses by segment. But I probably can give some color here. We're expecting accelerated headcount growth in 2022 to be the biggest contributor of expense growth and that's largely in tech and product roles to support the 7 product priorities that Mark laid out: Reels, community messaging, commerce, ads, probably AI in the metaverse. And the -- a number of those investment priorities map to our Family of Apps segment, and we expect Family of Apps to continue to drive the majority of expense growth in 2022. Though we do expect Reality Labs operating loss to increase meaningfully in '22, and that's incorporated into our outlook.
David Wehner: Yes, Mark, on the headwind, we're just estimating what we think is the overall impact of the cumulative iOS changes to where 2022 -- our 2022 revenue forecast is. So if you kind of aggregate the changes that we're seeing across iOS, that's sort of the order of magnitude. We can't be precise on this. It's an estimate. We've got ranges on the impact to our business. So we think it's a substantial -- the substantial headwind to work our way through. And obviously, we're working hard to mitigate those impacts and continue to make ads relevant and effective for users. I don't have anything specific on the ESG front. So I probably can't comment on that. I can follow up with you offline on that.
David Wehner: Let me take the first one, I can take the first one on user growth uses. I think what we said about overall kind of user growth is we're certainly seeing an impact from strong competition, particularly with younger audiences. So that's true, and we're kind of seeing that globally. If you look at kind of the overall user growth landscape for the fourth quarter, we're seeing MAU and DAU in the U.S. and Canada sort of bounce around at sort of expected and indicated given our high level of penetration. And then if you look at the Rest of World, we've seen some headwinds there, kind of a little bit unique in the quarter in areas like India, where we saw data plan pricing increase lead to slower growth there. So that's another kind of some unique elements of the quarter on that front.
David Wehner: Yes, Ross. I think in terms of lumpy items, I mean, you will see that G&A was up a pretty substantial amount in Q4, so a part of that is related to legal-related expenses. Those tend to be lumpy, so there was a factor there. I think, in general, as it relates to Family of Apps and margin, I'd come back to the commentary that I made on the investments that we're making in Family of Apps being an area where we're investing heavily in 2022 across the priorities that Mark outlined, including Reels, messaging, commerce and ads. There's a big investment that we're making on the CapEx side that's primarily geared towards AI and machine learning for the family of apps business, so -- segment. So there's a lot of investments that we're making there. What was, I'm sorry, the second question? Oh, yes, in terms of payments to partners, that clearly will play into the expense profile as we grow that -- as we grow short form, so that's also reflected as part of the guidance for expenses. So over time, that will be an impact as well, and that's part of the investment that we're making on the Reels side and is factored into the 2022 outlook.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I can start with your first question on some of what we're seeing on engaging -- engagements. Reels and short-form video overall are very engaging. And a lot of what we're seeing is that there is -- people are spending a lot more time. And I think I mentioned this in my script upfront that it's growing very quickly. This is already the biggest contributor to engagement growth on Instagram. I think it's one of the biggest contributors that we're seeing to positive engagement on Facebook too already. But I think, going back to the last question, there was a question on what -- are there any factors here that will -- what are the similarities and differences to what we've seen in the past. The big similarity is that this is certainly not the first time that we've gone through a major format evolution. And what these transitions all had in common from Desktop Feed to Mobile Feed, Feed to Stories and now to Reels in the beginning, our ad system and business are not as tuned for the new format. So as the engagement of the new thing starts to replace some of the engagement and the old thing, it creates a near-term headwind for revenue, but it's not that part - at this point now, is not that big of a concern for us. I mean it makes some of the stuff not as clear in the near term, but over the long-term, we're pretty optimistic about that. The dynamic that I think is actually a little bit different with Reels than what we've seen with Stories and Mobile Feed in the past. And with Reels, I would say that the teams are executing quite well, and the product is growing very, very quickly. The thing that is somewhat unique here is that TikTok is so big as a competitor already and also continues to grow at quite a faster rate off of a very large base. And so that -- to the question that was asked before around are we like -- that was asked before around, is there anything that's going to make it so that we -- it takes us longer to kind of get to where we want on this, is that even though we're compounding extremely quickly, that's -- we also have a competitor that is compounding at a pretty quick rate, too. But overall, back to the question, Reels, it's extremely engaging. I think overall engagement will grow as a part of this. And that's why we're optimistic about the future, but there's a lot of work to do here.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can take the first one. So for Facebook, I think content from your friends is always going to be an important part of the experience. And so we'll be discussing stuff that you find with friends, whether it's in a group or community or public content or Reels or news or different content like that. But I think overall, you're right, that the balance of content that people see in Feeds is shifting a little bit more towards stuff that isn't coming from their friends, which you may discuss with your friends, but it is kind of shifting towards more public content. I think, at the same time, we're seeing this trend where if you can do your day-to-day behavior on a lot of this stuff, this pattern may resonate with you. But a lot of people now are taking a lot of the content that they may have previously shared in a Feed and sending it to friends over Chats, whether it's one-on-one or through group chats. And this is one of the reasons why I called out community messaging as one of the major priorities for us. Because if you look at the overall constellation of services, a lot of the kind of personal sharing is sort of shifting towards messaging. And a lot of the -- what we're seeing in Feeds is just basically this content consumption and a lot of just really highly engaging content that forms the basis for conversations, whether it's in Chat or in common trends in those Feed apps. But that that type of creative work is a lot more of what we're seeing across the Feed apps, so whether that's Facebook or Instagram.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. And in terms of when there's some aspects to the metaverse showing up, I mean I talked about avatars in my remarks at the beginning and how we're making it to kind of increasingly both expressive and eventually, and we've shown some demos around photorealistic avatars of yourself that you can show up in all the different apps and your avatar can show across Facebook and Instagram and Messenger as well in Quest, and we'll expand that further. And I think I also commented before about our goal for 2022 to make it so that Horizon works not just in immersive VR but on 2D screens as well. Something you could potentially jump into those kind of worlds from Facebook or Instagram or different apps as well. So I think you're seeing some of that stuff will -- is already there. Some of it will come over the course of this year. Of course, the ability to message across apps is something that we've been working on for a while. You can already do that across Messenger and Instagram and there's more there that that we'll roll out over time as well. So I think you are going to see this stuff work seamlessly across the family.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So I can start with Reels. One of the things that I think we've seen is that there are some fundamental formats in social media like Feeds and Stories, and now I think this Reels short-form video format, that within the context of a different network or community, the same format will take on different characteristics. So for example, the kind of discussions that you might have in a feed on Twitter or on Pinterest are different from what you would do in Facebook or Instagram, even given a relatively similar format. So I think, to some degree, even if a creator chooses to reshare their content across the number, you'll have different discussions with your friends across the different services based on who's there. And then there's a social dynamic where friends and different communities create these as well. So seeing somewhat different Reels across Facebook and Instagram, and I'm sure you see different stuff across TikTok too. But what we're seeing is that this is all growing incredibly quickly. So it's hard to know exactly where this is going to settle in the end, but we just think the appetite that people have -- there's been this long-term trend that I commented on a number of times where over the time that I've been running this company, 18 years this week, basically, we've gone from text being the primary way that people share and consume content online at the beginning of the early 2000s to -- until we got cameras on our phones and photos became the primary thing. And now that mobile networks are starting to get -- gotten really good, video is really becoming the primary thing, and it is a lot more natural and engaging. This is partially, by the way, why I think that an even more immersive format around virtual reality and augmented reality is going to be the kind of next step after video and why we're so invested there. But definitely, what we're seeing with short-form video is it's the next step from the kind of visual feeds that we have and the amount of engagement and content that people want to share and interact with and whether it's taking it and sending it to a friend in messaging or commenting online or just having fun watching it themselves. It's -- in general, we're seeing people spend a lot more time on this than what we've seen from apps so far. And that's also reflected in the success that other apps like TikTok have had. So there's a lot more to go here. We think we will have competitors across the industry. But as we've seen with some of these other formats too, it will feel different depending on the context in which it's implemented and the content from your friends.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can take the Reels question. So we do see a huge amount of potential ahead. But I think sometimes when we say that there's -- that we're closer at the beginning, what that means is that we still have a lot of kind of fundamental questions to overcome in order to make progress to get where we're going. With this product, what we see is, there is very clear product market fit, and it is growing incredibly quickly. It -- we face a competitor in TikTok that is a lot bigger, so it will take a while to compound and catch up there. But fundamentally, we think that there's a lot of potential for it to continue growing.  So to your question, do we have the content that we need, it's a flywheel. So the better tools that we can build for creators and the better monetization we can offer them, which tends to be an advantage that we have over other competitors is how effective our monetization and ad systems are, then I mean the bigger it gets, the more it will attract more creators, and it will kind of build on itself. And we think that we're earning at a scale where we're seeing that flywheel really kick in and start to grow. And if it keeps on compounding at the rates that it's growing at, this is going to grow extremely quickly over the next year and potentially beyond that. But yes, I think that's kind of the best summary that I can give of where we are. Clear product market fit, growing quickly, a long way to go to catch up to be the biggest in the space. But I think the pieces are in place and the focus is certainly there at this point to really go after that. It's just that as this grew, it is -- at least for the coming quarters, it's going to monetize at a somewhat lower rate, which is reflected in the guidance that Dave gave. But again, I think this is clearly the right strategy for us to push on. This is what people want. They enjoy the product. We're going to -- so we're just going to roll it out as quickly and as well as we can.
Sheryl Sandberg: Yes. So when we talked about mitigation, we've said there are 2 key challenges from the iOS changes: targeting and measuring performance. On targeting, it's very much a multiyear development journey to rebuild our ads optimization systems to drive performance while we're using less data. And as part of this effort, we're investing in automation to enable advertisers to leverage machine learning to find the right audience with less effort and reduce reliance on targeting. That's going to be a longer-term effort. On measurement, there were 2 key areas within measurement, which were impacted as a result of Apple's iOS changes. And I talked about this on the call last quarter as you referenced. The first is the underreporting gap. And what's happening here is that advertisers worry they're not getting the ROI they're actually getting. On this part, we've made real progress on that underreporting gap since last quarter, and we believe we'll continue to make more progress in the years ahead. I do want to caution that it's easier to address this with large campaigns and harder with small campaigns, which means that part will take longer, and it also means that Apple's changes continue to hurt small businesses more. The second area underneath the measurement challenge is really -- are really data delays. As part of the iOS changes, we and many other ad platforms, we receive less granular conversion data on a delayed basis. And what advertisers shared with us that this makes real-time decision-making, especially difficult, and that's particularly important during the holiday period, where people are often spending a lot and really monitoring their ads and adjusting spend not even on a daily basis, but often on an hourly basis. And that was one of the challenges we faced during this holiday quarter.
Sheryl Sandberg: SMBs. So it's a good question because as we've said, the iOS changes definitely hurt advertisers across the board, but they're much harder for SMBs. The progress we made on the measurement gap, which I talked about before, we've made more progress with larger clients than we have with SMBs. It's also the case that personalized ads are more important for SMBs. And SMB really needs to buy a very small targeted audience that they're looking for and the larger the business, the more you're able to personalize the ad less. So we're definitely seeing that this has more of an impact for SMBs. We do feel, over the long run, that we believe we have strong benefits for SMBs and using our ad system. We are going to continue to work on these measurement gaps and continue to make sure SMBs can use it. We're also working hard on SMBs adopting some of our commerce tools and some of our other solutions like business messaging and seeing some success there. But you are right that this remains a challenge.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the question of what we need to see to rebuild ad products and continue to grow return on ad spend. In the short run, as I talked about, we're working on measurement, we're rolling out new to help businesses continue to measure campaigns using Apple's SK ad network, API and Meta's aggregated events measurement and conversion modeling. So we have specific products that people can adopt that help us. Over the longer term, we need to develop privacy-enhancing tech to help minimize the amount of personal information we learn and we use. Use more aggregate, use more anonymized data while still allowing us to show relevant ads and that's going to take us time. But one thing I do want to point out is there are also a lot of things that small businesses and large businesses can do to take advantage of the many targeting and measurement tools we have. So while we have seen an impact from these changes, we also didn't start from a place where 100% of our millions and millions of advertisers are using the tools that are available. So while we continue to get those that were all the way on the adoption curve to learn and adapt to these changes, there are also advertisers out there can continue to work on and improve their performance. We still believe there's a lot of performance improvement left in the system.
