Sheryl Sandberg: I can take the first. With Instagram Shopping, we launched a new shop tab on Instagram in Q4, and this is built on other shopping efforts we’ve had. We see this as an overall part of our commerce effort. We’ve always been, I think, a great place for people to discover new products and services, but we are very interested in taking people all the way down that funnel from discovery to purchase to finding products and services to checking out as well. And, our shopping efforts are part of that. We’re seeing nice uptick. It’s still really early days, but we think businesses are having a good experience and people are having a good experience. And as always, with our ad products and with our commerce products, we want to make sure we provide a great experience to the end user, so that they can find the things they’re looking for.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the second, with Reels, we’re really pleased with the early data on consumption, and we have a bunch of work ahead of us to make it easier for people to create and discover content. We’ve now rolled out the product into over 50 countries. In monetization of it, we’ve launched branded content tag in Reels, so that helps creators share the content and monetize. We launched shopping in Reels. And we’ve said that we will launch ads. The timing is to be determined. And we’re going to follow the same pattern we followed on other things, like Stories. We launch a consumer product. We make sure there’s product market fit, and people are using it. Then, we launch an ad product. And we make sure that it’s beneficial for consumers. And as David answered in I think the last question, we work very diligently quarter-by-quarter on the basis point improvements that help us scale a product. So, we will do things to make it easier for people to create the right businesses to create the right ad format. We will do things to make those ads get to the person who might be looking for that product or service.
Sheryl Sandberg: To your second question, we think it’s a really important question and one that we take very seriously. So, small businesses are very reliant on personalized ads, the ability to use data in a very privacy safe way, to get the customers who are interested in their products and services. And that makes sense. Big businesses, we can buy an ad to the whole country. We can buy an ad to a whole region. Small businesses can’t. They have to find the precise audiences they want. And I think, one of the mainstays of our business is we’ve enabled that targeting in a very privacy safe way, without giving information without permission to advertisers. And what’s happening with IDFA is that small businesses are really concerned because they are worried that they’re not going to be able to buy effective advertising. If all personalized ads went away, small businesses would see a 60% cut in website sales. Now, we don’t think Apple’s contemplating going that far that quickly, but that is the general direction of what would happen. And you can see that that would be very detrimental to their business. It’s also very detrimental to economic growth because so much of our job growth comes from small businesses. I think it’s worth noting, it’s not just about advertisers. Some of these changes also impact developers and other forms of businesses. We are starting to hear from creators and developers who are worried that some of their free services will have to start charging or shut down, force them into subscriptions or other in payments for revenue. Now, not all small businesses are aware of these challenges, but we are hearing from more and more of them, so are very concerned.
Dave Wehner: Hey Brian, it’s Dave. Yes, the data that we’ve looked at there really is that when you look at the data from the U.S. BEA, it basically showed that in Q3, while the services consumer spend was still down year over year spending on goods actually surged to record levels or the highest in like 15 years. We don’t have the results for Q4, but we expect that sort of trend continued. If you look at the balance of our business, it tends to skew more towards products relative to the overall GDP -- or the overall consumer spend in, for instance, the U.S. So, we just think we’re overall exposed a little bit more to products. We continue to invest to improve our exposure and travel -- sorry, in service areas like travel. But, our expectation would be in 2021, we’ll continue to have a similar skew towards products as we’ve had in the past. So, we’ll continue to make investments to make our ad products more relevant for services as well.
Dave Wehner: Doug, I’ll take that. So, I don’t think our outlook has changed in any significant way on iOS 14. We continue to believe that that will be a headwind in the ads business. It’s in our view, not just limited to IDFA, but broader than that is we’re going to have to be providing a prompt asking people for permission to use third-party data to deliver personalized ads. So, that’s going to be true whether you’re using IDFA or not, and we do expect there to be high opt out rates related to that, and that’s factored into our outlook. We expect that to roll out sometime -- we expect later in Q1. But, the timing is uncertain, and Apple hasn’t given clarity on that at this point. And we do expect that will have increasing impact through the year as more users adopt iOS 14 and go through those permissions. When you think about what the mitigations might be, obviously there is going to be mitigation of the impact on us to some extent just because this is a platform-wide change, and so it will impact everyone. And so, that’s going to mitigate it to some extent. And in addition, over time, we hope to help businesses by providing more on-site conversion opportunities through initiatives like shops and also click to messaging ads. As it relates to specifically the audience network products, obviously that’s going to have a significant impact on audience network on iOS as we have explained in the past. But, it’s -- but the broader impact, given the size of that business is really to our -- to the core advertising business on iOS.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Eric, it’s Dave. Just coming back to your question. I think, the context is, we have this -- we’ve had a tremendously strong quarter, Q4 of this year. A number of factors we talked about driving that. A couple of are pandemic related, which is just the shift to online commerce as well as the ongoing -- the shift to more spend on products versus services. In Q4, we also saw strength with sort of our full range of advertisers. We have seen sort of small and medium-sized businesses come back and start getting strength in Q2 and Q3 or Q3 specifically, and then, Q4, we also saw strength from some of our largest advertisers as well. So, as you look out in 2021, I think, we’re just going to be facing tougher comps in the back half of the year. Some of those things related to the pandemic had the potential to revert, whether it’s more consumer expenditure shifting towards services away from products. So, that will make it a little bit of a tougher comp. And then, you layer on top of that headwind to growth related to privacy-related headwinds. The biggest factor there is iOS 14. So, we certainly anticipate growth, but we’re just looking at tougher comps as we hit the back half of the year, given really, most importantly, the strength that we saw this year. And then, on top of that the headwinds that we’re seeing from some of the privacy changes.
Dave Wehner: I think, you had covered the question of the dynamics related to the competitive landscape, and then there was a follow-on question around the FTC case and any thoughts that we have on that. I don’t think we have anything we necessarily are commenting on at this point.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Sure, Ross. So, I mean, as you know, with the auction dynamic, the growth in pricing is -- does really depend on impression growth. And we saw impression growth slow this quarter to 25% from the Q3 rate of 35%. And some of that is just due to lapping product optimizations on Instagram during Q4 of ‘19 as well as just the normalization of engagement trends on Facebook. And so, we would expect that sort of overall story to continue into Q1 with those trends. And then, we’re also continuing to make iterative improvements that enhance the performance and benefit pricing over time. And the one example that we give there is Instagram Stories that, as you know, it’s been an area we’ve been focused on to try and make DR performance through better ads in our activity, work better on Stories, and we’ve been seeing some good progress there. So, we called that out as well as being a driver of price improvement. There’s still a gap with Stories ads and Feed ads, but we’ve been pleased with the progress we’ve been making on that front.
Dave Wehner: Yes. No, I was just going to say that exact thing, Youssef. This is not something that’s factoring into our outlook. It’s not a headwind that is a factor in our 2021 outlook. And certainly, on the ads front as well, political is extremely small. It’s low single-digit revenue, even in an active political quarter like we had. So, no, it’s not factoring in on either the ad side or the engagement side in our outlook.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can take the first one. So, when we started working on virtual and augmented reality, we basically laid out a path where we knew that virtual reality would be practical to build first. And we view that that -- that it’s kind of all part of one continuous ecosystem for spatial, immersive, computing and presence. So, the key things that we’re trying to do with VR now, I do believe that Quest 2 is the first mainstream virtual reality product that is doing quite well, and I’m really proud of what we’ve been able to do there. The goal there is, we keep on shipping content and titles and working with developers and shipping new capabilities to the device. Like last year, we shipped the ability to do now hand tracking, which no one expected to be possible yet, but the team working on that did some really great work. And it just made the device better and increased the value. So, we’re continuing to work on new hardware as well. The new hardware will kind of fit the same platform. So, the content that works on Quest 2 should be forward compatible. And so that way we’re going to build one kind of larger installed base around the virtual reality headsets that we have. And at the same time, we’re building towards a future with some of this -- the fundamental technology investments that we’re making to be able to provide augmented reality glasses that hopefully will be able to support a lot of the same content in this ecosystem over time and take advantage of a lot of these foundational investments that we’ve made. So, this continues to be a long-term investment. I think, it’s very important, both for the vision of what we want to do, like I said in my script before -- earlier, it’s just -- some of the things that we’re going to be able to build with VR and AR are the types of social experiences that I wanted to build since I was a kid, and I’m excited to be able to unlock that. And I also think strategically, it’s important for us to have a little more control of our own destiny in terms of the operating systems and platforms that all of our services operate on. So, continue to be very-focused on this and optimistic about what we’re seeing.
Mark Zuckerberg: Well, in terms of the competition with Apple specifically, I laid out three or four product focus areas. And with the exception of the work that we’re doing on communities, which I think is quite separate from the work that they do, the other three areas I think are going to have very significant competitive overlap with Apple. In messaging, certainly, iMessage is the most popular service in the U.S. I think because of the fact that they pre install it and give their app several advantages that other apps don’t have. In commerce and supporting small businesses, I think there, you have some of the iOS 14 changes that we think are going to be very problematic, especially for small businesses. And then, longer term, as we move towards building the next computing platform, I think we would expect to see them as more of a competitor there as well. So, I do think that this is sort of shaping up that -- we face many competitors, right? There are a lot of competitors in the core social app work that we do [Technical Difficulty]
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. Nothing on the case. I mean, on regulation overall, because I think some of the question was focused on that, the point that I would highlight is, I actually think it would be very helpful to us, and the internet sector overall, for there to be clearer rules and expectations on some of these social issues around how content should be handled, or on how elections should be handled, around what privacy norms governments want to see in place. Because these questions all have trade-offs. All the content and elections content and elections questions have trade-offs between giving people free expression and a voice but some, there trade-offs again safety and privacy and other social equities, they’re all very important. And it’s I think very difficult for a private company to balance those. And I think, it would be much better to have just a clearer guidance and clearer rules for the internet. So, that’s going to be something that we continue to advocate for.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I can take the first one. I mean, the biggest connection for -- the biggest difference between Messenger and WhatsApp is, obviously, the connection to Facebook and the kind of same identity and graph that you use on Facebook comes with you to Messenger. So, even if you can send messages across the different apps and there’s more interoperability, and we bring the same world-class privacy features to both, I think that that will still make the apps feel fairly distinct. I also think the kind of aesthetic and focus of the apps on how much different functionality they include will vary. I think, WhatsApp has always had -- we’ve always focused a lot on making it a very utilitarian experience and place more of a premium on simplicity there. So, we’ll continue adding new functionality, but we’re more focused on keeping that minimal. Whereas in Messenger, we have a lot more tools and features for expression. And I would expect that we’ll continue adding more there as well.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I can probably take both of those. Yes, I don’t know if we have any stats to share on the size of civic and political content, but it’s a pretty small minority of the content, right? And it’s -- and all the feedback that we have from our communities suggest that the vast majority of people would like it to stay that way. And I think, there has been this trend, I think, across society where a lot of things have become politicized and politics has kind of had a way of creeping into everything. And I think a lot of the work that we’re -- a lot of the feedback that we see from our communities that people don’t want that in their experience. And they come to our services to connect with friends and family, to connect to communities that they care about. And I think that we can potentially do a better job of those core jobs that we have and do a better job of helping to bring people together and helping to promote healthier communities if we can reduce the amount of politics on our services. Now, I mean it’s -- we’ll have to balance this carefully because we have a deep commitment to free expression. So, I believe that if people want to be able to discuss the stuff or join groups there, they should certainly be able to do that. But, I just don’t think that it’s serving the community particularly well to be recommending that content right now. But, one thing to mention just because you were asking about the headwinds and all that is, I don’t think that this is a factor in any of that. And Wehner can jump in, if there’s any more that you want to add on that. But I don’t think that that’s what he had in mind in any way there. Wehner, I’ll skip a beat for you to jump in if you want before going to the next question.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. And now, going to your 230 question, I do think, and I testified this -- about this in Congress. I do think that Congress should update Section 230 to make sure that it’s working the way that people intend, right? And it’s after, I think, being in place for almost 25 years. And the Section 230 has been very important. It’s helped give rise to the internet as we know it today. And it’s given internet platforms tools to be able to balance free expression and safety. And I think, it’s also gone pretty far in terms of helping to ensure that values like free expression are built into the internet’s DNA. So, I think that any changes should be thought through very carefully, and should be thought through not just from the perspective of what a larger company like Facebook or Google or Twitter could handle in terms of updating their content moderation policies, but also from the perspective of making sure that new companies can continue to emerge. I think, that’s very important as well. So, we’ve supported changes in this for a while. Back in 2018, we supported a change to prevent sex trafficking. And we’ll support similar efforts to tackle harms like child exploitation, imagery and material and opioids. And we’ll also support the new push to make content moderation systems more transparent. The details on all this of course matter, but we hope to be able to work with the new Congress on this.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can speak to the first point. First, for the business, and I don’t think we look at communities separately from friends and family. They are both different types of content that show up in news feed that people interact with. But my guess is that it’s probably already a pretty meaningful driver of the business and the value that people get from the services today. So, absolutely, I think as this continues to grow, it should be in the future. The big trend that we’re looking at now, and that I tried to call out in my remarks earlier, is that right now, there is a spectrum of different kinds of groups and communities on Facebook. Everything from meme groups that people find very entertaining and fun, to groups that people really turn to for support when they have kind of serious issues in their lives. And I think that right now, though, most of these communities, they have this backbone of -- there’s a feed, there are ways to message people. But, when I think about the physical communities that I’m a part of, in my life, they often have more of an institutional structure, right? There are sub-communities. There are people who -- it’s their full-time job to basically help people engage and basically help people navigate them. I’m thinking about things like the synagogues that I’m a member of, right? I mean, there are people there whose job it is to help engage the congregation and help them get basically the most out of everything that the institution has to offer, and that’s a very important kind of community organization. And I would love for more institutions like that to be able to organize and build community more effectively online. So, there are lots of just different tools that I think that if we provide spanning messaging, spanning video chat, these organizations own websites and other things that they do that if we can help in a lot of those areas, then we can make it that groups on Facebook are not just to feed and a place where you post some content and maybe engage on a post, but that we can really help more organizations build up community institutions like that. And I think that that could be a very big contribution and something that I’m excited about taking on.
