Dave Wehner: Brian, I’ll take a crack at both of those, and then Mark can add any color if he wants. In terms of cannibalization, Reels does pull time away from other surfaces, but we do believe it’s additive to overall engagement. And we’ve seen that in the past with other products like Stories. And so we’re seeing a similar pattern there. In terms of overall engagement for both Facebook and Instagram, there’s a lot of complexity with kind of looking through the period of COVID because that tends to create a lot of different peaks and troughs in engagement. But if you look back, engagement for both Facebook and Instagram, remain above the levels they were at pre-pandemic and that’s true both globally and in the U.S. So I think we’re pleased with that. On the CapEx front, let me just sort of address the overall ramp. It’s true we are investing significantly in AI and machine learning investments to power ranking and recommendations for things like Ads, Reels and Feed. And so that does add to the CapEx intensity of the business. And we do think there is additional capital intensity of the business as we make significant investments in AI and machine learning on top of just additional capacity growth. We’re not sharing an outlook beyond 2022 at this point. France, you can go to the next question. Go ahead.
Dave Wehner: Eric, I’ll take the second part – the second question that you had. We expect – we’ve expected ongoing privacy headwinds from the iOS changes, and we continue to see them. Those are obviously factored into our Q2 outlook, along with the impact on demand that we’re seeing from things like the war in Ukraine. More specifically, ATT continues to be a headwind, but we’re also seeing incremental headwinds from iOS 15 and other regulatory changes. And again, we factored all of those headwinds into our Q2 outlook. Of course, any outlook on platform headwinds depends in part on the platforms themselves and how they write and enforce their policies. So I’d sort of put that caveat in as well. When you look at what we’re doing to mitigate those near-term, we’re working on improvements to our current solutions and Sheryl talked about some of those like privacy-enhanced technologies. Medium-term, we see the opportunity to move clients more toward on-site conversions. We’re seeing a lot of success in things like Click-to-Messaging ads, lead gen ads and then more nascent effort in Shop Ads. And then longer-term, we’re rebuilding our ads stack to employ more machine learning and AI to be more effective at ads with less data. So we think we’ve got a response that we’re building into the new environment, and we’re optimistic about the future.
Dave Wehner: Yes, sure. On the $10 billion impact, we shared our estimated $10 billion impact on ATT last quarter to give a sense of the order of magnitude, and we believe it’s still to be that order of magnitude on the expected impact. It’s not a precise point estimate and we don’t plan to update it. Also worth noting, it’s – that’s not a – it’s not a lapping. There was an impact from ATT in the second half of last year as well. So that’s not a – all in the increment. There was an impact last year. Also beyond ATT, we expect to see additional targeting and measurement headwinds from iOS 15 and other regulatory changes. I don’t think we have anything at this point to share about 16. And then I think also, Justin, you asked about sort of the second half, we would expect the growth rate in Q3 to be modestly higher than the Q2 rate since we will be lapping the first full quarter impact of ATT in Q3, but there’s obviously a lot of uncertainty baked into our Q2 outlook, and that implies uncertainty in the second half as well.
Dave Wehner: Yes. And Youssef, it’s Dave. So on the retention and recruiting front, I mean, I’d say we continue to have success in recruiting as demonstrated by the 5,800 net new hires this quarter. So we're pleased with our ability to do that. Also on the retention front, attrition, which has stepped up since what we experienced during the pandemic is really still broadly consistent with levels that we had seen pre-pandemic. So it's definitely something that we're tracking and obviously, the stock price is something that we watch, but the trends are relatively in line with expectations. So from that sense, we feel like we're doing okay.
Dave Wehner: So I'll take the first question, sort of in terms of the regional growth. So growth slowed in all regions due to pricing headwinds, currency was obviously a headwind in all the international regions. Europe decelerated very meaningfully, and the existing headwinds were compounded by the effects of obviously, the Ukraine war. In North America, we have a relatively higher exposure to off-site objectives. So the targeting and measurement challenges continue to impact growth in that region more. Also, I'd note that in North America, impressions were down year-over-year in Q1. So ad impressions were down year-over-year, though the rate improved from Q4. So it was primarily a demand-driven deceleration. When we look at APAC and the Rest of World, it benefited from strong demand in products like Click-to-Messaging ads. In Rest of World, growth decelerated the least of all regions. Macro conditions in Brazil improved a bit after softness in the second half of 2021. And then in APAC, it was – relative strength was pretty broad-based, but I'd call out particular strength in India and that's benefiting from good supply tailwinds in terms of impression growth.
Dave Wehner: Yes. And I can address the Reels question. I think we've touched on it a few times. So I don't know if I have a whole lot that's additive, but it now makes up a meaningful portion of people's time on Instagram. Mark gave the stat that it's over 20% of people's time on Instagram. So that speaks to there being a good opportunity as we ramp ads in Reels, but it's very early days in terms of ads in Reels. But that being said, it's going to take – it's going to be, as Sheryl said, a multiyear journey. If you look at Stories, Stories, we really began ramping in 2018. And at the end of last year, we mentioned that in developed markets, Stories on a sort of per time basis was monetizing at a similar rate as feed. So it took many years for that gap to close and there's still work to be done across the world on that front. But Reels is going to be a similar opportunity, but also it will take time for us to close that gap. But given that it's a good amount of time that people are spending in Reels, that is a good opportunity for us over that time period.
Dave Wehner: Yes, Alan, because of the loss of users in Russia, we do expect there to be a sequential decline in MAUs in Europe. And we think that will feed over into overall global because I think that will tip it to be flat to down. Just as a reminder, government restrictions on Facebook access in Russia were implemented in late February through early March. So some Russian users were still on our service as active users during our Q1 calculation. So part of that is just the way we calculate MAUs the last month of the quarter. And so that's going to spill over into Q2. I think it's clear that short-form video is a massive opportunity for the industry broadly, and we're very pleased about the offering that we have with Reels and the opportunity for us to compete for share and time in the market. Obviously, other competitors are – have strong offerings like TikTok, but we're pleased with what we've got with Reels and the efforts that we're making to grow that important product.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I can give some context on the first one, and then Dave can speak to the second question. I think that the cycle here between investment and meaningful enough revenue growth to be near or very profitable is going to be long. I think it’s going to be longer for Reality Labs than for a lot of the traditional software that we’ve built. And if you think about – just a bit of context that may be useful on why we’ve ramped expenses so much is especially with the success that we’ve seen with Quest 2, we’re now basically funding product teams to be building our future products two or three versions into the future. Because when you’re designing hardware, these are multiyear plans that you’re building and kind of figuring out all the pieces that are going to go into that. So we have multiple teams in parallel that we’ve sort of now spun up. This goes for VR as well as augmented reality and the other work that we’re doing and is sort of driven by the success that we feel like we’re seeing in the markets and the technology is starting to be ready to really ramp up. So those expenses, we’re experiencing today. I mean, having those teams operating is something that you see weigh on the results and is one of the reasons why I think the growth rates and expenses have been so high, and I think we’ll continue investing more over some period. But at some point, we will have all those product teams fully staffed for a few versions into the future and then the growth rates there will come down. But it’s not going to be until those products really hit the market and scale in a meaningful way and this market ends up being big that this will be a big revenue or profit contributor to the business. So that’s why I’ve given the color on past calls that I expect us to be later this decade, right? Maybe primarily, this is laying the groundwork for what I expect to be a very exciting 2030s when this is like – when this is sort of more established as the primary computing platform at that point. I think that there will be results along the way for that, too. But I do think that this is going to be a longer cycle. Some of the software parts of what we’re doing in the Metaverse will, I think, have near-term opportunities to monetize. And I think we’ll see how that goes. Certainly, Horizon will roll out across all platforms and there will be a number of things that we can do there that will have shorter cycles that might resemble a little bit more what we’re used to with apps. But overall, I think that’s kind of the context that I want everyone to have on that.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. So I can talk about the AI-driven recommendations and discovery engine part. And I mean, maybe I can start to give some context on the ads too, and then someone else can jump in there. I think the biggest shift here is that now the universe of content that are candidates to show in a person’s feed is way bigger. It used to just be, okay, here are the people, here are the friends or businesses or pages that you follow. Maybe it was on the order of 1,000 or a few thousand potential posts a day that we could show and we built news feed system that could help rank those to show the most interesting ones to you at the top. But fundamentally, that was more a challenge of ranking a relatively small number of posts in the order that would be optimal. Now it’s a much more open-ended thing. There are millions of pieces of content that we could potentially show a person. And as our understanding of people and our understanding of content gets better through AI, we’re now better able to, across all different content types, text, links, photos, short-form videos, long-form videos, everything basically built to understand what the content is about, match it more with what people are interested in, which just means that there’s a lot more candidates to show people. The social content from your friends, I think will continue being a lot of the most unique and valuable content in the system, so that will still be there. But in addition to that, you’ll now have a lot of other interesting content. So overall, what does that mean? I think it will – this will be a – it will make the services more interesting. It will mean that there’s more interesting stuff to consume and interact with, both in Facebook and in Instagram, which should contribute to engagement over time. The parts of this that are about Reels, I think have some specific monetization questions where we need to ramp up that format. But the parts of this, which are just about showing better content in feed, should actually monetize quite naturally. And that’s something that I think we’re going to – we’re starting to see that kind of ramp-up in Facebook and Instagram already as a part of the experience. On the Reels monetization side, I mean, I think the main question here is, there’s the cycle, which – I mean, Sheryl should probably jump in and talk a little bit more about this. It just takes some time for all the advertisers to optimize the creative, right? It’s like when we started doing Stories, they had ads that were designed for news feed. And it just took some time for them to create effective content for Stories. And I think we’re going to see the same thing for Reels. And the way we think about the pacing of this is that we do show ads with Reels, but we’re going to show more as the content gets better and as that ramps up to not be a big kind of pain point in the user experience, where we basically match this, so that way as the ads get better across all these different formats, we’re willing to show more of them. And that’s why improving the quality of ads has also been really important for our business. So I’m not sure if there’s anything else you want to add on that, though, Sheryl.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. In terms of priorities, it's – our priorities are broadly consistent with what I've outlined on the last call. It was the beginning of the year, so I outlined a lot of the basic focus areas for the company, whereas on most earnings calls, I'll talk about a few areas that I've been particularly focused on. I think we're pacing some of the investments across each of these areas. But I think more importantly, we're shifting the bulk of the energy inside the company toward those high-priority areas, away from other areas. So we're a big company at this point. It's not just all about recruiting and adding new people from the outside. A lot of it is we have a lot of awesome people here and a lot of the decisions that we had to make on a day-to-day basis are how do we direct the really talented people who are already at the company, and we want to make sure that rather than just always relying on just getting more and more new people from the outside, which we're going to keep on doing, we're recruiting a lot, I want to make sure that our teams are disciplined about reprioritizing internally. One thing that I want to add just as a bit of cultural commentary on the attrition question is I don't think that this sort of volatility that companies face is always that unhealthy for making sure that you have the right people at companies. I mean during COVID, we saw the attrition levels go down a lot because people didn't want to get new jobs, which probably meant that there were people who were staying at the company who didn't care that much about what we were doing as compared to what we would have wanted. And I'm just trying to lead the company in a way where we're positioning ourselves as the premier company for building the future of social interaction and the Metaverse. If you care about those things, I think we're getting the best people to come work here. If you care about doing awesome AI work on stuff like the discovery engine, across all of these different types of formats, we're the only place that's doing that. And that's a great problem. And that we're just seeing attract a lot of talent. And I know that sometimes people are critical of the ads model, but it drives a lot of value for businesses and people around the world. And I think the people who believe in that and want to see that continue to grow, I want them here, too. So yes, I mean, I think we'll see attrition go up and down over time. I think we're doing okay now, as Dave says, but I don't necessarily think that periods like this, where we're prioritizing a little bit more where we're focusing and growing is going to be unhealthy over the long-term. I actually think it's going to make us a better company.
Sheryl Sandberg: No, I think it’s a really important thing to think about because it’s something we’re very optimistic about. We have great consumer engagement on Reels. We have fast growth. And we have a playbook for taking that kind of consumer engagement and rolling out ads into the experience. This is going to be a multiyear journey like Stories, but it’s one we’re very optimistic about. And as Mark said, it’s about helping advertisers create the format of ads that matches the content. Now what we’ve learned over time is the more we do for our advertisers, the better off we are, the more we automate it, the more we can help them target, the more we can help them form the creative and the experience we have putting ads and Stories is directly applicable. But the other reason we’re really optimistic is we think this can create great results for advertisers. And at the end of the day, advertisers are chasing ROI, they’re going to go where they get a return on their investment. And while this still monetizes at a lower rate versus feed and Stories, advertisers who are using it are seeing really promising results. I’ll share an example. Prose is a direct-to-consumer hair care brand, and they A/B tested adding a Reels ad placement to their usual campaign, they saw a 23% lower cost per purchase, a 52% higher unique audience reach and 3x higher video completion. So what that says is that this format works not just for this advertiser, but we’re hearing this from many across the board and we think we can help a lot of advertisers adopt this in the coming years.
Sheryl Sandberg: I’ll take the regulatory question. Now is a really critical and interesting time in regulation for our industry because the rules that are governing the Internet are being rethought and rewritten, certainly in Europe but increasingly around the world. You spoke about the DMA. We expect DMA to have significant challenges for our industry. We’re working with European regulators on these rules. They are largely in the range of what we were expecting, but the final text has not been released yet, and the details on this will matter. But overall, the regulatory environment is a real challenge for our industry. One, we think we are well set up to meet working closely with regulators and doing things in our technology like privacy-enhancing technologies to do more with less data. But we expect this to can be – this to continue to be a significantly challenging time, not just for us, but across our whole industry.
Sheryl Sandberg: So on the mitigation timeline, we've talked before and I've talked before about two key challenges from the iOS, which is what you mentioned, targeting and measuring performance. We're working through mitigations on both. They are both a multifaceted challenge and they're interconnected because better measurement leads to better targeting for advertisers. On the first, we are improving our systems as we test and learn and supporting advertisers with best practices and we're working on automating tools that will help advertisers target better and we have to do it with less data. We have to do more with more aggregated and anonymous data. On measurement, we've been able to close a good part of the underreporting gap and shared that with advertisers, but the rest of the gap will take us longer to close. This is a particularly big challenge for small businesses, because we have to work with them. We have to work with them obviously, in a longer tail and more resource-intensive way.
Sheryl Sandberg: Sorry, Dave and I are going back and forth. When you think about how we mitigate some of these challenges, there's a couple of things to think about. One, what are the solutions we have that can be on site. So as we develop some of our commerce products as people are using things like Click-to-Messaging ads, Click-to-Messaging ads are a good example of to close the loop, at least to the point where you're connecting directly with a customer, happens on our service. If our commerce efforts are successful over the longer term, we'll be able to close that loop directly on our end service. The other thing that was interesting and your question is you're right that this is about relative comparative advantage in a very highly competitive space that we have been able to use data, I think, in a privacy safe but very efficiently. Some of the data we've relied on has changed that's causing some near-term challenges and headwinds for us. But over the long run, once that settles out, advertisers are going to go where they get the best return. So we have highly engaged platforms, we still have very important data that is first-party that we are able to use to target. We're working on measurement solutions and we're also working on things without the industry. So we think while these times are challenging, over the long run, we do have a very strong competitive advantage when you look across the opportunities advertisers have to advertise both offline and online.
Sheryl Sandberg: I can take those. So on the first, it is the process I've described, which is that we know that if there's a consumer product that consumers are enjoying, we are able to move advertisers into that product if a couple of things are true. As Mark talked about, the format of the ads fits into the format of the product. Reels, which is short-form video, which is text, which is pictures, is a great format for us because those are all things we've already done well, both on the consumer front but importantly on the ads front. So we are able to create the format of the ads and offer that to advertisers. Then we need to help advertisers create compelling ads and we need to help them place across our different properties. We have a lot of places you can place ads. We have a lot of experience in this, and we are on a ramp. It is a multiyear ramp, but we've learned things, make it as automated as possible. For example, rather than ask advertisers create the perfect ad, the more you can ask advertisers to give you the components of that ad and create it for them, the better. Things will work on over time. On targeting try to figure out what are the advertisers' real end goals and then we can suggest the products that fit for those end goals. So if you tell us you're trying to get to on-site conversions or you tell us you're trying to get people to message you, we can then put you into different placements across our ad offerings. And Reels is a very compelling part of that. On the incrementality of budgets, it's always both. When we roll out a new product, there's always some of the budgets, which are just being reallocated from other parts of our own platform because there are people who will have a Meta budget or a Facebook budget or an Instagram budget. Over time, our goal is to grow those budgets. And we do that the same way. It is our large teams, feet on the street, working with our global advertisers and our largest clients, and it's our online ability to sell and monetize and grow that I think we are industry leading on working with SMBs, where we have to show them the returns and win their budgets. And when we roll out new products and partially, it's incremental as long as we're really delivering great ROI compared to what they can get off of our platform, over time, those budgets can continue to grow.
