Dave Wehner: I can start with the ad load question, Doug. So, ad load is definitely up significantly from where we were a couple of years ago. And as I mentioned, it’s one of the factors driving an increasing inventory. Really one thing to kind of think about here is that improving the quality and the relevance of the ads has enabled us to show more of them and without harming the experience, and our focus really remains on the experience. So, we’ll continue to monitor engagement and sentiment very carefully. I mentioned that we expect the factors that drove the performance in 2015 to continue to drive the performance in 2016. So, I think that’s the color I can give on ad loads.
Dave Wehner: Yes, John, it’s Dave. Just on that question, we’re not commenting specifically on Q1. We didn’t see anything in Q4 that indicated broad-based macro weakness beyond of course the impact that FX was having, which was pretty significant. I mean we saw the impact in places like Brazil, where you’ve gotten in currency headwind of over 30%. So, you’re certainly seeing that impacted. And obviously those sort of global macroeconomic and currency factors will continue to impact us. We’re obviously benefiting from a strong secular shift to usage of mobile and we feel we’re very well positioned in that. We’re seeing more and more advertisers move to mobile; they realize that it’s no longer question of whether they need to be on mobile, but it’s really how they’re going to be on mobile, and we think we’ve got the best solution for that and we’re investing to make it even better. So, I think from a secular trend point of view, we’re very well-positioned, but obviously we’ll continue to monitor the macro conditions and currency.
Dave Wehner: Ben just following up on VR and supply constraints, so we have two products. You’ve got Gear VR and Samsung is really handling all of that from a hardware perspective, and obviously they’re well prepared on that front. With Rift, it’s really -- it’s early in the evolution of VR; it’s early to be talking about large volumes. So, at this point I don’t think we’re giving a lot of color around supply chain and that sort of thing. It’s not going to be material to our financials this year.
Dave Wehner: Justin on time spent, there is no question that video is helping us on time spent and engagement. We’re not -- you won’t have any specific stats other than the hours per day -- or sorry time spent per day that Mark mentioned on video. So no updates on stats there other than that. In terms of our long-term margins, we’re not managing the business to a specific margin target in any year. We still think we’re early in investing in the business. And we’re really investing in new areas today where we see a long-term opportunity for revenue growth. That being said, we do think there is a lot of margin potential in this business, given the focus on advertising, but no target at this point.
Dave Wehner: Yes, Anthony, it’s Dave. Instagram, we’re certainly very pleased with the performance of Instagram and it certainly made a contribution this quarter. But make no mistake, Facebook, core Facebook is really driving the top-line. And we’re very pleased with the strong performance that we had with Facebook itself in the quarter.
Dave Wehner: And Paul, it’s Dave. I think that question is really around sort of FX and how it relates on the revenue side versus the cost side. And on that front, we’re -- substantial majority of our expenses are U.S. dollar base. So certainly we see an impact to margins with FX headwind. So that’s just the reality of having most of our development resources for instance in the U.S. So beyond that, we don’t do geographic cost breakouts and allocations; it’s not how we run the business. But certainly from an FX point of view, FX headwinds have a dampening effect on margins.
Mark Zuckerberg: On Messenger, the platform efforts in 2015 focused on two things. One was expanding the different types of content that people could share in Messenger. And that diversity is going really well. And we see continued increase in video sharing and photos and stickers, and a lot of stuff that you would just call fun but that people really enjoy as different ways to express themselves. But in terms of the business, the more important piece is how people can interact with businesses through Messenger. And we started some early small tests around f8 last year where with some ecommerce services made it so that people who were buying things could follow up with the business and get customer support and buy more things. And we went through this process of integrating that and making sure that it’s integrated with all these system well. And I think everyone is really happy with that so far. So we started off pretty slowly, but that’s going to be some of the basis for how we look to make Messenger a business going forward. And we’re happy with the initial results. There is obviously a lot more there that we need to do and we’ll have more to talk about this year and beyond.
Mark Zuckerberg: I will take the Oculus one first. Yes, I am happy. I don’t show much joy, but I am happy. It’s going to be gaming for the beginning. That’s the initial market. There are about -- I think it’s around 250 million people who have Xboxes, Play Station, or Wiis. That’s the initial marketer folks who we think are going to be most interested from the early VR experiences, especially at some of the higher price points. But overall, I mean the reason why we’re interested in this as the social company is that we think that this is going to be a new way that people interact. And if you tried out the Toybox demo with the hands, Oculus Touch, what you see is when you’re in virtual reality with another person and you can interact with the environment and use your hands, you can -- it’s not just about where you are and the fact that you can instantaneously teleport to another place, it’s just you can interact with people in all these different ways that would be very difficult in the rest of the world. So, we’re very excited about that. That’s going to be a big area of investment for us. And it is ultimately I think going to change the way that we communicate and live and work in addition to how we play games. But I think we’re off to a good start.
Mark Zuckerberg: So, on the apps question, the ones that have done the best are things that augment core Facebook functionality for large subsets of the community. So, for example, we have this Pages Manager App. There are 50 million businesses that have pages on Facebook. And while that is not a huge number compared to the size of the overall community of people, it’s a very large number of people and businesses. And giving a focused experience for the person who wants to run their business through Facebook and be communicating with their customers all day long, that’s just proven to be an incredibly engaging experience that drives content into the system and is good overall. We have introduced a number of things like that for public figures, for groups, messengers, probably been the most successful; it’s something that’s connected to the Facebook experience that now has more than 800 million people using it. So, I do think that there’re additional opportunities for this and we’ll continue looking at them.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So Reactions is going to rollout on every platform. We’re testing it in a handful of countries to start just to make sure that we have the UI and interaction simple enough that people could express more of what they wanted without getting in their way, it is adding a little bit of complexity to something that is very simple, say just a one tap like button. But the philosophy behind it is that when you only have a like button, if you share a sad piece of content or something that makes you angry, people may not have the tool to react to it. And therefore over time the community feels less comfortable sharing that kind of content on Facebook. And we want people to be able to share all of the things that are meaningful to them not just the things that are happy and that people are going to like when they see it. And we think that that’s just really important to the mission of the company and we’ll increasing engagement and sharing and openness, and all of the things that we care about. And so far I think there are a few tweaks that we needed to make to reaction since initially testing it. But its’ going well and I think we plan to roll it out every where pretty soon, so that’s the game plan there. On payments, the basic strategy that we have is to make it especially in products like Messenger that where the business interaction maybe a bit more transactional, to take all the friction out of making the transactions that you need. So, we don’t view ourselves as a payments business, that’s not the type of company that we are. We’ll partner with everyone who does payment. We look at the stuff that Apple is doing with Apple Pay for example as a really neat innovation in the space that takes a lot of friction out of transactions as well. And our view is that the less friction, the better the user experience, the more people can easily interact with businesses that they care about. And ultimately for our business that will drive up the amount that businesses are willing to pay to advertise to send people into those interactions because they perform well. So it’s good for everyone but that’s how we think about that.
Mark Zuckerberg: Well, I’ll answer the other one. In terms of the story that you said, I think you have it wrong. I don’t know where you got that story from, I’ve never had a conversation with the team where we were behind on mobile and then I said we need to do this to make money. That’s not really how we operate. What happened is we realized that mobile was growing faster than desktop and that people were shifting their usage and that it was the more important thing for people’s consumer experience. And that’s when we made the shift, not in our business first but in how we develop products. And I told all of our product team and when they come in reviews really just coming with mobile. If you come in and you try to show me a desktop product, then I am going to kick you out; you have to come in and show me a mobile product. And that I think was just as a crude leadership tactic, somewhat effective and helping to motivate the organization to shift its energy towards focusing on mobile. But if you remember, we actually went through a pretty tough period because we went through this period where our mobile experience was not as good as we wanted it to be and we had no ads on mobile. And we actually prioritized making the mobile experience good before putting ad there. So there was a long time where people thought that our business might not be as good because we had no ads on mobile, and that was because we always prioritized the experience for people above, even if it’s going to be a painful thing for the company. So that’s how I think about messaging. We know that messaging is going to be increasingly important, that’s why we went out and hired David Marcus who is one of the best product leaders in the field to Messenger and why we bought WhatsApp, which the leading messaging product worldwide. And we have a formula for how we build these businesses. First, you build a great consumer experience that helps people share in a new way that’s really important. Then after that you can start to introduce organic ways that people can interact with businesses, so that in Facebook is pages, the businesses that people want to interact with, the public figures, the politicians, not necessary ads but organic interactions around not necessarily just your friends and families but more public figures and businesses. And then only once you have that ramped up to a good scale, can you really start dialing up advertising having that feel good and be a good part of your experience with good content because all those public figures and businesses are already participating in the platform at scale. So, you could expect to see that playbook in Instagram, we’re pretty far along in terms of having quite a mature pubic content. Ecosystem and ads are ramping well with good high quality ads because a lot of public figures and businesses are already investing in creating that kind of good content that goes in Instagram. And you’re going to see the same playbook in Messenger and WhatsApp. In terms of making it so there are organic businesses and public figures, there is a bit more of that on WhatsApp already in terms of businesses using it and our Messenger, we are catching on Messenger; we’ll do that on both. And once we have those ecosystems built out, we will build businesses around them. And that’s how we think about stuff and we’ll do that in all of our products and the different things that we do going forward.
Sheryl Sandberg: When we introduce ads into feed and continue to increase the ad load, we monitor really carefully. We’re looking at user engagement on the platform, we also look at the quality of ads. And our basic belief is that if we have high quality ads, those create a good consumer experience and we can look at what consumers are doing, because we can understand how actively engaged they are on the platform. For Instagram, we don’t break out revenue. Instagram, and we’re pleased with the growth on Instagram. And as I mentioned, 98 of our top 100 advertisers in Facebook are now advertising on Instagram. It’s also the case that Facebook had remarkably strong growth as well. So, we’re seeing strong growth across those platforms. I think what’s exciting about those platforms is that they combine the art and the science of both a creative canvas that marketers are excited about and targeting. So to share another example from a holiday, Shutterfly did a Facebook and Instagram, both the brand and direct response holiday campaign on mobile. And what they did was just beautiful pictures but also targeting very specifically to women with specific interest, such as things like weddings and babies, and they saw a 6.4 times return on ad spend. We think that’s what’s possible when you combine the creative canvas we have using the technology and using the platform that we’ve created.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the Instagram question, certainly in the short-run, some of the spend is incremental and some of it isn’t. Some of our clients approached us where they have a social budget or Facebook budget and some of that moves to Instagram and some people, it’s incremental spend. In the medium to long-run however, we believe that we’re really well-positioned to take share from other platforms out there. We believe both Facebook and Instagram have this combination of an ability to do great creative with the best targeting in a most sophisticated measurement which shows businesses how we help them move products off shelves. And we want and we tell our clients we want to be the best dollar, the best euro, the best pound and the best minute you spend. And we really encourage them to measure their ROI and compare us to other platforms. We think that comparison bodes very well for our growth. We also think that continued consumer shift to mobile devices bodes well for our growth as well. That said, we have to continue to execute. We know this won’t be easy. We have to continue to build the right products. We have to continue to measure all the way through from seeing an ad impression to sell. And so it’s up to us to stay focused in the coming year and years.
Sheryl Sandberg: I think our approach to increasing monetization around the world is really the same. We need to build really compelling ad products with great formats that let marketers be creative and be convincing. I’ll share an example of something we did for an emerging market. I’ve mentioned briefly in my remarks, Slideshow, the Slideshow product is -- enables a video like experience which phone with lower connection speeds and feature phone by series of photos. So, Coca-Cola used that in Kenya and Nigeria. They took screenshots of a video ad they have produced for other markets, they uploaded them with text; and they reached 2 million people with a 10-point lift in ad awareness. So, the way we need to drive sales around the world is by understanding markets, launching things like click to missed call ads in India and making sure our products work for market but also being able to connect to those advertising metrics and business metrics around the world. Video ads are important on our platform and the most important thing that’s growing well there is consumer engagement with video is growing. We have 500 million people watching video a day. And the fact that so much video is being consumed on our platform gives us room for an ads business to grow because we want the formats to match. Marketers also really love video and it’s a really compelling way to reach people and video is contributing to our growth. It’s important to note that it’s not just large brand advertisers that are doing video but all of our market segments. Direct response, SMBs who have uploaded 1.5 million videos and have both organic and paid in the last month, and developers. The video ad spend is not all incremental of course because every time we put an ad in newsfeed, if it’s a video ad, it’s taking a place of an ad with another format. In terms of learnings, one of the most important learnings we have is that video formats are different on Facebook. There’re certainly people that are watching the whole 30-second video ad with sound, but there are some people that are doing at less, they’re watching shorter formats and they’re watching with sound. And one of the challenges we have in the market is convincing marketers and agencies and people that make the video to expand them with different formats. The good news is that we’re getting great results like the Halo 5 example I shared in my remarks that when people are willing to experiment, this is a pretty unique canvas. You can do short form with sound off, you can be longer firm with sound on and everything in between. And our ability to persuade marketers to experiment is going to be a major driver of how much we can do here.
Sheryl Sandberg: In terms of monetizing time spent, it’s certainly the case that consumers have shifted to mobile and businesses need to catch up. The exact [ph] percentage we can monetize that we’ll see, but we certainly think that we will continue to benefit from the consumer shift to mobile, because businesses are behind. If you ask even our largest clients, our largest clients, if they drew a pie chart of where their consumer spend their time and money and whether they spend their time, we’re still under-indexed. That said I’ll say it again, we’ve a lot of hard work to do. We really need to prove to clients particularly as they scale and we become a bigger part of their spent that we’re driving results. Other platforms, other forms of advertising like TV and other have very established metrics that people have believed for a very long time. We think our targeting can be better than any other platform. We also believe our ability to measure results can be deeper, but it’s up to us to prove and to prove that client-to-client. It’s also worth noting that we work really well with TV. It’s not always the choice of TV or Facebook, but often we can be a complement. We’ve done a bunch of work with Nielsen to measure what happens when marketers do big TV campaigns and do campaigns that are broadly, broadly targeted on Facebook. And we are able to increase the reach and increase brand favorability. So for the most part when people are doing big campaigns, they’re doing them across multiple platforms and we think that will continue.
Sheryl Sandberg: In terms of video content, newsfeed is as interesting as the quality of the content in it. What we’re seeing is that users are generating a lot of really high quality content, often pretty short form that people are really happy to consume. And we believe that trend will continue because we’re at the very beginning with people really understanding the power of the smartphones and lot of people are walking around with particularly in developed market. We are working with publishers to try to make the content experience better inside of newsfeed. The best example of that is probably news with Instant Articles where we figured out that, it was the slowest upload experience you could have in newsfeed to link off to an outside article. So, we worked with publishers to upload more news articles natively to Facebook and we’re seeing great engagement from that. Similarly, we’ve had conversations with makers of Premium Content, I think they’re excited by the work they already do with us to use Facebook to distribute their content and we’re interested and doing more. It’s probably worth noting that much of the engagement and consumption we have is short form, not long form.
Sheryl Sandberg: Fourth quarter is a holiday quarter, so our top verticals were ecommerce, CPG and retail. Our growth is really broad-based, and I think it really shows how important the targeting can be. What we’ve definitely done over the last year and plan to invest even more in over the next year is worked hard on vertical specific targeting. So for example for the telecom industry being able to target existing consumers with new consumers with people who are -- their voice plan or data plan’s about to expire. With the auto industry, really important industry for growth for us, helping them figure out who their current customers are, who their potential customers are and where are the audience segments out there who have similar likes, interests, backgrounds, demographics to their current customers so that they can serve right ad to the right people. The kind of things we’re able to do with targeting and measurement apply across industries and obviously have to be industry and vertical specific and we’re working hard at that.
Sheryl Sandberg: In terms of the election, it’s important to note that we’re large and diversified, so no one vertical drives our business. Yes, the 2016 election is a big deal in terms of ad spend but so is the World Cup, so Super Bowl every year, so are events like the Olympics. We are excited about the targeting we’re able to offer for our ad platform. We believe we have position that doesn’t exist on any other platforms. So for example, using Facebook and Instagram ads you can target by congressional district, you can target by interest, you can target by demographics or any combination of those. And we’re seeing politicians at all level really take advantage of that targeting. It’s also probably worth saying that we’re pretty excited about what’s happening with the elections organically on Facebook. Facebook is really the new town hall. And connecting the people who are running for office, both at the national and the local level with people directly has been really important. Every member of Congress in the United States is now on Facebook. We’re seeing some of them post every vote and explain why they’re doing votes. We’re seeing a bunch of that candidates for president get on Facebook themselves and interact taking questions from their potential voters directly. And we think that kind of direct engagement where people can hold their elected officials accountable and elected officials can speak directly to constituents is a really important part of our mission and we’re excited about the 2016 election and what’s happening there.
