David Wehner: Yes, sure. Sorry. We're doing our coordination. So, Brian, yes, the trends that we saw in the end of Q1, we saw pull back, pretty broad based pull back especially concentrated in some of the areas that we talked about, things like travel and auto, but really kind of broad-based, large and small advertisers. We saw a relative strength even then in a few categories like gaming, where you have always-on campaigns that we're able to pick up some supply, because the lower pricing kind of cleared at the levels that those advertisers were trying to acquire users at, so that is one of the benefits of the auction. And then e-commerce, we've seen -- it was not a strong as gaming, but we've seen that show signs of stability as well. And all of those trends sort of continued into Q2, so I don't think there's a lot of vertical shifts, but I think we are seeing e-commerce sort of do reasonably well. What we're seeing is really, I think pretty straightforward. We're seeing people who are driving towards online conversion events do well because they're able to kind of bid in the auction and get those users and get those results that they're looking for, and people who are like looking for offline or more top of funnel brand, there we've seen more pullback instead.
David Wehner: Yes. And the only thing I'd add there is, we talked about 39% increase in ad impressions and that's really driven by engagement increases on our feed products and stories products as well as the search that we've seen in the video and messaging. So it really wasn't limited to video and messaging, it was broad-based as Mark said, and that's creating supply on the ad impression side as well.
David Wehner: I can take that Justin. In terms of the ad auction dynamics, yes, I mean, we are seeing, when verticals doing better than the other or people fall out of the auction we have very dynamic content, it's -- and so we're able to backfill that with other bids from other clients. So we're seeing a lot of bidding into the system from gaming and e-commerce as prices come down it's also more economic and they can get the ROIs that they want. So it's a natural way in which those -- that happens and you see a replacement effect there. So that's working well. Far more -- by far the majority of our revenue we haven't given a specific number on what is direct response. But it's really for many years driven our business. It continues to drive our business and I would say if anything COVID is accentuated the importance of people who are bidding for online conversions. And so, I think we've seen a fall-off in some of the more sort of broad-based brand advertising right now and really a focus on those things that are driving direct results today, which isn't really surprising given the economic climate.
David Wehner: Hey Ross, it's Dave. I'll take that first one. Yes, we've seen sort of a pullback of advertising from both large and small advertisers. And I would say, given the uncertain economic climate, we know SMBs are getting hit hard, but our business is quite diversified and there is no one size fits all for SMBs. We've got some businesses that are obviously suffering greatly from the shelter-in-place orders and then we have SMBs, who are also digital natives and have online objectives and those are doing relatively better. So we've got SMBs, who are in gaming and e-commerce and the like. So, we are seeing I think a fairly diverse range of SMBs. And I would say in terms of the diversity of our business that's, that remains very high. We're not concentrated. But we haven't updated that specific stat that we gave back four years ago. We remain very diversified from an advertiser perspective.
David Wehner: Youssef, I'll take the second part of that question. So I think it's probably the market that would be most instructive would be a market like China, but I think for us China is a bit different, because we don't have users in China. So the business there is China-based advertisers reaching people outside of China. So it's hard to extrapolate too much from that. We did see a pullback of revenue in China earlier in the quarter, and we have seen a recovery there, and a recovery -- but one thing that's hard to know is part of that is really kind of mixed up in the vertical -- verticals as well. China tends to for us index pretty highly with gaming and e-commerce and those segments that are driven towards online outcomes, where we're seeing relative strength. So it's hard to really read too much into the experience.
David Wehner: Yes. Eric, on the bad debt expense that increased by $193 million. So that will be the number that's in the Q and the majority of that relates to charges. Obviously that we're taking related to the COVID-19 pandemic in our views on collectability of certain accounts in that environment.
David Wehner: Sure, Colin, I can take both of those. Yes, I mean the targeting headwinds are having an impact on the business, but obviously that's dwarfed by the impact that COVID-19 is having right now. We continue to see the three factors around targeting, and this hasn't changed the regulatory pressures with GDPR and CPPA and similar regulations. The moves by platforms that make third-party targeting and measurement more difficult, and then our own moves on launching privacy controls. So, these are impacting the whole industry, and we believe we're relatively well positioned. We've got a lot of first-party signal. That said, I think this will have a broad impact on return on investment and could affect what advertisers are able to find and acquire customers effectively for their businesses, may not be able to grow as quickly as they otherwise could and that could have a negative impact on their growth in the economy and obviously revenue for us. So certainly, it's a challenging time to make it tougher for businesses to grow, but we're certainly -- continue to have that headwind in the longer term.
David Wehner: And I'm sorry, I forgot investment priorities. We're continuing to focus on recruiting on the tax side. So product and engineering. So we're sort of fully going down that path. That's was our core product and innovation efforts. And we are slowing down headcount in business function. So some of the functions related to things like advertising sales is slower in those departments, given the overall economic climate. And then there are certain areas that we're just finding efficiencies, there's less travel, there's less entertainment. And I think that may persist for quite some time. So we're seeing savings there and we're going to be looking at getting marketing efficiencies, because obviously prices are coming down on the marketing front, so that we can get the same impact for less dollars and also look for efficiencies on marketing spend. So those are the areas that I would call out.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure, I can speak to the first one, and David can see if there are any stats in particular to share on the second one. I mean for commerce on WhatsApp more broadly, we're very focused on making it, so that small businesses can have a presence on all of the apps, right, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger and can communicate organically with people and then increasingly can do things that can help them drive transactions. So we started rolling out things like catalogs in WhatsApp, we're working on payments to be able to complete transactions, and we've rolled out a new ad format, click to messaging ads, where basically a lot of small businesses and different businesses are finding that their message threads with people perform better for driving sales than their websites or other presences. They basically buy ads inside Facebook or Instagram that sends people to chat threads. And then, as we build out all these tools around that -- around making those threads more valuable, we think that those ads will only increase in value, which is the way we're currently thinking about that business. In India with Jio; Jio has had this vision for a while, I want to be careful not to put words in their mouth, but just from what they've basically described both to us and publicly about their JioMart vision is, there are millions of small businesses and shops across India, and they want to try to help get them on to a single network that you'll be able to communicate with through WhatsApp and do payments online through WhatsApp. So, I think that that is a great, very large example of how we can wire up and help small businesses in the country where we have the largest WhatsApp community. But certainly all the products and technology that we're building to enable that partnership are going to be things that we want to do around the world. So, we're very excited about working with them to drive this vision forward and then extending it everywhere over the coming months and years. Dave, I don't know if you want to say anything about the second point. I think it's at a high level, I mean you may have stats that you want to share. But I think it's, we have seen a broad-based increase in use of the products. It's hard to know what is just correlated with the pandemic versus people are doing more video chat or messaging, so therefore they also connect more in other parts of the products, but I do think, overall, we believe that providing a broad set of social tools for people is -- and just providing more value for people does include all of the different services which is important because as you know, some of the services for our business we include ads in and some we don't.
Mark Zuckerberg: And I can talk to the margins a bit. Overall, I think during a period like this there are a lot of new things that need to get built. And I think it's important that rather than slamming on the brakes now, as I think a lot of companies may, that it's important to keep on building and keep on investing in building for the new need that people have and especially to make up for some of the stuffs that that other companies would pull-back on, and I think that's in some ways that's an opportunity, in other ways, I think it's responsibility to keep on investing in the economic recovery. So that's in the near-term. But the other reflection that I've had is that, I think if you're going to have a business, which is primarily advertising, which is our plan for the long-term, then I think you have to recognize that advertising is more volatile and sensitive to the macro economy, and therefore if you're going to have this kind of a business, I think you really want to maintain high margins. So that way when we go through periods like this, you can make sure that we remain stable and healthy and able to keep on building the things that are important for the long term. So what I guess I'd want to just be clear on is that, we are willing to accept a reduction in margins in the near term, but we understand and I personally have an appreciation for the importance of maintaining high margins over time. So, it's not that we're going to kind of take things down this year and then continue taking things down a lot in the future. I think over the coming years if we invest a lot more now, I think we are going to look for ways to manage expenses to make sure that we can maintain high margins overtime.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So I can talk a bit about games. We have a few big areas of investment here. One is just in our mobile apps, massive amount of growth in live streaming. That's -- I talked about live video in my opening remarks and people live streaming gaming content is certainly one big category that's growing quickly and that we're investing a lot in. So that I think is going quite well. We recently had some pretty big launches of an app in that area, and we're going to keep on investing there. Then on the virtual reality side, this has always been a long-term vision. Quest has surpassed our expectations. I wish we can make more of them faster during this period. I do think that it's one of those areas where as people can't go out into the world as much, the ability to have technology that allows us to be physically present or feel present even when we can be physically together, whether that's Quest or Portal or any of the software that we're building around video presence that stuff is certainly seen especially large spikes in usage and it's possible that this brings accelerate some of the trends around adoption of things like virtual or augmented reality. But I'm not sure what will happen there long-term? But in the near term, I'm quite pleased with how Quest is doing and I wish we could make more of them.
Mark Zuckerberg: I mean, I can talk to it briefly and then you can add to it if you think that there is more. We are seeing increases in some of the consumer behavior around this, but I think the bigger thing is just that for all the small businesses that we serve and a lot of small businesses that are out there that are still primarily physical, there is a -- there has been a big push to get online and to do more selling online. And I think there are lots of opportunities for us to support them in building the tools that they need to do this. We're seeing a lot of businesses that work primarily physical. Now moving towards selling stuff online for the first time, and we're seeing a lot of businesses that already had a digital presence, now really transitioned to having their digital presence be primarily -- be their primary presence. And that, I think that that trend, while there may be some short-term spike, I do think plays into a pre-existing long-term trend. And we'll certainly want to accelerate that aspect of our product road map to make sure that we can serve a lot of those businesses during this period when it can help them with the recovery and get through this. So we're working on a lot of work streams there. We'll hopefully have more to share over the coming weeks.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I can take those two. I think that we'll see a meaningful economic hit if I had to predict for the period of the health emergency. And so I think that as Dave said in his comments, the efficacy of the shelter-in-place orders and how well that's going, I think will be a big determinant of how long and how painful the economic fallout is from this. So there is certainly a range of outcomes that I don't think I have any particular insight that that's not public or that you don't have. But I worry that this could be worse than at least some people are predicting. The other question was monetization on WhatsApp. I think that there is a huge opportunity on WhatsApp if for no other reason than that it has 2 billion people using it and we haven't done significant work on building out the business yet. I mean we have some tools there, but we're still early in the phase of -- we've built out WhatsApp Business. There is tens of millions of businesses that are signed up and that are using that. So it's -- there is tremendous demand people want to communicate with businesses and we've been in the process of building out the infrastructure to do payments and more commerce, ad units like what I mentioned around quick to messaging ads are performing well. So, I think all the indicators are positive; but it's just a generally untapped opportunity so far, and one that we are that I think it's very exciting to build out over the coming years.
