David Wehner: On the quality changes on the impact on DAU in the U.S. and Canada, really no further I think elaboration on that. I would just say that we don't anticipate that that will be a continuing trend, but given the high penetration rates, we do think they'll be some fluctuation there. There's a lot of different effects that come from the different quality changes and focus on meaningful social interactions, but that's our expectation at this point.
David Wehner: Hey Doug, it’s Dave. I'll start off on the impact on the business. The biggest focus – the biggest impact of the focus on meaningful interactions as Mark mentioned will be in areas like passive video, where from a business perspective, we monetize less on a time spent basis. So if you think about it in terms of things like post views in News Feed, which drives impression growth that we think this will have less of an impact, and so that's sort of built in to what I had said about the business commentary when I commented on 2018 revenue outlook. We still believe we have an opportunity to grow impressions at a modest space year-over-year across the platform.
David Wehner: And then Eric, you had a question about, how we might expect expense growth to progress through the year? There is no specific one item that's going to drive it. So we would expect expense growth to ramp throughout the year, largely due to the factors that we've talked about on prior calls in terms of what's driving the overall acceleration. There's the continued investment on the security front. We talked about that in both Mark's comments and my comments and we're continuing to ramp that investment. We are continuing to invest to support the video strategy on Watch. So we would expect that content investment to continue and ramp. And then finally we're continuing to invest in the long-term initiatives in areas like AR, VR, AI and connectivity. So across the board, we would expect expense growth ramp throughout the year.
David Wehner: Yes, Peter. I'll take the second part first. We began to make changes around a number of different quality initiatives in the fourth quarter, so that affected metrics that we've talked about including both the time spent and the DAU. But we continue to make changes to improve and to optimize around driving meaningful social interactions as Mark talked about. That's going to be an ongoing journey throughout the year. So there's no – I don't think we ever are going to declare that we are done making changes. So I'd expect we would continue to make changes and evolve.
David Wehner: Yes. Sure, Justin on pricing growth, I think there we feel like we're making good progress in our goal of driving better outcomes in ROI for our advertisers through things like better targeting, better ad units, driving better conversion, and we think we're making good progress there, and the willingness of advertisers continue to grow budgets with us I think highlights our progress there. You remember they are optimizing at the end of the day for business results for a given dollar spent not the impression price that we're kind of nominally reporting here. So you can think of all of this work and Sheryl talked about the value optimization efforts as part of that as being an effort to improve the yield of the impressions that we have to drive downstream business results for advertising partners. And if we can drive those affectively that will translate into higher effective prices for our business. And as I mentioned, I think we believe we still have a lot of work to do to continue to improve that. So we think there's opportunities here.
David Wehner: Let me just quickly hit on the constant currency question I think you had at the beginning Mark. The acceleration we saw from Q3 to Q4 was currency for Europe, but Europe continues to grow at a very healthy pace on a constant currency basis, so we're very pleased with the results both in constant currency terms and nominal terms. And then Sheryl.
David Wehner: Yes. Ross, I guess I'll take both. Yes, we don't break out the type of metric that you're talking about on the passive versus active consumption. So we don't have anything specifically to share there. In terms of breaking out pricing on a mobile basis. I mean I think overall that the trends reflect a generally what's happening on mobile, but there is still an overlay of a shift from desktop. But overall, we are seeing prices increase on mobile in region, so I think that's consistent with the reported trend.
David Wehner: We continue to be pleased with the growth of Instagram both on a user basis and on a revenue basis. It continues to make an increasing contribution to the business. So we're very pleased with the Instagram result, nothing specifically to highlight from a metrics point of view.
David Wehner: I can take the second question first, Mark. I think what I am trying to say is that we do expect constant currency revenue growth to continue to decelerate consistent with steady deceleration that we've seen over the past year, so we do expect that trend to continue. I'm not putting specific percentages around it.
Sheryl Sandberg: On story monetization, ads in Stories on Instagram is a small, but quickly growing part of our revenue. There are 300 million daily actives on Instagram alone, and the format is pretty exciting from a sales point of view because it has a lot of potential. Its full screen is authentic, it’s very engaging. So the opportunity in the future for us to combine the power of this new format with the targeting and measurement we offer, we think it’s going to be really powerful for both our business and the business of our clients. It's early days, but I'm pretty optimistic about this.
Sheryl Sandberg: When I think about the MSI changes, obviously any change that's beneficial for our community is good for the long run health of our business, because as Mark said, we care not just about time spent on Facebook, but time well spent. But even in the shorter-term all time spent on Facebook is not equal, because when people spend time viewing more posts because they're interacting with family and friends and they're not involved in longer post. We have actually more monetization opportunities. We're not doing this to be positive or negative for revenue. We're doing this because is the right thing for our community. But the impact that has on monetization is certainly not clearly negative. When you think about GDPR, the Facebook family of apps already applies the core principles in GDPR frame, which are transparency and control and we are building on this to make we’re ready to fully comply by May. We're going to continue to give people are personalized experience to be clear about how are using the data and give choices and we realize that this means that some users might opt out of our ads targeting tool. We also know that there may be a DAU impact for implications on European usage. But from the targeting, we're not forecasting a big impact here. There's some risk and more watching closely. Over the long run, we feel confident that we're very well placed to navigate the transition.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the DAU impact any Advertiser response our business is strong. We have over 184 million people using Facebook everyday in the U.S., which is considerably more than the Super Bowl every day on mobile alone. We also have – we think the best stability to target and make advertising relevant for businesses and people who see ads. We're continuing to build the products that allow businesses to get a higher return for the dollars they spend and allow people to see more relevant information in ads on our platform. So we're pleased with the growth and we believe that that delivering the strong quarter we have shows that. On Watch, it’s just early days. We have a dedicated place for people to watch and comment, where heavily focused on the social aspects of video viewing, but it’s too early to report any really findings.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the search opportunity, there's a growing number of searches on Facebook, but we're still a ways off from monetization. It's worth noting though that because of our ads targeting our ability to reach people multiple times. We do believe that some of our ad success is taking people from demand generation through demand fulfillment. So we have multiple clients who will show an ad, a video ad to everyone in the U.S. for example or to a big cohort of people and then they'll follow up with an ad that target on either Instagram or Facebook to people who engage with that first that then they can follow up with the next team and we are seeing as businesses are increasingly measuring your ad spend in terms of their real ROI for sales that even within our own platforms. We can move people down that marketing funnel from demand generation to demand fulfillment.
Sheryl Sandberg: So to take the first question, the EU, the strength in Europe was driven by SMBs. We grew across the board with large companies too, but SMBs were really important for this. There are 18 million small businesses on Facebook in Europe, and I had a chance to meet a lot of them on my trip. But to mention just one which shows the point, a couple named Linda and Marius started a company called iELM. They’re a kids clothing retailer. They started in Sweden on Facebook. She was selling clothes in her living room and selling them. Facebook is driving about half their sales. They then opened a factory in Romania and moved back to Romania, where they're now employing 100 people and they're shipping across Sweden, Romania, Germany, and Austria. There's still a small business at 100 people, but they are a growing business and showing the power of how our work with SMBs is growing jobs. You're asking also for an example of a demand generation going all the way down to demand fulfillment. Here's another one from Europe. Gymshark is a fitness clothing brand based in the UK. They ran Facebook video ads and Instagram Story ads for their Black Friday Campaign and then they target with a look a like people who had previously purchased and custom audiences that people who started, but then complete the purchase. And they saw 9.3 times return of investment over the two week holiday period. What happens on our platform is often that people will start out during demand generation and then use the repeat opportunity to show people ads, moving down the funnel to demand fulfillment. If you use our targeting tools well, you can actually start out with demand fulfillment. So some of these examples I've shared on this call from holiday end to Gymshark are about people using the targeting tools to find the people who are interested in the products and then you can get closer and down the funnel to demand fulfillment.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the business side, I think we have both pleased with the results. We see a very big opportunity in front of us. We have 6 million advertisers on Facebook, which means we have a lot of opportunity on Instagram, where we only have 2 million advertisers to grow their engagement with us and their spend.
Sheryl Sandberg: On this sports answer, sports is one of the ways that people get together on Facebook and build community. We're excited to bring the UEFA Champions League Soccer and College Basketball to Facebook, and we're going to continue to experiment with developing many different forms of content for Facebook.
Sheryl Sandberg: On marketplace, we're just going to continue to iterate on the ad test. We're pretty encouraged by what we've seen even though it's pretty early days. What we're excited about is that our business is helping people connect with things they want to buy. It's also important to note that commerce is a really important vertical in our ad business. So it's not just the commerce is being driven in ads in marketplace. But in a much bigger way, commerce discovering product all the way, through to sales is a big part of what's driving our ads business. On Ad Breaks for mid-roll video, early days pretty good result, more than 70% of Ad Break up to 15 seconds in length on Facebook and Audience Network are being viewed to completion. Most are being viewed with the sound on. But again it's very early for this.
Sheryl Sandberg: Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can take the first point about meaningful social interaction. So the product directive that I've given to all of our teams is to shift from focusing on showing the most meaningful content to people to instead to now encouraging the most meaningful social interaction. So that will first take hold as the series of News Feed changes, but over time there are going to be new products that we build new interfaces that the team is designed with the goal of encouraging interactions between people. So the thing that we're going to be measuring is basically the number of interactions that people have on the platform and off because of what they're seeing that they report to us is as meaningful. One interesting thing that I think is worth being clear about in terms of how we develop News Feed. I think that there's this myth that we design News Feed in order to just optimize for time or for likes or comments or some signals like that. The reality is the way we've done this for years is we've had a panel, a survey of thousands of people who basically we asked what the most meaningful content is that they had seen on the platform or that they've seen off the platform and we design our systems in order to be able to get to that ground truth of what people – real people are telling us is that high quality experience. So now we're going to shift that that methodology a little bit to instead of just being focused on the content, now to be more focused on trying to measure and have people tell us what is creating the most meaningful interaction in their lives. We're not just on Facebook. It could be a message that you have on Messenger or Whatsapp. But it could also be that you see something on Facebook and have a conversation about that in the world with someone who's meaningful to you and the next to me that we need to understand that. But that's basically what where we're going to be moving all of these systems towards over the next period of time. And its not just can be one News Feed change that happens overnight. It will be a series of rollouts and then a number of product changes that go to the interface of the products and things that we launch within that as well.
Mark Zuckerberg: And for Watch, it's early, there are some promising signs, but in terms of how we think about this overall compared to News Feed. I would say it's really important to internalize that the News Feed video ecosystem and the Watch video ecosystem are almost completely separate things, right. So the Watch behaviors that we're building is one where people come intentionally to watch specific videos and to interact with the community around that. That's in contrast to what we worry is too passive consumption of an experience in News Feed today where people just happen to often see a video and maybe they'll watch it for a few minutes, but may not interactive around as much in News Feed. So we're still very optimistic long-term that Watch will be used for video that helps to bring people closer together and that will correlate with all the things that our community is telling us they want and that correlate with the measures of wellbeing that we think that social products can generate by helping people build relationships in terms of all the long-term measures of wellbeing that we care about like long-term happiness and health et cetera.
Mark Zuckerberg: The value that we care about here is helping to build common ground. Right and helping to do our part to fight off news and polarization. So what we're doing. With this specific change which is one of a number of News Feed changes that are geared at improving the quality and trustworthiness of news on Facebook. What we basically ask people we don't want to assess by ourselves which sources are trustworthy. I think that's not a situation that our position that we're comfortable with ourselves. And I don't think personally that that's something that our community or our society wants us to do. So for all of the feedbacks that we get that we should take more of a view on that, I actually – I don't believe that that is the right thing broadly. What we try to do is get our community to tell us what matters to them, because we believe that we can get an accurate signal from the community then – people are smart. They know what they want and what's good and they can tell us that, if we can ask them in a simple enough way and get aggregate data. So what we're doing here is we basically are just asking people, if they're familiar with news sources and whether they trust them. And the effect of that is that it basically normalizes for – there are going to be people who read a given news source, who will probably trust it because they read it. But the question is that the people who don't read it, who are still familiar with it, do they think it's trustworthy, and that's the example that I gave before the Wall Street Journal or New York Times. A lot of people read those, a lot of people don't, but the people who don't still think that they're high quality journalism in general. And that's not true for a lot of the other stuff that's out there. And we've found that that's the reliable signal of content that helps to build common ground that is unlikely to be polarizing, that is unlikely to be false news, and what we're doing is helping to show that a little bit more. Again, we're not going to tell you that you can't share other stuff, right. You can share it on the platform. People can go to your profile. But in News Feed, we're going to just show that a little bit more to do what we view as our role is helping to build common ground, encounter some of these other forces in the world.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. I can talk about AI. So machine learning is – the improvement there are by far the largest technological trends that we're seeing in the industry and across the business. And we really see it in three ways, right. The first and most tactical or just the optimization to everything that you see, right, from ranking in News Feeds, your ranking of ads or search, or improving our security systems, and that's driving a lot of the business and the quality improvement that we're seeing and that's really important. The second category, I would call qualitative changes and how we do business. So for example, for News Feed, historically all the content that's been a News Feed has been content that you're connected to, right. You become friends with someone or you follow a page and then their content can show up a News Feed, but long-term or not even long-term, right. Over the next several years as we develop an understanding of all of the content on Facebook that won’t be a constraint anymore. At some point, we're going to be able to just understand the meaning of all the content that hosted that you could potentially see and use that as candidates to potentially improve your experience and make it that you could see way more content that you might be able to today to – and of course, we'll do that to help encourage more social interaction. The way that this is improving the work that we're doing around security and integrity is also very fundamental. Today, that whole model is that people can post what they want and then a person can flag it, and then our systems will look at it. But increasingly as we move into the future, we're going to be able to proactively take down some negative content. I gave the example of the terrorism-related content and some things around suicidal post where if someone posts something that they're thinking about suicide. Now today, we don't have to wait for someone to report it a lot of the time. In the last few months, there have already been more than 100 instances where we've been able to reach out and get in touch with first responders that they can give you people the help that they need, and that's a big structural change in the way that we do business in terms of protecting the security and integrity of our community. The third major category is going to be completely new products and platforms. So there we talked about all the things that we're building around VR and AR and the ability to be present with anyone, anywhere. And certainly AI is going to be a big part of that both on the vision side and the voice side. And there are going to need to be big advances there, but that's really exciting. But I think in each of those three categories, the optimization, the upgrading how we do business, and really changing how that works in our products today, and then the new products. I would say that improvements in machine learning are the most important technological trends in the industry now by far.
Mark Zuckerberg: So in Q4, we made a number of quality changes that were largely around video. We are going to continue to make quality changes now going forward around meaningful social interaction. And I do think that that is likely going to continue this trend of decreasing passive consumption, but if we do our jobs well, it should increase the number of meaningful interactions that people have. And we think that that's going to be positive, right. So we think it'll help make the community stronger over the long-term. I mean we think it'll be good for the business over the long-term, but this is what people are telling us is what they want on the product. It's the unique value that people expect from Facebook. You can go to a lot of places to consume content, but there aren't a lot of services where you can strengthen your relationships, that's what people want, so that's the right thing for us to focus on, and it also lines up with all the well being research that we've done which – and as you know, there have been a lot of debate over the last year about the utility of social media on the Internet, and we take this very seriously, right. It's our responsibility, too, to make sure that we understand everything that's going on on our platform. And one of the big takeaways from that is that time when people are engaging and building relationships, is good time and that correlates with all the aspect of long-term well being that you'd expect like happiness, and health, and feeling more connected and feeling less alone, and in all of the things that qualitatively matter in our lives. And we think that we can help drive that and improve people's lives by doing that, so we're absolutely going to go do that. End of Q&A
