Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So, I think the main thing that I'll say on this for now is, tune into Connect coming up in September, we're going to have a lot more to talk about on the road-map and products that we're launching. We wanted to get the Llama 2 model out now. That's going to be -- that's going to underpin a lot of the new things that we're building and now we're nailing down a bunch of these additional products and this is going to be stuff that we're working on for years, but I think a lot of the journey will kind of start later this year when we start rolling out some of these things. But overall, I think there are three basic categories of our products or technologies that we're planning on building with generative AI. One, our -- around different kinds of agents, which I'll talk about in a second. Two, were just kind of generative AI-powered features. So some of the canonical examples of that are things like in advertising, helping advertisers basically run ads without needing to supply as much creative or, let's say, if they have an image, but it doesn't fit the format, be able to fill-in the image for them. So I talked about that a little bit upfront in my comments, but there's stuff like that across every app. And then the third category of things, I'd say we're broadly focused on productivity and efficiency internally. It's everything from helping engineers write code faster to helping people internally understand the overall knowledge base at the company and things like that. So there's a lot to do on each of those zones. For AI agent specifically, I guess what I'd say is one of the things that's different about how we think about this compared to some others in the industry is, we don't think that there's going to be one single AI that people interact with, just because there are all these different entities on a day-to-day basis that people come across, whether they're different creators or different businesses or different apps or things that you use. So, I think there are going to be a handful of things that are just sort of focused on helping people connect around expression and creativity and facilitating connections. I think there are going to be a handful of experiences around helping people connect with the creators who they care about and helping creators foster their communities. And then the one that I think is going to have the fastest direct business loop is going to be around helping people interact with businesses. I mean, you can imagine a world on this where over time every business has an AI agent that basically people can message and interact with them. And it's going to take some time to get there, right. I mean, this is going be a long road to build that out. But I think that's going to improve a lot of the interactions that people have with businesses as well as if that does work, it should alleviate one of the biggest issues that we're currently having around messaging monetization is that in order to -- for a person to interact with the business, it's quite human labor intensive for a person to be on the other side of that interaction, which is one of the reasons why we've seen this take-off in some countries where the cost of labor is relatively low. But you can imagine in a world where every business has an AI agent that we can see the kind of success that we're seeing in Thailand or Vietnam with business messaging could kind of spread everywhere and I think that's quite exciting. But overall, I think, we're going to follow a playbook that's similar to what we normally do on products. In terms of how quickly some of these new products scale, that's one of the big unknowns for the business and one of the things that we're debating heavily when thinking through the amount of AI CapEx to bring online. Because the reality is, we just don't know how quickly these will scale and we want to have the capacity in place in case they scale very quickly, but because they're kind of brand new things and there aren't that many precedents for things like this, it's actually quite hard to forecast. So I don't know Susan, if there's anything on that last point that you want to jump-in on. But I think that's probably all I'll say on this for now. But I'm really excited about the segment. This is just going to be -- it fits into all the different products that we're building really well. I think this is going to both complement and touch and transform every single thing that we're doing and I'm really excited for it, so tune in to Connect.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I can start with the first and then Susan can take the second. I actually think our priorities have been pretty consistent for a few years now. I think the way that people hear that might be different. But, for example, last year, I think we were getting quite a bit of critique for the volume of AI CapEx spending that we were doing and now, obviously, people want to understand where that's going and where we think that trajectory is going and want to make it as efficient as possible. But I think at this point, it's more well-understood that that -- I think that was a good investment and it's driving results in the near term and enabling us to build some of the new experiences that I think we all think are pretty fundamental. I don't think Reels is new, although maybe even Threads when you said that. Threads, I would say, it's not that -- Thread is like -- it's not a massive project. It was -- I thought for a while that the opportunity around public conversations and kind of a text-based product was bigger than what had been executed yet in the markets, so we had a relatively small team work on that. And this year, I think there have been two things that have been -- that have just vastly exceeded my expectations, one was Llama. The initial model we thought it was interesting, but the scale of adoption, even just for the research version really spurred us to go do Llama 2 and that was vastly more than we expected. And the second is, Threads has been dramatically more than we expected in terms of the adoption and the rate of that. We thought this was going to be kind of a project that we just -- we had a small team working on for a while, but it really kind of blew up and created a big opportunity immediately. But no, I mean, I think over-time you should expect that we're going to focus on AI and the Metaverse. AI includes both all of the ranking and recommendation systems that power the core apps, so all the content that you're seeing in Facebook and Instagram, all the ads content that you're seeing, it also underpins all the safety systems that we build and increasingly it's all the generative AI stuff. So, all the agents, all the generative features that we're going to be rolling out and a lot of the other work that's going under license, the efficiency stuff that we're doing internally. And then the Metaverse stuff I think we've talked about for a while. So I don't think there's much change there except that it's sort of signals that we're getting from the market are it certainly not getting adopted a lot faster than we expected. That's sort of the somewhat sobering signal, but on the other side, I think a lot of companies that otherwise are doing, we respect and do great work. We don't necessarily view is building things that are ahead of where we are, which gives us confidence that we think the long-term thesis still will hold there. We think that we're going to be the leaders in it and nothing that we're seeing from the market makes us rethink that in a fundamental way. So, I think we're going to continue focusing on AI in the Metaverse as the two big thrust of what we're doing and all the other things kind of fall out of that.
Mark Zuckerberg: Well, I think it's both overtime. The primary way that I think about this is that, we've been able to show that we can I think been quite successful at building large scale social experiences within the constraints of platforms that often our competitors are defining. I think we're going to be able to do even better work and there is a lot of things that I would like to see us build that we just can't because we're -- the ways that we're constrained by the competitors who build these platforms. And over-time, the main way that I think about this just from a product admission perspective is, we're here to build awesome experiences that help people connect. I think helping to shape the next platform is going to unlock that in a profound way for decades to come. And that's what I'm here to do and I think what a lot of people are here to do. So that's kind of the first principles as part of this. From a business perspective, I think there is going to end up being a large business component of this that is Reality Labs specific, directly the products that we're building there and having that be a good business. But I also think that a lot of this is going to be that it unlocks a lot of value for the other experiences, the current apps that we have, when you think of as the Family of Apps where we -- currently just a lot of the potential value, whether it's just engagement that could be created, features that we would love to build that we're not allowed to because Apple or others just don't allow us to build those things. And I think that that's really unfortunate for the industry. I think that there's a lot of lost engagement that would have happened, a lot of the monetization value that gets created. I mean, just look at what happened with our tracking transparency, the massive value destruction for small businesses because of the rules that were set by another platform. And that's not -- that's not -- in a future version of the world, it's not -- that would be recognized not by device sales or some new like experience that we're building in Reality Labs. You'd basically see that accrue through more efficient monetization of the apps and experiences that we're building in other places. So, I think it's going to be both. But I think this is just a very fundamental thing, this is a very long-term bet. I at a deep level, I understand the discomfort that a lot of investors have with it because it's just outside of the model of, I think, even most long-term investors, how you would think about this. And look, I mean I can’t guarantee you that I'm going to be right about this bet. I do think that this is the direction that the world is going in. There are 1 billion or 2 billion people who have glasses today. I think in the future they're all going to be smart glasses. And like -- and the time that we spend on TVs and computers, I think that's going to get more immersive and looks something more like VR in the future. And I think that what we're seeing is richer ways for people to communicate across even the mobile apps that we have going from text, to photos to videos just continual trend towards being more immersive. So, like all of these trends line-up to make me think that this is the right thing, I think, we're going to be happy that we did this. So that's kind of how I think about it, both from kind of a mission and product perspective, a business perspective and investment timeframe perspective. But I also understand the discomfort that some folks have with something that I can't put exact numbers on a near-term time horizon around.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, on Threads, it's maybe too early to do this kind of analysis. I mean, I'm -- on the one-hand, we've tried a bunch of standalone experiences over-time. And in general, we haven't had a lot of success with building kind of standalone apps. The biggest exception to that of course is Messenger, but that started-off its functionality inside Facebook and was spun out. So pardon me wonders if this is just a kind of classic venture capital portfolio question where you try a bunch of things and a bunch of them don't work. And then every once in a while, one hits and is a much bigger success. It could be that or it could just be that this is such an idiosyncratic case because of all the factors that are happening around Twitter or X, I guess, it's called now. So it's hard to say. I mean, but I think when something works or doesn't you can often point to the reason why you did or didn't and there I think is an interesting intellectual question of whether you could have known that our priority, but that was actually going to be the case. But -- so I'm not sure, but also rather than trying to kind of analyze that, I'd say we have a lot of work to do to really make Threats to reach its full potential, that's not a foregone conclusion yet, even though I think we're off to a great start and I'm optimistic that over-time this could be a fifth-grade app in the Family of Apps, but we've a lot of -- we've lot of basic work to do. And we have a basic playbook here, which is build an experience, it's got to be something that people like, [indiscernible] product market fit. Once you get that, it's not always retentive, so a lot of people might like an experience, but you need to kind of tune it, that way the numbers works that people who use it are continuing. We feel like we're getting to a good place on that with Threads. There's still lot of basic functionality to build. Once we feel like we're in a very good place on that, then I'm highly confident that we're going to able to pour enough gasoline on this to help it grow once we get to the point where we feel good that everyone who is using it and going to continue using it at a high-rate. And then few years, once we get to the point where it's at hundreds of millions of people, if assuming we can get there, then we'll worry about monetization. But, I mean, that's basically the playbook that I'm -- that we're focused on. And so, rather than thinking about right now, like what does this mean for other things like it that we can build. I'd say we're really just focused on taking this opportunity, which is an awesome one that we didn't expect to this -- the scale and making sure we make the most of this and execute it. But I do think it has been sort of these weird anomalies thing in the tech industry that there hasn't been an app for public discussions like this that has reached to billion people. When I look at all the different social experiences, it just seems like there should be one like this. I think there were a lot of reasons that you can point to why that might have not been the case historically, but it's awesome that we get a chance to work on this and I'm really optimistic about where we are. But it's going to be a long road ahead.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I can speak briefly to the first one. I do think that there will continue to be both open and closed AI models. And there were a bunch of reasons for this. There obviously a lot of companies that their business model is to build a model and then sell access to it. So for them, making it open would undermine their business model. That is not our business model, we want to have to -- we view the model that we're building, sort of the foundation for building products. So by sharing it we can improve the quality of the model and improve the quality of the team that we have that is working on that. That’s a win for our business of basically building better products. So, I think you'll see both of those models. There are also some important safety questions that, I think, we will need to continue thinking about over-time. There are a number of people who are out there saying that once the AI models get past a certain level of capability it can become dangerous for them to become just in the hands of everyone openly. I think what I think is pretty clear that, we're not at that point today. I think that there is consensus generally among people who are working on this in the industry and policy folks that were not at that point today and it's not exactly clear at what point you reach that. So I think there are people who were kind of making that argument in good faith, who are actually concerned about the safety risks. So I think that there are probably some businesses that are out there making that argument, because they want it to be more close, because that's their business, so I think we need to be wary of that. But I think for both of those reasons, the business reasons and the safety reasons. I think there will be continued to be a mix of opened and closed models, and it's not just going to be like one thing is whatever end-users. I think different businesses will use different things for different reasons. And by open sourcing Llama now we're not -- on the second question around safety. We intentionally did not go out there and say we're going to open-source every single thing in the future, because we do want to have the space to be able to look at how the safety landscape evolves and if we think that we do cross some kind of critical threshold in the future and may not be the right thing to open-source it in the future, but for our business model, at least, since we're not selling access to the stuff, it's a lot easier for us to share this with the community because it just makes our products better and other people's and that I think it's a really healthy dynamic for the industry.
Susan Li: Sure, let me just add a couple of things. Very quickly on the first question, I just want to clarify that we don't expect that Llama is going to result in a separate topline enterprise revenue lines, so just making sure we're totally clear. On the second question about the growth in Reality Labs operating losses in 2024. Mark alluded to the fact that this is an ambitious long-term horizon multifaceted roadmap. There are lots of components to the Reality Labs portfolio across VR, AR, Metaverse, social platforms, neural interfaces. And we really have a long-term time horizon for evaluating the return on our investments here. So in the near-term, we're focused on growing adoption of the existing products and we're constantly learning more about demand and use cases that inform our future plans. But lot of the investment that's driving the growth here is around conducting the fundamental R&D to solve hard technology problems that are going to enable our vision here. A lot of is around clearing technical hurdles that will make subsequent devices smaller, cost less, weigh less, et cetera. So that's really on the Reality Labs side. Again, as we said, we expect operating losses to increase meaningfully year-over-year in 2024. In 2024 specifically, I think that will be driven by a combination of both headcount-related and operating costs. But again, our ambitions in Reality Labs haven't changed and it continues to be a significant long-term opportunity for us.
Susan Li: And Mark I will take the second question that you asked around the Q2 revenue acceleration. So, I think there were couple of parts. One was around the acceleration in the core ads business, the second was on the Advantage+ products. In terms of the Q2 revenue acceleration, I'd highlight there are few factors driving that. The first is, frankly we're lapping a weaker demand period, including the first full quarter of the war in Ukraine and the suspension of our services in Russia. Second, we saw increased supply and improvements to add performance including improved Reels monetization as we continue to work down the Reels revenue headwind. And third, there were lower FX headwinds for us in this quarter. So those were all three things that helps drive the revenue acceleration in Q2. In terms of the question about Advantage+ specifically, Advantage+ is one of multiple AI-powered ad products that we have right now in the market. With Advantage+ specifically, we're seeing strong adoption, in particular, success with the e-commerce and retail verticals and then we've seen good traction with other verticals like CPG, especially DTC brands and we're continuing to launch features to unlock use cases for advertisers and make it easier for them to adopt Advantage+ campaigns and measure their performance gains. So we've got a lot in the pipeline there that we're excited about. For both the Advantage+ shopping campaigns, specifically which were our first sort of foray into this area, but then the Advantage+ portfolio more broadly that basically enables us to take that same playbook of helping advertisers iterate and test very quickly and imply it to many different steps of the end-to-end ad-buying experience. So the feedback and results that we've seen from advertisers is good and we think it's a really promising area that we're continuing to invest in, but it's one of many ways that we're using AI to continue to sort of help make our ads systems and recommendations and ranking engines, more performance to deliver better measurement and results to advertisers.
Susan Li: And Doug, on your second question about our 2023 CapEx forecast and the impact on 2024. So I'll start with 2023. The reduced forecast that we gave for 2023, I mentioned on the call, is driven both by some cost savings, particularly on non-AI servers where we previously had some underutilized capacity and we've been identifying ways to be more efficient in the way that we allocate that capacity towards all of our various needs, as well as shifts in CapEx in 2024 that's coming from delays in data center projects and server deliveries and that'll just push that associated CapEx, which we were planning for in 2023 into 2024. We're still working on our 2024 CapEx plans. We haven't yet finalized that and we'll be working on that through the course of this year. But I mentioned that we expect that CapEx in 2024 will be higher than in 2023. We expect both data center spend to grow in 2024 as we ramp-up construction on sites with the new data center architecture that we announced late last year. And then we certainly also expect to invest more in servers in 2024 for both AI workloads to support all of the AI work that we've talked about across the core AI ranking recommendation work along with the next gen AI efforts. And then, of course, also our non-AI workloads as we refresh some of our servers and add capacity just to support continued growth across the site.
Susan Li: And thank you, Youssef. For your second question, which I will take. You asked about our Q3 revenue outlook and maybe also what that implies looking forward into Q4. So, on the further acceleration that we've guided to in Q3. First of all, I'd just point out that Q3 2022 revenue declined 4.5% year-over-year. So we're really lapping a much weaker demand period a year-ago. And we've certainly seen demand this year stabilize. And so, it's really a much easier compare. We also are expecting that currency is going to flip to a three point tailwind from a one point headwind last quarter. And finally, as I've mentioned earlier on this call, we've been investing for a long time and I think executing really well across our core monetization work and continuing to grow engagement. And I think we're going to benefit from all of the investments that we've made in those historical and key priorities for us. In terms of what this means for Q4. We're not sharing a Q4 revenue outlook yet, there are obviously some tailwinds to year-over-year growth in Q4, again, the same point about a weaker compare applies and at current rates FX would be a larger tailwind in Q4 than we're expecting it to be in Q3. But we've had sizable fluctuations in advertiser demand over the last year. It's been a pretty volatile period. So, while we're seeing strong advertiser demand now and that's certainly informing our outlook, it's harder to predict as we look further forward. And there are a wide range of possible outcomes in Q4.
Susan Li: Yes. Thank you, Brad. I can go-ahead and take that one. So our growth in AI investments is really the thing that is driving the growth in our 2024 CapEx outlook. And I think there are a couple of components to that. There is both the core AI work, which powers our ranking and recommendation systems, which underpins both a lot of our content ranking and engagement growth, as well as the monetization work and that's an area where we're able to measure the ROI of our investments there, and we feel-good about the ROI of those investments and we want to continue investing appropriately to drive revenue growth. At the same time, being mindful of our desire to over the long-term decreased capital intensity. There is also another component, which is the next-generation AI efforts that we've talked about around advanced research and Gen AI and that's a place where we're already standing of training clusters and inference capacity, but we don't know exactly what will need in 2024 since we don't have any at-scale deployments yet of consumer business facing features and the scale of the adoption of those products is ultimately going to inform how much capacity we need. We think these are both going to be compelling investment opportunities and some of the AI capacity is fungible. So if we don't need end-up needing some of the capacity for our Gen AI work will be able to allocate it to our core AI work supporting ads and engagement, but we're really still working on our 2024 plans, we will have a clearer and more quantitative outlook as those planned shape up. But we are mindful of our intention to reduce the capital intensity of these investments over time.
