Mark Zuckerberg: Sure, okay. I can start with the AI models. We have a pretty long history of open sourcing parts of our infrastructure that are not kind of the direct product code. And a lot of the reason why we do this is because it increases adoption and creates a standard around the industry, which often drives forward innovation faster so we benefit, our products benefit, as well as there's more scrutiny on kind of security and safety-related things so we think that there's a benefit there. And sometimes, more companies running models or infrastructure can make it run more efficiently, which helps reduce our costs as well, which is something that we've seen with open compute. So I think there's a good chance that, that happens here over time. And obviously, our CapEx expenses are a big driver of our costs, so any aid in innovating on efficiency is sort of a big thing there. The other piece is just that over time with our AI efforts, we've tried to distinguish ourselves as being a place that does work that will be shared with the industry and that attracts a lot of the best people to come work here. So a lot of people want to go to the place to work where their work is going to touch most people. One way to do that is by building products that billions of people use. But if you're really a focused engineer or researcher in this area, you also want to build the thing that's going to be the standard for the industry. So I know that's pretty exciting and it helps us do leading work. While at the same time, a lot of the secret sauce that goes into our product has specific product logic on top of the model, and we're also able to further train the models with data that we have internally. So I think it's a good balance of improving the quality of what we do and improving the economics around it and improving recruiting while still enabling us to build a leading product.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I could talk about some of the AI launches first. We launched Meta AI, which is sort of an AI assistant that you can ask different questions and get access to real-time information as well as generating images. And we also launched the first version of AI Studio with several initial AI characters that you can interact with. And part of the idea here is that we think that having a basic assistant is really important, but we think that people are going to -- there are going to be lots of different AIs that people interact with. We think ultimately, most creators are going to want one to help grow and engage their community. We think most businesses are going to want one to help support their customers and help drive commerce. So we think that there are going to be a lot of different AIs. In terms of engagement, the first order effect is, I think at scale, I think that this is going to be one of the ways that people use our messaging apps and communicate with, and you're going to talk to people and you'll talk to AIs. What the mix of that is, I think, will kind of shift over time and I don't think anyone can really predict that. But this is a new use case that doesn't take away from people interacting with people. If anything, it should -- we're designing these to make it so that they can help facilitate and encourage interactions between people and make things more fun by making it so you can drop in some of these AIs into group chats and things like that just to make the experiences more engaging. So this should be incremental and create additional engagement. The AIs also have profiles in Instagram and Facebook and can produce content, and over time, going to be able to interact with each other. And I think that's going to be an interesting dynamic and an interesting, almost a new kind of medium and art form. So I think that will be an interesting vector for increasing engagement and entertainment as well. So I'm excited about that. Of course, whenever there's more engagement in the apps, that creates the opportunity for more monetization, so there's that on the monetization side. And then the other big opportunity on monetization, which I talked about upfront is just business messaging. One of the big things that I think is a key unlock for making the business messaging -- for making that business model work around the globe is effectively making it so that businesses in countries where there's a higher cost of labor can have an AI that can respond to messages from people so that way, it's not cost prohibitive for them to engage in that type of interaction with customers. So I think that if we can -- as we are able to roll out the business AIs, I think that, that can really unlock and grow the business -- messaging business in a big way, but we have a lot of work to do to get there. So that's kind of a basic view on how I think this will affect the engagement in business.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yeah, sure. In terms of how big this is going to be, it's hard to predict because I don't think that anyone has built what we're building here. I mean, there's some analogy is like what OpenAI is doing with ChatGPT, but that's pretty different from what we're trying to do. Maybe the Meta AI part of what we're doing overlaps with the type of work that they're doing, but the AI characters piece, there's a consumer part of that, there's a business part, there's a creators part. I'm just not sure that anyone else is doing this. And when we're working on things like Stories and Reels, there were some market precedents before that. Here, there's technology which is extremely exciting. But I think part of what leading in an area and developing a new thing means is you don't quite know how big it's going to be. But what I predict is that I do think that the fundamental technology around Generative AI is going to transform meaningfully how people use each of the different apps that we build. I think for the Feed apps, I think that over time, more of the content that people consume is going to be either generated or edited by AI. Some of it will be creators will now have all these tools to make content more easily and more fun. And I think over time, maybe we'll even get to the point where we can just generate content directly for people based on what they might be interested in. I think that, that could be really compelling. On the messaging side, I think that the way that we're looking at these AIs kind of ties into that directly where you'll be able to message with Meta AI or any of these different AIs for whether it's for fun, you have a question about something, you want to help doing something, you want to play a game or you want to message with a business for commerce or you want to engage with your favorite creator and they wouldn't normally otherwise have time to message you back, but now they have an AI representing them that can. I think that will accrue to kind of to messaging behavior. It's going to change advertising in a big way. It's going to make it so much easier to run ads. Businesses that basically before would have had to create their own creative or images now won't have to do that. They'll be able to test more versions of creative, whether it's images or eventually video or text. That's really exciting, especially when paired with the recommendation AI. On the hardware side, I mean, obviously, the smart glasses that we just rolled out, we sort of thought were a precursor to eventually getting to displays and holograms for augmented reality, and I think we will eventually get there still. It's not that far off. But I think that now the ability to deliver AI through smart glasses may end up being a killer use case for that even before you get to the kind of augmented reality type of use cases. So I think you're basically seeing that there are going to be -- this is a very broad and exciting technology. And frankly, I think that this is partially why working in the technology industry is so awesome, right, is that every once in a while, something comes along like this, that like changes everything and just makes everything a lot better and your ability to just be creative and kind of rethink the things that you're doing to be better for all the people you serve. I mean, I just think that's a lot of what is energizing and fun around building companies like this. But yes, it's hard sitting here now to be able to predict like the metrics are going to be around, like what's the balance of messaging between AIs and people or what the balance and Feeds between AI content and people content or anything like that. But I mean, I'm highly confident that this is going to be a thing and I think it's worth investing in. To the question about efficiency and costs, I think initially, it's most important to focus on getting to product market fit. And we obviously care a lot about efficiency, right? I mean, the CapEx costs for our company are very significant, and it's one of the main things that weighs on the economic model of the company. So on the one hand, as we can improve the efficiency, we're able to do things like train bigger models and serve more people, which currently, right now, we're going to be bottlenecked on based on the amount of infrastructure that we have as this gets to the scales that we aspire to get to. So in the near term, the efficiency wins will primarily just be to deliver better products to more people. But over time, we're going to continue working on that. And I think we've been able to do pretty good work on efficiency on our hardware and compute. And over the long term, once we kind of have more of an understanding about what these products want to be, then we'll be able to drive the economic model based on that. But we'll work on that all throughout, but I think we're still in the pretty early part of that curve.
Susan Li: And Brian, I'll go ahead and take your second question, which is on the operating losses at Reality Labs and whether there's any benefit to Family of Apps from some of that work. So first, I should clarify, the majority of our Reality Labs costs are direct costs in headcount, operating expenses and product costs for the Reality Labs work. The remainder of the Reality Labs total costs are indirect costs such as facilities that get allocated based on our estimate of their benefit to Reality Labs. Now, as you alluded to, Reality Labs is working to build the future of online interactions. And we do expect you'll see some interesting ways that translate into work with the Family of Apps in the near term. For example, with avatars, you've already seen 1 billion avatars created so far. We expect that this will become increasingly important across the Family of Apps. And we're also starting to see how our hardware can help create unique content for Facebook and Instagram today with our Ray-Ban Meta smart glasses making it easier to capture and share to Family of Apps, including live-streaming, and we think that will obviously create more engaging content for the content ecosystem. Longer term, obviously, we think there's a lot of value from operating our Family of Apps experiences on top of a new computing platform that we helped develop, for example, having glasses on that enable you to have our Meta AI assistant with you at all times. And as glasses scale, they'll make it increasingly easy to capture compelling content from a first person point of view while you're staying in the moment or the activity that you're doing and sharing that content should enrich our content ecosystems even further. But again, the operating losses that are occurring within the Reality Labs segment are really driven by the Reality Labs work directly. And we think that over the sort of arc of the years ahead, there will be increasing shared benefits to our Family of Apps experiences.
Susan Li: Thanks, Eric. So your first question, I think, was about regional trends or regional themes in our ad revenue, which as you saw this quarter accelerated across all regions. To give you a little bit of color, in North America, we saw accelerate by 7 points due primarily to strong demand from China advertisers. Note that North America didn't experience the same currency tailwinds that drove acceleration in year-over-year growth for the other regions. In the EU or in our EU region, we saw that accelerate 21 points. There was a broad-based acceleration in the region, including demand from China advertisers and some benefit from currency tailwinds after facing currency headwinds in Q2. Asia Pacific accelerated 9 points. We benefited from stronger demand in Southeast Asian countries, and again, the flip to currency tailwinds versus headwinds in Q2. Rest of World accelerated 20 points. We saw both stronger pricing and the same currency dynamic there. Brazil was a strong contributor to the region's acceleration due in part to increased advertisers' demand from China advertisers targeting users in Brazil. Your second question was around the impact of the new data center architecture on our CapEx investments in the years to come. We are still relatively early on this. We had to pause some of our existing data center construction work to switch over to the new data center architecture that played through in some of our 2023 CapEx dynamics. And going forward, as I think we said when we introduced the concept of this architecture, we expect it to be more cost efficient for us. We expect it will give us greater fungibility in the way that we plan for CPU and GPU capacity. So we expect that we'll be realizing the cost benefits and efficiencies and the planning flexibility that the architecture gives us in the years to come.
Susan Li: Hi, thanks, Mark. I can take both of those. So your first question was around gen AI tools, especially for advertisers and you'll see that we have been increasingly testing these in our AI sandbox. And then as they become more mature, we incorporate them into our ads manager directly. We've incorporated them into some of our Advantage+ solutions. A few that I would highlight that we're rolling out this quarter are text variations, so generating multiple versions of ad text based on an advertiser's original copy that helps highlight the selling points of their products and services, giving them multiple text options to better reach their audience. Another one is image expansion, which helps adjust creative assets to fit different aspect ratios across multiple services like Feed or Reels. That allows advertisers to spend less time themselves trying to repurpose their creative assets in these different formats. Another one is background generation, creating multiple backgrounds to complement the advertisers' product images, allowing advertisers to tailor their creative assets for different audiences. And we're making this available actually through Advantage+ catalog ads. And so we really feel like we've introduced quite a lot of new ads products and features. You asked about the gen AI one specifically. So those are the ones I highlighted. We've actually introduced a number of others that are related to other dimensions of the ad creation experience that we expect will help improve our advertising performance, will help advertisers drive sales, especially over the holidays and especially in the Advantage+ shopping suite. So we're very excited about all of those upcoming launches, and we think that the early advertiser feedback has been very positive. Your second question was on looking ahead in Q4 and the impact of some of the geopolitical activity that we've seen around the world and how that might be affecting our business. So first, I think I should start by saying that our thoughts are with everyone who has been impacted by the horrific violence in the Middle East, and we know that our services can be a vital tool for information and connection and expression at a moment like this. And we're continuing to monitor the situation and are doing everything we can to keep people safe and to keep our services secure. Now in terms of how this translates into impact on the Q4 business, first of all, I should say that coming into Q4, we've been seeing continued strong advertiser demand in key segments, including online commerce and gaming. But having said that, we are also seeing more volatility at the start of the quarter. That's in part why we widened our guidance range to capture that uncertainty. And so for instance, while we don't have material direct revenue exposure to Israel and the Middle East, we have observed softer ad spend in the beginning of the fourth quarter, correlating with the start of the conflict, which is captured in our Q4 revenue outlook. It's hard for us to attribute demand softness directly to any specific geopolitical event. Historically, we have seen broader demand softness follow other regional conflicts in the past such as in the Ukraine war. So this is something that we're continuing to monitor. We've reflected the latest trends and advertiser reaction that we've seen into our Q4 outlook, which again, we think, reflects the greater uncertainty and volatility in the landscape ahead. I want to add here, too, that we are pleased with the fundamentals of the business and with our execution. We've seen promising engagement trends. We're continuing to drive ad performance improvements. We're executing well on our company priorities. So we'll continue to stay focused in those areas, and we'll also remain disciplined with our investment approach as we navigate a volatile environment.
Susan Li: I'm happy to take the second question. Thanks, Doug. We obviously have not shared a 2024 revenue outlook yet. You asked about what are some of the significant puts and takes, and I'd maybe point back to what I said earlier about the Q4 outlook just to highlight what a volatile macro environment we believe we're in. I think that will obviously have a big impact on the advertising market next year, and it's something we'll be keeping a very close eye on. But ultimately, we're very subject to volatility in the macro landscape. Certainly, our own ads performance is an area where we have invested a lot, and we've seen a lot of increased value that we've been driving for marketers. We've been increasing the conversions we deliver, higher -- and offering higher return on their ad spend so we think that will be an important factor. We're continuing to enroll a lot of new features, both gen AI and not in our ads tool, and we're continuing to improve the ranking and delivery models that underlie our ads infrastructure. We'll also be obviously lapping stronger periods, especially in -- as you saw with this quarter's results. So all of those factors, I think, will play into the 2024 revenue outlook. You also asked about the kind of the expense philosophy next year, whether expense growth will be tied to revenue growth. Obviously, the revenue outlook is uncertain. We talked a little bit about the -- what's going into the preliminary expense guide for 2024. The big components there are around infrastructure expenses. We do expect, given the increased capital investments that we have made in recent years, that depreciation expenses in 2024 will increase by a larger amount than in 2023. And we expect to incur higher operating costs from running a larger infrastructure footprint. The second big driver is on payroll. We anticipate payroll growth driven by the spillover of hiring that we had intended for 2023 into 2024. And we do expect that Family of Apps will be a larger source of payroll expense growth than Reality Labs in 2024. Additionally, hiring will generally be concentrated in technical roles, which will continue to shift our workforce composition towards a higher cost basis. And of course, the final piece being Reality Labs operating losses, which we expect to increase in 2024 across both the expense growth from higher payroll costs as well as higher non-headcount cost to support the development of our next-gen VR and AR products. How the expense and revenue outlook come together? Obviously, that's -- as we get more information on the revenue outlook for next year, that will influence that. Ultimately, we have talked about the framework that we introduced in the past. We recognize that we have very ambitious investments on the horizon, including over a long-time horizon with our Reality Labs work and newer, equally ambitious investments we've added in the gen AI road map more recently. And we recognize that we have to earn the ability to invest in all of those things by delivering consolidated operating income growth over time. So that's something we're very much focused on.
Susan Li: Hi, Justin. Thank you for the question. I think there are multiple parts there and I will do my best to address all of them, but of course, let me know if I miss anything. So the first question was sort of around operating in Europe, in particular, the legal basis for ads. So as we announced in August, we intend to evolve our legal basis for processing personal data for ads to a consent model in the EU, the EEA in Switzerland, given the recent regulatory developments in those regions. We don't have any further details to share on the exact implementation at this time. We're continuing to engage with the DPC and other regulatory authorities on our proposed consent model, but we're committed to making this move as soon as possible, and we will provide an update when we have it. The second question you asked was about Meta Verified. So we're still, I think, quite early here but we've rolled out Meta Verified for creators to most markets globally. We continue to hear positive feedback from creators as we've helped them more easily establish their presence on Facebook and Instagram. We also have recently begun testing Meta Verified for businesses on Facebook and Instagram in select countries, and we have plans to expand that to businesses on WhatsApp in the future. And this will allow businesses to more easily stand out on our apps and build confidence with their customers and let their customers know that they're chatting with the right business. So we're encouraged by the early signs that we're seeing there, but again, very early and not a lot more to share right now. The third part of your question was around Chinese advertisers. So spend from Chinese advertisers further accelerated for us in Q3. We have benefited from strong investments from a few of our larger clients. We've also seen generally broader-based strength from other China advertisers, and we believe factors such as lower shipping costs and easing regulations on the gaming industry have served as tailwinds here. But I think there has been a broader story of improved growth across all advertiser regions in Q3, and even excluding China advertisers, revenue growth has accelerated nicely. And you kind of alluded to whether there's -- the sustainability of the China advertising revenue. And even though we've seen particularly strong growth this year, I would say that there has been a longer-term trend of overall growth with this segment dating back to past years and also periods of volatility in the past, like in the last two years, we've seen periods with higher shipping costs with lockdowns, with regulation weighing on demand. So we recognize there's the potential for volatility in the future as well and especially given that there are so many macro factors at play that are quite hard to predict. Operator Your next question comes from the line of Youssef Squali with Truist.
Susan Li: Sure. So the first part of your question was early sort of signals with Quest 3. We are not sharing any explicit expectations for Quest 3, either Q4 Reality Labs revenue, unit sales, et cetera. But we are very excited to have Quest 3 in market, in particular, during the holiday shopping period. We think early reviews have been great. And we're very excited to have a product out there that are going to introduce a lot of people to mixed reality experiences for the first time. So it's very early. I think we don't have very many more specifics. But again, we're quite excited to have it in the market and to have it in particular during the holiday marketing season. Your second question was about political spend. And so this is a place where I would say we saw acceleration of positive year-over-year growth in all verticals this quarter really except politics, which is lapping the lead-up to the 2022 US midterms last year. So I will say though that this is also just a very small vertical for us so there's not too much more to add there.
