David M. Wehner: Thanks, Sheryl, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's start with our community metrics. Daily active users on Facebook reached 1.49 billion, up 9% compared to last year, led by growth in India, Indonesia and the Philippines. This number represents approximately 66% of the 2.27 billion monthly active users in Q3. MAUs were up 199 million or 10% compared to last year. Note that our Q3 2018 community metrics reflect an update to our calculation methodology. This resulted in the removal of the small percentage of accounts or approximately 15 million DAU and 9 million MAU worldwide. This change will modestly impact our year-over-year user growth rates until we lap it next year. Further details are included in the earnings slides on our IR website. Turning now to the financials, all comparisons are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise noted. Q3 revenue was $13.7 billion, up 33% or 34% on a constant currency basis. Had foreign exchange rates remained constant compared to last year, Q3 total revenue would have been $159 million higher. Q3 total ad revenue was $13.5 billion, up 33% or 35% on a constant currency basis. In terms of regional ad growth, Asia Pacific was strongest at 38%, followed by Europe and North America at 34% and 33%, respectively. Rest of world ad growth trailed at 26% due to both currency weakness and economic challenges in Latin America. Mobile ad revenue was $12.5 billion, up 40%, and represented approximately 92% of total ad revenue. In Q3, the average price per ad increased 7% and the number of ad impressions served across our services increased 25%, driven primarily by feed ads on Instagram and Facebook. Our impression growth in Q3 came primarily from product surfaces and geographies that monetize at relatively lower rates. For example, ads in Instagram Stories contributed to our impression growth this quarter, although these ads currently monetize at lower rates compared to feed ads. Payments and other fees revenue was $188 million, up 1%. Turning now to expenses. Total expenses were $7.9 billion, up 53%. We ended Q3 with approximately 33,600 full-time employees. That's up 45%. The majority of our new hires in the past year have been in technical functions. Operating income was $5.8 billion, representing a 42% operating margin. Our Q3 tax rate was 13%. This was lower than we expected because we did not take the one-time charge that we anticipated due to the Ninth Circuit Court withdrawing its decision in the Altera case. Net income was $5.1 billion or $1.76 per share. Capital expenditures were $3.3 billion, driven by investments in data centers, servers, network infrastructure and office facilities. In Q3, we generated $4.2 billion in free cash flow and ended the quarter with approximately $41.2 billion in cash and investments. In the third quarter, we bought back approximately $4.3 billion of our Class A common stock. Turning now to the revenue outlook, in Q4, we expect that our total revenue growth rate will decelerate by a mid to high single-digit percentage compared to our Q3 total revenue growth rate. Several factors are contributing to this deceleration. First, we expect more of our impression growth to continue to come from product services and geographies that monetize at lower rates. Second, we are seeing some impact from data privacy initiatives on pricing growth. And third, as we focus more of our product efforts on the growth of Stories, its more prominent placement on Facebook will displace some ad impression opportunities. Turning now to the expense outlook, we anticipate our full-year 2018 total expenses will grow approximately 50% to 55% versus our prior range of 50% to 60%. We anticipate that full-year 2018 capital expenditures will be approximately $14 billion to $14.5 billion compared to our prior estimate of $15 billion. Turning to tax, at current stock prices, we expect that our Q4 tax rate will be in the mid-teens. As a reminder, fluctuations in our stock price will impact our tax rate. I'd also like to share our initial outlook on 2019 operating expenses and CapEx. As Mark mentioned, we plan to continue to invest aggressively across the business and expect that full-year 2019 total expenses will grow 40% to 50% compared to full-year 2018. We also expect that full-year 2019 capital expenditures will be approximately $18 billion to $20 billion, driven by a continuation of our data center build strategy that seeks to put in place adequate capacity ahead of our needs. We anticipate that our full-year 2019 tax rate will be in the mid-teens. The third quarter marked a period of both solid revenue growth across the globe and heavy investment as we make progress on our mission to bring the world closer together. We are confident in our ability to improve the products that our community loves as well as to provide innovative new experiences in the near and long-term. And with that, Mike, let's open up the call for questions.
David M. Wehner: Hey, Doug. It's Dave. Just on the 2019 expense growth guide, a lot of that is consistent with what we've been talking about as our big investment areas. If you look at just head count growth in the past year, it's up 45%. So that compensation expense base that we're bringing into 2019 is really factoring into the overall growth guidance for the total expense guide, so that's a big factor there. In addition, we've been investing significantly in CapEx, and those investments are starting to flow through the P&L in terms of depreciation. And then I'd point to significant investment areas like AR/VR efforts, the content ecosystem around video, and the ongoing investment in safety and security.
David M. Wehner: Hey, Brian. It's Dave. In terms of what we're seeing as opportunities, I mean, we continue to see good growth opportunities for revenue across both Facebook and Instagram, including both feed and Stories. I think in terms of impression growth, you're going to have more opportunities in Stories, probably more opportunity on Instagram, but good revenue growth opportunities in both places. So that's obviously what we're looking for when we look forward. Beyond that, I don't have much to update on in terms of any more specific revenue outlook.
David M. Wehner: All right. Ross, I'll start off on that. I think the outlook that we're giving for Q4 deceleration is broadly consistent with the outlook that I gave last quarter with the benefit of a little bit more visibility. I'd just reiterate the points that I'd made in the earnings script around what's driving that deceleration. And as far as to how that plays into 2019, we're not providing a specific revenue outlook for 2019. We continue to see good growth opportunities across the platform on both Facebook and Instagram and feed and Stories. Those are going to be the drivers. I would characterize the launch of Status apps on WhatsApp as being a much smaller thing than a driver of 2019 revenue growth, and it's going to be more about Instagram and Facebook. The same factors that I discussed impacting Q4 growth will likely continue to play out to some extent in 2019, but we've got a lot of good growth opportunities for next year.
David M. Wehner: And, Lloyd, on the margin question, as I mentioned, 2019 will be a big investment year. So I would expect us to have the biggest change in our margin structure to happen in 2019 and for it to moderate from there. It's hard to be too prescriptive about 2020 and beyond, but I think the biggest change will be 2019.
David M. Wehner: Yeah. Hey, Brent. It's Dave. I think, I guess, if you're talking about DAU and MAU, Europe is stable on that front in terms of Facebook overall. The accounting methodology change did affect how Europe sequential growth rate came in, but really stable if you kind of take that aside. And we had some impact from GDPR over the last two quarters. So I think, from that perspective, it is broadly stable for Facebook there. European growth rate I think was healthy from a revenue point of view. So I think we're still seeing good growth in Europe on the revenue front, and a lot of the similar dynamics playing out in Europe as in the rest of the world where you see good impression growth opportunity, especially in areas like Instagram and Stories contributing to overall ability to drive revenue growth.
David M. Wehner: And, Mark, this is Dave. I just wanted to add in. I think you asked about line of sight on monetization parity on Stories versus feed. It's obviously hard to say that because they're both dynamic, they're auctions, there's a lot going on. But I would say that at least in the near term, the impression growth opportunity is significant on Stories. Pricing will take time. So as we bring more formats to Stories and bring more advertisers to Stories, we can build up that demand and balance that out with supply. But I think in terms of it converging on feed from any pricing perspective, that's a journey that's going to take years, not quarters. So it's going to take time.
David M. Wehner: Heather, I'll take the first question regarding CapEx. So, yeah, we are investing ahead of user growth, given the long lead time in deploying data centers and network capacity. So we are building some capacity ahead of our immediate needs. So that is playing into it. But we're also making investments to support the core growth of the business. There's a lot of compute that goes behind, things like feed ranking and ads ranking. We think there is good ROI to putting more servers behind things like choosing the right ad for the right impression opportunity that we have. So we are putting more compute behind that. And then, I'd also make the comment that a lot of our growth is coming from markets in Asia, our top growth countries were India, Indonesia and the Philippines. So we're building capacity to serve that Asian peak and those users are at a lower ARPU. So that impacts the overall capital intensity. So we're continuing to invest and we're seeing increased CapEx in 2019, albeit at a much slower growth rate than we had in 2018.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure, so I can take the first part. I think a lot of this is really basic. When I say that we got started slower on Facebook, that starts with literally rolling out on Facebook a number of months after we had rolled out on either WhatsApp or Instagram. And then the initial version of what we shipped I just think wasn't as high-quality as where it needed to be. It wasn't as fast. There were bugs. And we've been working on dialing that in. I'm less worried at this point about it not working because we're starting to see it really take off. Certainly, with different groups of people, it's stronger on Instagram or WhatsApp or Facebook, but across all three at this point, it's growing. And as I said in my opening remarks, I think we're going to be a lot better positioned here in Facebook in the next year.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And to the video questions, the biggest thing that we need to do is make sure that the video experience is people-centric and that we're helping creators build community and we're helping people interact with each other. Our journey with video has been a little bit funny, in that people really want to watch a lot of video. And to a large degree, we've had to limit its growth and we had to do the things so we can stop limiting it. The things that have caused us to limit it are, on the one hand, when we see passive consumption of video displacing social interactions, that's not something that we've wanted because we feel like that's what Facebook is. We build social products that help people interact. There are lots of places in the world that you can go to consume content, but we're the Internet service that people use to help connect with other people and we're not going to let passive consumption get in the way of that. So we needed to figure out a way so that video can grow, but people can also keep on interacting doing what they tell us that they uniquely want from Facebook. And now, I think we're starting to work through what the formula is going to be so we can take some of those rate limits off and let video grow at the rate it wants to. And I think that's a very exciting opportunity ahead, and that's one of the reasons that I'm very optimistic about the Watch growth that we've started to see recently up about 3x in the last few months in the U.S. alone.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. So I mean across the whole family of apps, I mean all of this engagement is growing quickly and we're very happy with how we're enabling people to share. As I said, the vast majority or the majority of the growth that we're seeing in sharing is coming from private messaging and story sharing. So that's kind of the big thing. The basic story that we've seen within the Facebook app is, over the last few years, the amount of time that people were spending in the app was increasing primarily because people were consuming more public content, like passive video consumption and news. But it was coming at the expense of people interacting with each other as much. So interactions were down. And we got a lot of feedback from people saying that's not what they wanted. We don't think that that's what we're uniquely here to do. It's not the mission of the company. So we felt like that was not sustainable. So we've made a lot of shift this year, which I've talked a lot about on a bunch of these calls, to encourage more meaningful social interactions instead. And we have seen that those changes have improved the trajectory of how people are interacting. Now, at the same time that we have intentionally reduced time spent on certain things, like lower-quality viral videos, some news, some passive content, but that's what I was talking about before when I said that now the trend – and you can kind of look at it in developed markets and developing. In developed markets, it is stable and we feel like we're pretty close to saturation in a lot of countries, like the U.S. And in developing countries, where a lot of people are still getting on the Internet, it continues to grow at a fast rate. And we think that there's a lot more connecting in community that people want there. So that's kind of what we're seeing overall. Across the whole family, I would say it's very positive. On Facebook overall, I feel like we have a handle on what the drivers of this are and we're kind of driving it to be what people tell us they want and what we think is going to be sustainable over time. That's the picture that we have.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So on Stories, I don't know if we've given any metrics on time spent or anything on that side. But what I can say is that all of the trends that we've seen suggests that in the not too distant future people will be sharing more into Stories than they will into feeds, and that the whole market across all of the Stories type of products will be bigger in a market where people are sharing more moments from their days into Stories-type products than into feed-type products. And this happened very quickly, right? I mean this whole trend is much newer than the trend with News Feed and feeds overall and it continues to grow incredibly quickly. So we just see that there is a lot of upside there. Now, on the flip side, I try to be very careful in my remarks to be clear that this is one of those situations where the community growth that we're seeing is outpacing the progress that we've made so far on developing the ads in that space. And I think we'll get there over time, where the performance for Stories ads will converge with what we have seen in feed. And I think that the opportunity will be bigger because there will be more in Stories – or more Stories overall than in feed. But I can't tell you just yet what that timeframe is going to look like, but I think we're well-positioned over the long-term because we're leading in Stories in basically every country.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: This is a really important question. I do think that we are up against sophisticated adversaries who will continue to evolve. So there is a large element of this, which is an arms race. And when you're talking about security issues and some of the safety and content issues, these are not problems that we fix. They're problems that you manage over time and try to reduce and prevent issues from coming up, but there's no silver bullet where you do the thing and then you're done. That said, I do think that we were quite behind where we needed to be a couple of years ago. We started a roadmap, which we said was going to be about a three-year roadmap. I think that we have some confidence in that timeframe, which takes us through the end of about 2019, to get our systems to the level that we generally think that they should be at, where we're building AI systems that can flag content that might be problematic to a much larger security and review team that can manage the larger volume of stuff that our tools are flagging to them. We're judging our success by, go through all of the categories of harmful content and behavior, whether it's terrorism, or self-harm, or hate speech, or just any different kind of thing that you'd be worried about. We're judging our success by how proactive can we get, so what percent of the stuff that we're taking down are we identifying before other people identify it for us. We've started issuing transparency reports so we can be held publicly accountable on this. What we see internally is that generally every week and every quarter that goes by, we're getting better and better at this. But I anticipate that it will be about the end of next year when we feel like we're as dialed in as we would generally all like us to be. And even at that point, we're not going to be perfect because more than 2 billion people are communicating on the service. There are going to be things that our systems miss, no matter how well-tuned we are. But I think we're making progress. We've made a lot of progress in the last couple of years on content overall. Elections are a special case, an extremely important special case of the content and safety issues and security issues that we face. But across all of the different types of content issues of people trying to spread hate or incite violence. We are making progress, and I feel good about the progress that we're making. And I think we will continue investing more. But I do think that to some degree the last few years and next year are probably going to be the biggest growth in the investment in the security efforts that we'll see.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: Thanks for the question. We have a very large and growing advertiser base, and that gives us we think a really strong position to get people into new formats. When you do that, a couple of things really matter. One is that the format of an ad really has to match the format of the consumer experience. So the right ad in News Feed is different than the right ad in an Instagram or a Facebook story is different than the right ad in Watch, which would be video-only. And so making these new formats of ads is actually hard for people and expensive. And so we're working hard on tools to make the formats easier, and I talked about one of those examples before. What's nice is that the same targeting, the same measurement systems really work. Because we are looking to show relevant ads to the right person at the right time, the systems we have that understand in a privacy-protected way what ads people are likely to be more interested in, those work, whether you're in Stories or Watch or Instagram Feed or News Feed. And the other thing is that our systems for measuring the effectiveness of ads, which help advertisers get all the way through to their ROI, which help them bid in our system, also work. And so we take the advertiser base, we take the systems we have for targeting and measuring ads, and then we help advertisers move to the new format. And I think that's the process we're on.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: When you look at the Instagram Shopping experience, we're seeing some really nice growth. We have 90 million people tap to reveal product tags and posts every month to learn more about them, and we're putting real investments behind this. In Q3, we rolled out Shopping in Stories globally and began testing the Shopping Channel in Explore. And so, we think the opportunities are big. As you think about commercial intent in Facebook versus Instagram, there's so much activity on both. We think there's a lot of opportunity for people to have commercial intent, if not have it when they start, but develop it because they see things they're interested in, in both. Instagram can be more interest-based in some places than Facebook. So there are places in Instagram like Fashion or like Shopping that have very high signal, and that gives us I think a very strong opportunity there.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: I can take those. When you think about the transition or people using feed versus Stories, there are a couple of things that are different. One is just the format. And again, we have a lot of experience at this. People had display ads or search ads before they really did Facebook ads, if you look back a decade. And teaching people here is what a Facebook ad looks like was a new format people had to understand. Then, as we moved into more photos with Instagram, more videos, a video ad on Facebook or Instagram is a very different thing if they perform well. They need to be natively social than a video ad that runs on TV. So Stories is a new format. It has multiple pictures, multiple screens, words and phrases intermixed in a different way. And so again, that's a new muscle for advertisers. I think we're getting people up the curve well this time. We've learned that we can't just rely on teaching our clients and teaching the ad agencies to do it, but helping them do that. And so some of the tools we've rolled out that I talked about where we can take your Facebook pictures and your posts and make it a story, that makes that process faster. I think when you think about the long-term monetization opportunities, it's really going to depend upon the time people spend. The amount of ads we would feel comfortable inserting into a consumer experience really depends upon how many different things you go through. So if you spend more time in Stories, they'll be need to be more engaging because there will be fewer ads in there. Now that may be possible because there's high, high, high engagement in Stories. So we're going to have to see the length and how quickly people scroll through them to see how many ad opportunities there are and to see how effective those ad opportunities are. Our business depends upon the amount of ads that we can share and the effectiveness of those ads, which drives up ROI and ultimately the price. When you think about messaging, if we've already made the transition in a big way to feed, if we are starting to see real success in Stories, messaging is in a much earlier stage. And what we're doing on Messenger and on WhatsApp are really making sure that businesses can connect with people, and then in the early stages of testing messaging. So we think paid messaging, as we've talked about. And WhatsApp is interesting because by virtue of paying, businesses are going to have to be careful about the content they send. You're not going to send a lot of things people don't want to see if you're paying for them. And so really focused on the consumer experience there and figuring out over time. The last thing I'll say is that I think these things are more connected than people realize, in the sense that we're already seeing some nice traction with click-to-Messenger ads. So one of the things advertisers are trying to do when they're in feed and ultimately when they're in Stories is drive to transactions and real engagement, one-on-one with a consumer is often part of that. So a click-to-Messenger ad takes advantage of having both of those platforms so that businesses can deepen their relationship with the consumer. And I think those experiences and the interaction between them, we're even in earlier days there, but I think we have a lot of opportunity to explore there.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: I'll talk about Stories and I'll share a fun and, I think, important example. We know that when people are using more of the opportunities to reach consumers, their returns often go up. So the fun example is the Furbo Dog Camera. They're a Taiwanese company. They built this camera where you can see/talk and you can see and talk and toss dog treats to your dog when you're not at home. They ran a video ad campaign across Facebook and Instagram Stories and they targeted people with dog-related interests and used Custom Audiences to exclude people who had already purchased their product. By running across Facebook Stories and Instagram Stories, they drove 20% more leads than our other digital campaigns. So anecdotally, with our early, early adopters, we can see that we believe the increased opportunities here really work, and we have other examples like this. In terms of how early it is for adoption, it's super early. We just rolled out the ability to do this in August, and we have to drive awareness and drive people into trying it. And even when we make it super easy for people to get their ads into the right format, from the smallest mom-and-pop to the largest brands, people want to understand the creative of their ad and it needs to be in a format they feel comfortable. So as more people use Stories, we think they will increasingly feel comfortable in Stories. But we have a long road ahead of us even with tools that make it easy to drive awareness and adoption. We think once we do, the returns will be good.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: I can take that. When you think about feed, what people are doing is sharing. They're sharing in Instagram and Facebook. And that means there's, in many ways, almost limitless opportunity for consumers to do more. I think we've made some strong changes on Facebook in terms of meaningful social interactions, and I think the history of our ability to develop and iterate on consumer products shows that we can help people as they evolve, share the things they want to share, and have a very meaningful and important experience in feed as they're sharing. Feed is fundamentally about information being pushed to a consumer and us helping figure out what is most interesting and most engaging and I think, in many ways, positive for people. And I think the product teams, led by Mark, have done a great job of that over time and you're seeing the continued investment there. Along with that, goes the advertising opportunities. As there are more Stories and feed, as more people are engaged in Facebook and increasingly in Instagram, that gives us more opportunities just on the supply side of ads. On the demand side, all of the things we do to get more advertisers active in our system, means we'll have more ads to choose from, to make those ads more relevant, to measure the ROI of those ads so that people can then iterate and, again, make those more relevant. I think we've made real improvements there, but I think there's a lot more we can do. And one of the ways I talk to people about it is just ask what percentage of the ads do you see in your feed are as good as the very best posts you see from friends. And I think most people will honestly say that certainly compared to a few years ago, those ads are much more relevant to them, but not all of them. And you can see in that example, even in your own feed, the opportunities we have to improve, finding the right ad and giving it to the right person at the right time, which drives businesses all around the world and drives our business as well.
