Dave Wehner: Sure, Brian, it’s Dave. I think on the Facebook app, I just say the DAU trend paints the picture broadly for Facebook. We’re seeing stability in the developed markets and growth in the developing markets. And so, we’re continuing to see solid performance on Facebook, and we’re pleased with the engagement levels that we’re seeing overall on the Facebook app. So, I think the first half has been solid from that perspective. And then the second question was on the ad targeting related headwinds. So, we think of those in really three components. The first is regulatory as you think about things like GDPR and other impacts and how those will be rolling out globally. The second is platform changes as it relates to operating systems and a more of a focus on privacy from the operating systems and the impact that that can have on measurements and also on targeting. And then the third is our own product changes as we put privacy more front and center. So really, it’s the compounding of those three issues that are creating headwinds that we think are going to impact us, as we get later in the year and into 2020.
Dave Wehner: And then Eric, I think you asked about margin impact. I’d just say that the video content budget is already factored into the guidance that we’re providing on expenses.
Dave Wehner: Sure. Ross, I mean if you remember we’re seeing good impression growth across Instagram Stories, Instagram Feed and Facebook Feed. So, we’re seeing good impression growth across all of those. We are seeing faster growth in impressions coming from Stories and then also coming from geographies that monetize at lower rates on things like Facebook News Feed. So even though we’re seeing good impression growth that’s impression growth it’s flowing through at a lower price point. Then, the way that growth was driven in the prior year. So that’s contributing to some of the deceleration, specifically as we look out into the remainder of 2019. When we get into Q4, we’re going to be similar to how we had good product wins in Q2. We also had several product optimizations in Q4 that contributed a strong performance that quarter. So, we’re going to have a tougher compare on that basis. So, just broadly, I think we expect the revenue deceleration trend that Q2 is not mark a reversal of that, but we expect to kind of return to constant currency revenue growth deceleration as you get into the remainder of 2019.
Dave Wehner: And then Doug, you were asking about the impacts on expense growth. We’re not giving guidance, specifically on the 2020 expense outlook. But the privacy efforts do require significant investments obviously and compliance processes, people and then technical infrastructure and those are factored into the 2019 operating expense outlook. One of the impacts that I’d point to you is it’s also a reallocation of resources around privacy. So that will have an impact on our overall product development as well. So that’s something that I’d factor in both in terms of just the overall impact to the business, not purely just the expense side.
Dave Wehner: And then Lloyd, you were asking about the step-up on the cost side in Q2 versus Q1. A couple of things that I’d point to the cost of revenue was up 49% in Q2, and that’s really the flow-through of depreciation that you’re seeing from the big CapEx build cycle that we’ve been in and that’s starting to flow through in the cost profile of the business. And then if you look at the G&A line, obviously that was impacted by the accrual for the FTC settlement as well as some other legal expenses including the SEC settlement. So, you had some G&A expenses that were higher in the quarter as a result of that.
Dave Wehner: And Heather on the deceleration, we’re simply guiding that we would expect that we would see constant currency revenue deceleration sequentially with that being more pronounced on a constant currency basis in Q4, again, due to the tougher comp for us in Q4 not giving specific quantitative guidance on that at this point.
Dave Wehner: Hey Justin, it’s Dave. As I noted in my comments. Europe is growing more slowly than North America and APAC. That said, we had a strong quarter and we’re pleased with results in currencies of factor in that delta as well. Overall, we did see Europe had a reacceleration of growth in Q2 versus Q1. And part of that is lapping the GDPR implementation. So, I think overall we’re kind of pleased with what we’re seeing around Europe, but it’s still growing more a little more slowly than North America and APAC.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Thanks, Mark. So in terms of, in terms of our overall expense outlook. Our current outlook for 2019 does suggests that we’ll see margins come down this year versus 2018. Even if you were to set aside the $5 billion FTC accrual. We’re not providing specific guidance for 2020 or beyond. The investment priorities remain the same. In addition to the privacy investment priorities that we outlined today will continue to invest in key areas like core product infrastructure, innovation, video and content and safety and security over the long run. So we’re not at this point providing any more specific guidance on 2020.
Dave Wehner: Hey, Michael, it’s Dave. I guess we’re not really providing detail on region. I would say Stories is today from an impression growth perspective really about Instagram Stories. So it maps where we’ve got good adoption of Instagram globally. So we’re certainly seeing good growth in places where Instagram is strong, including the U.S., so that’s been good to see. And as we continue to work on Facebook Stories, we’ll have more opportunity as well with Facebook and will map to the reasons where Facebook is stronger. So, I think we’re seeing good growth on Instagram. I think that will continue and continue to drive impression growth and then we hope to continue to make progress on Facebook where we’re seeing growth, but it’s off a smaller base.
Dave Wehner: Yes, Ben. So, just in terms of GDPR I kind of address that earlier, we do see that having an impact in Europe that we did see a reacceleration in growth in Europe, as we have lapped the initial implementation of GDPR. So that’s promising, but we continue to see Europe growing just a bit slower than the rest of the regions. But overall, not a whole lot of additional color to provide there.
Dave Wehner: Hey, Brent. So in terms of the outlook. Remember, we don’t have contracted revenue. We are constantly working from an auction perspective. So our forecasts are based on supply and demand and how we see the different product launches playing into that different optimizations that we make. So there’s a lot of granularity that goes into thinking about how revenue will progress that ultimately it’s going to depend on the supply and demand characteristics in that given quarter when we do that and we see that we expect constant currency deceleration. And when we get to Q4 we’re going to be lapping some particularly successful optimizations that we had in Q4 and that’s going to contribute to more of a decel in Q4 than we think we’ll see in Q3. So that’s the reason I’m characterizing the guidance the way I am.
Sheryl Sandberg: So, I think video has been pretty important. It’s really followed technological change, if you think back even four years, you can’t really take a video, a lot of videos buffered on your phone. And now, you think about what people can do. They can consume video very easily on a phone. They can share video, they can take video. And so we’re seeing very – we’re seeing a lot of interest along a lot of consumer products. It’s also probably worth mentioning that video is within a bunch of our products. So, we certainly have video in feed and people can put video into stories and different places. And we also have the specific Watch place, where we’re looking at original content. I think to the second part of your question, which is how do we think about video content. Most of the content, people put up on Facebook video or other is user-generated, that’s also true of the watch content itself. We have made some investments there in creating a more dedicated place to watch video. So, while a lot of the content is still provided by people in a way that we’re not covering costs, we do have a strategy of investing in great content that really starts the flywheel growing – going and we’ve been pretty pleased, I mean it’s not the biggest effort anyone has, but we’ve had some hits from Tom and Time to Tom and Time to Red Table Talk ,sorry for your loss, and we’re seeing some really nice engagement numbers on these shows. And the best of them actually carry over into the Facebook community, because the best of the people creating those shows and starring in those shows are also engaging with Facebook, and I think the vision Mark laid out for this all along is that, we should do video in a pretty social way. When you think about video ads, video ads are pretty exciting, because it’s obviously a firm asset marketers have long loved. I think one of the challenges we’ve had is training the market that you can’t just take your TV ads and put them on video – I’m sorry, put them on mobile or put them into Facebook, because they don’t perform the same way. The best TV ad is 30 seconds, it builds slowly to a story, the product reveal is usually at the very end, the best mobile first ad or ad-on Facebook kind of gets to the main point or gets to the product in the first three seconds, captures your attention much more quickly. We sometimes talk about it as some stopping creative, where you actually want to stop and watch. I think the good news we have here is that mobile first video on Facebook right now is now over 50% of video revenue. So that shows real growth people understanding they need to do it differently, but we’ve still got a pretty long way to go, and we are seeing good results. I’ll share an example, McDonalds. McDonalds used mobile app video ads in Facebook and Instagram News Feed and Stories to launch a limited edition called the Big Mac range in the UK. They had a 16.5% lift in ad recall and then Nielsen’s study showed a nearly 20% incremental reach on Facebook versus TV. So, I think that shows that when video is done well, it can have a really big impact on companies large and small on our platform.
Sheryl Sandberg: I’ll talk about checkouts. So checkout is in, we talk a lot on this call about early stage things, this is earlier than that. We are in a very small closed beta with 23 brands, which for Facebook is about small as something could be. On – obviously, as I said, small, but there is working with the brands, we’re pretty excited by their feedback. We’re not in a rush to scale this quickly. We’re always focused on the consumer experience and we want to make sure we really get this right. I think the way to think about checkout is kind of in a larger picture of what we’re trying to do in terms of commerce and shopping on our services and apps across the board, which is, we obviously have a lot of consumer engagement in our products and that’s great. We obviously have felt some good and robust ad tools that are helping us grow our business quarter-after-quarter. If we can help people close the loop a little more, so they are looking more directly products, that makes our ads more valuable. If we can help people check out and pay for the products and even buy the products, it makes the consumer experience better. It also closes the loop on the data and measurement, we’re going to need going forward. So, we’re excited about these efforts for doing a lot across the board. All of them are in their early stages and we think about this primarily from a consumer and closing the loop point of view more than a monetization in and of itself point of view.
Sheryl Sandberg: Yes. on the check outs beta, it’s just really small and really early. We definitely hear that it decreases at friction in the shopping experience, but with 23 brands in a product, that’s just too small for us to take any real learnings. We are working with them on iterating the product experience for now.
Sheryl Sandberg: On WhatsApp Status ads are not available. We’re very focused for WhatsApp on the consumer experience. But I will take a minute to talk about Stories ads in general, because I think eventually depending on our ability to use data across platform that applies to WhatsApp it’s probably pretty important part of the story that’s going on with Facebook right now. So we do have Stories ads available across Facebook, Instagram and Messenger, and I think one of the most important things we learned as we were doing it transition to mobile is if we made it easy for our advertisers to place the ads, make sure they understood the measurement they were having and also make sure the ad format worked, businesses would move more quickly. Usually people move before businesses people move to mobile before businesses and we certainly saw the same with Stories. But I think one of the successes you are seeing we’re having right now is that we are helping people move to Stories more quickly because of the lessons we learned. So for example, automatic placements, what automatic placements do is they convert Feed ads into a Stories format and deliver the ads wherever they get their best results. And I think it’s product innovations like that that have gotten us to three million advertisers. So rather than across the three properties we have available Facebook, Instagram and Messenger. So rather than go to every advertiser both through our sales force and through our online tools where we sell and say we have a new format, you need to create the new format, you need to figure out the placement being able to just take what they are already doing like Feed ads, converted into Stories and place at anywhere helps us move people into these formats. It’s also a case of we have a lot of inventory on this. And so there is a real benefit right now to being an early adopter, the pricing is very attractive. And so we think the mix shift to Stories is the big opportunity for us and advertisers over time. I’ll say one more thing, which is that Stories don’t monetize right now at the same rate as News Feed. We’re optimistic about the growth over the long run, but we are as always very prudent and careful on the consumer experience.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So, on Libra and similar to our approach on some of the important social issues that we face around encryption and content regulation and things like that. We get that these are really important and sensitive spaces. So, our approach has been to try to have a very open dialog about this, right. If Facebook from a few years ago would have probably just showed up and tried to release a product on our own. And now, the approach on all of these fronts is to outline the ideas in the values that we think an eventual service should have. We’ve opened a period of, however, long it takes to address regulators and different experts and constituents questions about this and then figure out what the best way to move forward is and that’s certainly what we’re planning to do with Libra. So, we worked with the 27 other members of the association to publish the white paper to put the idea out there expecting that this is a very important and heavily regulated area and there were going to be a lot of questions. We’re going to have to work through that. So, I think we’re currently in the process of doing that. We are trying to provide a safe and stable and well-regulated product. So that’s always been the strategy and we’ll continue to engage it here.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So, I can talk about the regulatory picture overall. Over the last few years, we focused a lot on a number of major social issues everything from preventing election interference to reducing harmful content to protecting privacy. Now, I’m talking a lot about data portability. And on each of these, I think that there is work that we can do and that we certainly have a responsibility to really make sure that we perform well on them. But at the end of the day, when our systems are mature, there are still going to be trade-offs between important values that we all have something, I mean, on content between free expression and civil discourse and we’re moving hate and things like that. Those are hard questions that at some level, we’re always going to do the best that we can, but we think that having a more democratic process for setting with some of those norms are would be helpful. On privacy, there are really important questions about how you define what you want the system to be in terms of how much you’re locking down data versus are you making it portable for to enable competition and innovation and academic research and things like that. So, we believe that there needs to be a regulatory framework in place for each of the major issues that I just talked about. And my broader concern is that if that doesn’t get put in place, then frustration with the industry, I think, will continue to grow. And so we’re trying to do our part to help advocate for a good regulatory framework in each area and they will come in different forms. So in some places, we’ll – there will be laws passed and others might be working with regulators and having some structural rules imposed on us like with the FTC settlement; in other areas, it might be self-regulation like around, content and speech in the United States. That’s what I’d expect because of the, first amendment here is a strong protections on speech. So this is important overall, we’re very focused on it. I do think we are making progress on working through the issues and addressing them. We’re, I think, in a much stronger place in elections now. Our content systems are getting more mature, there’s a lot of more work to do in each of those. But I think we are making progress. And as said this is a global problem, not just these are global problem, not just American one. So working with folks across Europe and the other continents as well is important too.
Mark Zuckerberg: So it’s a regulatory approval question in India at this point and we had a license to roll it out as part of an initial test, the test went better than we even expected it would. I mean for a product that you would expect to need to be widely available to be useful, right, in order to – for someone to know that they can send money to someone else. Even a limited test the feedback was very positive. So, I’m quite confident that when we can roll this out broadly it’s going to be meaningfully valuable to the user experience. We’re also working beyond India, in a number of other countries and hope to have this rolled out to a large percentage of the people who use WhatsApp within the next year. So that’s the goal, we’re pushing forward on all of these issues and should have more to talk about soon.
Mark Zuckerberg: And on payments, I mean, the short answer is, yes. We’re very focused on payments with fiat currencies as well and making it so that when you pay in one service, whether it’s WhatsApp or in Instagram Shopping or in Marketplace your credentials can be shared and there’s a shared payment system across all those things. So that’s a – certainly a big area for investment. Overall these areas around commerce and payments, I think are one of the most exciting areas of product development for the next several years. I mean the way that we kind of see the products now is we’ve helped people map out and wire up their networks over the last several years, and now in each of these apps we have opportunities to help people get more value from the networks that they’ve created in some of that is going to be on the social side, especially around creating communities and groups and some of it is going to be more on the economic and opportunity side and there we’re doing a whole lot of projects. I know that Libra is the one that has gotten the most attention recently, but it’s really just one of a set of things everything from Instagram, Shopping which is going to help people connect to brands and emerging creators to Facebook marketplace, which is more consumer-to-consumer paying and buying and selling used goods to things like WhatsApp business, which is more about connecting with small businesses and then across the payment landscape, helping people do payments and existing currencies and also trying some newer approaches that can hopefully bring down the cost of doing payments around the world. We’re just very excited about all the – everything in this area and it’s one of the biggest areas that we’re focused on for the next several years.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. And in Marketplace, we definitely are going to focus on some of the areas that you talked about including jobs is already a pretty meaningful focus where a lot of people do find jobs and business is less jobs through Facebook. I don’t want to, I don’t know what our last public status here. So I’m not going to attempt to site something but it’s meaningful. And the business model around this is probably not going to be charging for listings but advertising. And in order to promote things both in and what we’re doing on Instagram with shopping and in Facebook Marketplace and in the general approach to payments is providing as affordably as possible to improve the user experience and complete transactions which will of course make the tools more valuable for businesses overall and should make the ad prices go up. And that should be the primary thing that we’re focused on. Someone just handed me a piece of paper, which says that we have helped a million people find jobs. So there is the stat.
Mark Zuckerberg: Right, okay. So on that’s on the privacy vision. So for the next year to two a lot of the work that we need to do is just about getting the architecture right. Right so establishing, we have to rewrite the networks on Messenger and on Instagram to be more client and server oriented to be end-to-end encrypted. We’re working on interoperability, that people will be able to choose to use between the services. These are pretty big technical projects. We want to make it so that the infrastructure that these services are built on is the most secure and most reliable and fastest and most widely available of any of the major messaging platforms out there, we think that that’s the foundation to build a successful private platform on. Then we need to do things like what we’re doing with WhatsApp business, which is building up the business ecosystem and that’s just something that our playbook on this but this is a multiyear journey where first we deliver the consumer product experience, then we create organic business experiences and then only as the last step, are we really able to ramp up having business that pay for things that are meaningful for them within that. So it’s not that you’re not going to see progress on that along the way, you’ll certainly see milestones every six months or 12 months. But before this is really the biggest driver of our business, I do think that that’s going to be a number of years.
