Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. In terms of the timing, I think it's somewhat difficult to extrapolate from previous cycles. But I guess like the main thing that we see is that we will usually take, I don't know, a couple of years, I mean, it could be a little more, it could be less to focus on building out and scaling the products. And we typically don't focus that much on monetization of the new areas until they reach significant scale because it's so much higher leverage for us just to improve monetization on other things before these new products are at scale.   So you enter this period where I think kind of smart investors see that the product is scaling and that there's a clear monetizable opportunity there even before the revenue materializes. And I think we've seen that with Reels and with Stories and with the shift to mobile and all these things, where basically, we build out the inventory first for a period of time and then we monetize it.   And during that time, when it's scaling, sometimes it's not just the case that we're not making money from that thing. It can often actually be the case that it displaces other revenue from other things. So like you saw with Reels, I mean, it scaled and there was a period where it was not profitable for us as it was scaling before it became profitable. So I think that's more the analogy that I'm making on this.   But I think it's -- what that suggests is that what we should all be focused on for the next period is as the consumer products scale, Meta AI really just launched in a meaningful way so we don't have any kind of hard stats to share on that. But I'd say that's the main thing that I'm focused on for this year and probably a lot of next year is growing that product and the other AI products and the engagement around them. And I think we should all have quite a bit of confidence that if those are on a good track to scale, then they're going to end up being very large businesses. So that's the main point that I was trying to make there. 
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I can speak to the first one. I think we've gotten more optimistic and ambitious on AI. So previously, I think that our work in this -- I mean when you were looking at last year, when we released Llama 2, we were very excited about the model and thought that, that was going to be the basis to be able to build a number of things that were valuable that integrated into our social products. But now I think we're in a pretty different place. So with the latest models, we're not just building good AI models that are going to be capable of building some new good social and commerce products. I actually think we're in a place where we've shown that we can build leading models and be the leading AI company in the world. And that opens up a lot of additional opportunities beyond just ones that are the most obvious ones for us.   So that's -- this is what I was trying to refer to in my opening remarks where I just view the success that we've seen with the way that Llama 3 and Meta AI have come together as a real validation technically that we have the talent, the data and the ability to scale infrastructure to do leading work here.   And with Meta AI, I think that we are on our path to having Meta AI be the most used and best AI assistant in the world, which I think is going to be enormously valuable. So all of that basically encourages me to make sure that we're investing to stay at the leading edge of this.   And we're doing that at the time when we're also scaling the product before it is making money. So that's the analogy that I was making before, which is we've gone through some of those cycles before. But fundamentally, I think if you look at the facts of what our team is able to produce, I think it just -- our optimism and ambition have just grown quite a bit, and I think that this is just going to end up being quite an important set of products for us. So it was already going to be. Now I think it has the potential to be even more important. 
Mark Zuckerberg: And then on the question of shifting resources from other parts of the company. I would say, broadly, we actually are doing that in a lot of places in terms of shifting resources from other areas, whether it's compute resources or different things in order to advance the AI efforts. For Reality Labs specifically, I'm still really optimistic about building these new computing platforms long term. I mentioned in my remarks upfront that one of the bigger areas that we're investing in Reality Labs is glasses. We think that that's going to be a really important platform for the future.   Our outlook for that, I think, has improved quite a bit because previously, we thought that, that would need to wait until we have these full holographic displays to be a large market. And now we're a lot more focused on the glasses that we're delivering in partnership with Ray-Ban, which I think are going really well. And -- so that, I think, has the ability to be a pretty meaningful and growing platform sooner than I would have expected. So it is true that more of the Reality Labs work, like I said, is sort of focused on the AI goals as well. But I still think that we should focus on building these long-term platforms, too. 
Mark Zuckerberg: All right. So yes, on the Google and Microsoft partnerships, yes, I mean we work with them to have real-time information in Meta AI. It's useful. I think it's pretty different from search. We're not working on search ads or anything like that. I think this will end up being a pretty different business.  I do think that there will be an ability to have ads and paid content in Meta AI interactions over time as well as people being able to pay for whether it's bigger models or more compute or some of the premium features and things like that. But that's all very early in fleshing out.  The thing that I actually think is probably -- the biggest clear opportunity is all the work around business messaging. That's in addition to the stuff that we're already doing, just generate to increase engagement and ads quality in the apps. But business messaging thing, I mean, whether it's a creator or one of the 100-plus million businesses on our platform, we basically want to make it very easy for all of these folks to set up an AI to engage with their community. For a business, that's going to be able to do sales and commerce and customer support. And I think it will be similar for creators, although there will be more of a kind of just fun and engaging part there, but a lot of creators are on the platform because they see this as a business too, whether they're trying to sell concert tickets or products or whatever it is that their business goal is.  And a lot of these folks either aren't advertising as much as they could or, in business, the business messaging parts, I think, are still relatively undermonetized compared to where they will be. And I think a lot of that is because the cost of engaging with people in messaging is still very high. But AI should bring that down just dramatically for businesses and creators. And I think that, that has the potential. That's probably the -- beyond just increasing engagement and increasing the quality of the ads, I think that, that's probably one of the nearer-term opportunities, even though that will -- it's not like next quarter or the quarter after that scaling thing, but it's -- but that's not like a 5-year opportunity either.  So I think -- that is one that I think is going to be pretty exciting to look at. But yes, I mean, as Meta AI scales too, I think that, that will have its own opportunities to monetize, and we'll build that out over time. But like I tried to emphasize, we're in the phase of this where the main goal is getting many hundreds of millions or billions of people to use Meta AI as a core part of what they do. That's the kind of next goal, building something that is super valuable. We think this has the potential to be at a very large scale. And that's sort of the next step on the journey. 
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. I mean I think that the next phase for a lot of these things are handling more complex tasks and becoming more like agents rather than just chat bots, right? So when I say chatbot, what I mean is you send it a message and it replies to your message, right? So it's almost like almost a 1:1 correspondence.  Whereas what an agent is going to do is you give it an intent or a goal, then it goes off and probably actually performs many queries on its own in the background in order to help accomplish your goal, whether that goal is researching something online or eventually finding the right thing that you're looking to buy. There's a lot of complexity and sort of different things. I think people don't even realize that they will be able to ask computers to do for them.  And I think basically, the larger models and then the more advanced future versions that will be smaller as well are just going to enable much more interesting interactions like that. So I mean if you think about this, I mean, even some of the business use cases that we talked about, you don't really just want like sales or customer support chatbot that can just respond to what you say. And if you're a business, you have a goal, right? You're trying to support your customers well and you're trying to position your products in a certain way and encourage people to buy certain things that map to their interests and would they be interested in? And that's more of like a multiturn interaction, right?  So the type of business agent that you're going to be able to enable with just a chatbot is going to be very naive compared to what we're going to have in a year even, but beyond that, too, is just the reasoning and planning abilities if these things grow to be able to just help guide people through the business process of engaging with whatever your goals are as a creator of a business.  So I think that that's going to be extremely powerful. And I think the opportunity is really big. So -- and on top of that, I think what we've shown now is that we have the ability to build leading models in our company. So I think it makes sense to go for it, and we're going to. And I think it's going to be a really good long-term investment. But I did just want to spell out on this call today, the extent to which we're focusing on this and investing in this for the long term because that's what we do. 
Susan Li: Thanks, Brian. So to your first question, where are there more opportunities for us to leverage and improve our recommendations models to drive engagement? One of the things I would say is, historically, each of our recommendation products, including Reels, in-feed recommendations, et cetera, has had their own AI model.   And recently, we've been developing a new model architecture with the aim for it to power multiple recommendations products. We started partially validating this model last year by using it to power Facebook Reels. And we saw meaningful performance gains, 8% to 10% increases in watch time as a result of deploying this.   This year, we're actually planning to extend the singular model architecture to recommend content across not just Facebook Reels, but also Facebook's video tab as well. So while it's still too early to share specific results, we're optimistic that the new model architecture will unlock increasingly relevant video recommendations over time. And if it's successful, we'll explore using it to power other recommendations.   And analog exists, I would say, on the ad side. We've talked a little bit about the new model architecture Meta Lattice that we deployed last year that consolidates smaller and more specialized models into larger models that can better learn what characteristics improve ad performance across multiple services, like feed and Reels and multiple types of ads and objectives at the same time. And that's driven improved ad performance over the course of 2023 as we deployed it across Facebook and Instagram to support multiple objectives.   And over the course of 2024, we expect to further enhance model performance and include support for even more objectives like web and app and ROAS. So there's a lot of work that we're investing in, in the underlying model architecture for both organic engagement and ads that we expect is going to continue to deliver increasing ads performance over time.   The second question you asked was around getting advertisers to test and adopt gen AI tools. There are 2 flavors of this. The more near-term version is around the gen AI ad creative features that we have put into our ads creation tools. And it's early, but we're seeing adoption of these features across verticals and different advertiser sizes.   In particular, we've seen outsized adoption of image expansion with small businesses, and this will remain a big area of focus for us in 2024, and I expect that improvements to our underlying foundation models will enhance the quality of the outputs that are generated and support new features on the road map. But right now, we have features supporting text variations, image expansion and background generation, and we're continuing to work to make those more performant for advertisers to create more personalized ads at scale.   The longer-term piece here is around business AIs. We have been testing the ability for businesses to set up AIs for business messaging that represent them in chats with customers, starting by supporting shopping use cases such as responding to people asking for more information on a product or its availability. So this is very, very early. We've been testing this with a handful of businesses on Messenger and WhatsApp, and we're hearing good feedback with businesses saying that the AIs have saved them significant time while customer -- consumers noted more timely response times. And we're also learning a lot from these tests to make these AIs more performant over time as well. So we'll be expanding these tests over the coming months, and we'll continue to take our time here to get it right before we make it more broadly available. 
Susan Li: Sure. Thanks, Mark. So Reels revenue continued to grow across Instagram and Facebook in Q1, and that's driven both by higher engagement and increased monetization efficiency through our ads ranking and delivery improvements. And we -- as we've mentioned before, we don't plan on quantifying the impact from Reels going forward, but it remains a positive contributor to overall revenue. And we expect that there are going to be opportunities for us to continue improving performance and growing supply.    So on the performance improvements, we are investing in ongoing ranking improvements. We're continuing to make ads easier and more intuitive to interact with through work like optimizing call to actions and post-click experiences, which are especially important for DR performance. And we're also optimizing ads to feel more native to Reels.   In Q1, we rolled out our gen AI image expansion tools across Facebook and Instagram Reels after having introduced it to Instagram feed in Q4, and we're seeing, again, outsized adoption with small businesses. So we're excited about the opportunities to continue making these ads more performant. And even though ads -- the Reels ad loads, sorry, has increased over the last year, it remains lower on a per time basis than both Feed and Stories. So we're going to continue to look for opportunities to thoughtfully grow it in the future and invest in creative ways to address the structural supply constraints of the Reels format being more video-heavy, including higher density experiences and formats and increasingly personalizing ad loads, which we think will make sure that we're really putting ads in front of people when they're most likely to be interested and engaged with them.   The second question you asked was around China. Growth in spend from China advertisers remained strong in Q1. This was driven by online commerce and gaming, and it's reflected in our Asia Pacific advertisers segment, which remained the fastest-growing region, at 41% year-over-year in Q1. Now we did see strength across other geographies as well, including a 6-point acceleration in total revenue growth from North America advertisers.   So I would say that we aren't quantifying the Q1 contribution from China, and we don't have forward-looking expectations to share on quarterly China-based ad revenue, but I will say that we are lapping periods of increasingly strong demand over the course of 2024 given the recovery of China-based advertisers in 2023 from their prior pandemic-driven headwinds. 
Susan Li: And I can take that second question, Doug. So we aren't giving full year 2024 guidance. And obviously, our revenue for the full year will be influenced by many factors, including macro conditions and things that are harder to predict the further out you go. And of course, over the course of 2024, we will also be lapping periods of increasingly strong demand. With that said, we expect to see good opportunities to continue growing engagement across our products, driven by the investments we made in AI-based content recommendations, our ongoing video work. And we also expect that we will continue to drive ads performance gains and continue to make our ads sort of more effective and deliver increasing value to advertisers.   One thing I'd share, for example, is that we actually grew conversions at a faster rate than we grew impressions over the course of this quarter. So we are -- we're expecting to -- which basically suggests that our conversion grade is growing and is one of the ways in which our ads are becoming more performant. So I feel like there's a lot of opportunity for us, both with our organic engagement growth and with continuing to make the ads better and to continue driving more results for advertisers. 
Susan Li: So on the -- I would say -- well, I can start with the second part, and then I'll defer to Mark on the first one. In terms of measuring the ROI on our CapEx investments, we've broadly categorized our AI investments into 2 buckets. I think of them as sort of core AI work and then strategic bets, which would include gen AI and the advanced research efforts to support that. And those are just really at different stages as it relates to being able to measure the return and drive revenue for our business. So with our core AI work, we continue to have a very ROI-driven approach to investment, and we're still seeing strong returns as improvements to both engagement and ad performance have translated into revenue gains.   Now the second area, strategic bets, is where we are much earlier. Mark has talked about the potential that we believe we have to create significant value for our business in a number of areas, including opportunities to build businesses that don't exist on us today. But we'll need to invest ahead of that opportunity to develop more advanced models and to grow the usage of our products before they drive meaningful revenue.   So while there is tremendous long-term potential, we're just much earlier on the return curve than with our core AI work. What I'll say though is we're also building our systems in a way that gives us fungibility in how we use our capacity so we can flex it across different use cases as we identify what are the best opportunities to put that infrastructure toward. 
Susan Li: Thanks, Youssef. We've obviously been following the events related to TikTok closely, but at this stage, it is just too early, I think, to assess its impact or what it would mean for our business.  To your second question on Advantage+, we're continuing to see good traction across our Advantage+ portfolio, including both with solutions, I mentioned this, that automate individual steps of a campaign creation setup as well as ones that automate the full end-to-end process. So on the single-step automation, Advantage+ audience, for example, has seen significant growth in adoption since we made it the default audience creation experience for most advertisers in Q4. And that enables advertisers to increase campaign performance by just using audience inputs as a suggestion rather than a hard constraint. And based on tests that we ran, campaigns using Advantage+ audience targeting saw, on average, a 28% decrease in cost per click or per objective compared to using our regular targeting.   On the end-to-end automation products like Advantage+ shopping and Advantage+ app campaigns, we're also seeing very strong growth. Mark mentioned the combined revenue flowing through those 2 has more than doubled since last year. And we think there's still significant runway to broaden adoption, so we're trying to enable more conversion types for Advantage+ shopping. In Q1, we began expanding the list of conversions that businesses could optimize for. So previously, it only supported purchase events, and now we've added 10 additional conversion types. And we're continuing to see strong adoption now across verticals.   So generally, I would say we are building a lot more functionality into the Advantage+ tools over time. also where a lot of our gen AI ads creative features have been introduced and where advertisers have the opportunity to experiment with those. And we'll keep looking to apply what we learn from these products more broadly to our ads investments over the course of the year. 
Susan Li: Yes. On the second part of your question first, so on the G&A side, that was really driven by legal expenses. We recognized some accruals in Q1 related to ongoing legal matters, and you'll see more detail on that in the 10-Q.  On the first part of your question, which is really about sort of the kind of long-term margin profile of Family of Apps, we aren't giving guidance on that per se. But one of the things that we really have been very disciplined about over the course of 2023 and continuing is really operating the business in a very efficiency oriented way. So we're being very disciplined with allocation of new resources. This is a muscle that we really built over 2023 that we believe is important for us to keep carrying forward. And I think you'll see us continue to emphasize that, especially with the Family of Apps business being at the scale that it is. 
