Dave Wehner: Hey Brian, it's Dave. I'll take the second question. So, I think broadly, what we're seeing is just engagement trends that are going back to a more normalized level. So, if you think about the past year, it's been pretty noisy because of COVID. In the first quarter of 2020, we saw a significant increase in engagement as a result of the pandemic, and we've seen some of those trends subside as the year progressed and we saw gradual phase down of lockdowns. I don't think anything hugely dramatic, but it's certainly something that we're seeing in the engagement trends. And that's one of the factors that's playing into price being a bigger driver of growth on the revenue side because of the impression growth being lower. And I'd say, COVID is certainly a factor in that. On the revenue front, I think there we're seeing continued strong demand with products and even -- and then we're seeing services spend come back. So, I think that's kind of a quick landscape of what we're seeing with the COVID impacts.
Dave Wehner: Hey Justin, it's Dave. Yes, I can take -- I can take both of those. So yes, on the impression growth front, I think we're seeing a couple of factors. We talked about the COVID impact and the return to more normal levels, and that's affecting some of the impression growth. The second factor that we're seeing, and it kind of gets at some of your question, which is we're seeing really strong engagement on video, particularly internationally. And that's -- we're pleased with that. I'd point to a couple of examples there. I'd say Facebook Watch, we talked about the 1.25 billion users. Also, Reels is starting to get traction on -- and doing well on Instagram. Now, video currently has relatively fewer impressions on a time spent basis. So, that's playing into the engagement trends as well. And then finally, I would say, we are seeing competition in News Feed from both our own video products and also others’ products as well. So, that's factoring into it. And then, your second question was regarding any surprises with iOS 14-5. Look, I think it's really early. They just began rolling out the update. So, it's sort of very, very low kind of penetration rates of the new OS at this point. But a couple of things, I'd say, we continue to be concerned about the impact that this update is going to have on the ability of small businesses to use their advertising budgets effectively. That said, the impact on our own business, we think, will be manageable. We continue to expect it will be a headwind for the remainder of the year, but we're making encouraging progress, as Sheryl mentioned, on our own solutions to help advertisers navigate these changes. And that includes helping advertisers work with the Apple API as well as our own approach to using aggregated data for targeting and measurement that we call Aggregated Events Management. So, the goal there is really to maintain it in the long run, even improve performance with less data, so. And then, I'd also add that just in addition to these mitigations, we're also just seeing very strong overall ad demand, which is contributing to a more positive outlook for 2021. And I would say, just overall, the impact of these -- the specific iOS 14 changes are one element of some of the challenges with Apple. But, we think the impact of the Apple approach is really much bigger than this particular update around third-party data usage. Apple has a number of private APIs on hardware and software that advantage their own products and services in ways that are challenging, and we face that issue with -- in places like our messaging products and even with the hardware products we're launching. So, we generally don't think that this closed approach is the best one for the industry from an innovation perspective. Go ahead, France, next question.
Dave Wehner: I mean, the only thing I'd add to your, Mark, is that I think more than anyone else in the industry, we invest on the safety and security side to sort of keep bad content off the site before it gets ranked and put into what people see. So, we've got 35,000 -- over 35,000 people on the safety and security side. We've got the most robust set of content policies out there. We do a quarterly call, public call around our content review process and procedures. So, I think that on the front, before it even gets into the algorithm, I think we really do more than anyone else in the industry on the safety and security front to prevent things like misinformation and a bad content going into the system in the first place.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Mark, I wouldn't have much else to add other than to just say that we've repeatedly called out investments in FRL. Facebook Reality Labs is one of the major investment drivers in our expense outlook. So, it's not the first time that we sort of put a spotlight on that. It's been an ongoing investment area. And studios, as Mark said, and content is an important part of that. France, we can go to the next question.
Dave Wehner: And then, John, it's Dave. Just on the Q1 total expenses, I called out some of the items in my comments. But I think you've got a couple of factors. One was marketing spend was relatively lower compared to Q1 of last year where the growth was lower. And then also, we had a bad debt expense that, I think, was not unique for Facebook. I think you see this in some other companies as well that we took in Q1 of last year related to our expectations on collectibility around COVID. So, that's factoring into some of the compares on the growth rates as well. And then, as you look at the remainder of the year, a couple of things. One is the strength of the business, in general, is giving us confidence, and we're looking for areas to invest more. So, we're continuing to invest in research and development across the priorities that Mark outlined in his comments. And then, as well, we'll see a pickup in things like marketing in the remainder of the year. So, that's what's driving the acceleration of expense growth as you look forward. And then, the COVID compares are a little bit, there's just different expense lines that COVID impacts. So, it's a little noisy from that as well.
Dave Wehner: And Michael, I'll take the second question about pricing. I think, the really simple story on pricing is that demand has just been higher than we expected for ads. And I think it's -- if you had to pick one vertical, it would be commerce that outperformed. But it's a -- and that dovetails nicely obviously with our commerce efforts. But it's really been a broader story than that. Really almost every vertical was very strong. I think we're still kind of -- we're still seeing recovery in some of the verticals that were weaker from COVID, like travel. But we're starting to see, I think, some signs of life there in some other verticals that were being negatively impacted by COVID. But really just strong across-the-board demand for ads has been what's driven it for us. I think the two-year compare that you talked about is a helpful compare because there's a lot of noise in our year-over-year revenue growth rates when you look just at 2020 compared to 2021. And if you do sort of a two-year compare, I think -- and looked at the year-over-year growth rates by quarter, I think we'd expect a more normalized rate of deceleration of growth, not just all of the bouncing around from the weak quarters that we're going to have, and then I think correspondingly stronger quarters as the year progresses from a compare basis into 2020. But, yes, the simple story, advertiser demand, better than we expected.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I can talk about that. I think, we mostly think about these things from the perspective of improving the experiences that we can build. So, augmented and virtual reality, I have thought about for a long time, because I think that it's sort of the holy grail of delivering a sense of presence and the type of social experiences that you would want to build. So, right now, and I guess for the whole history of the Company, we've been constrained to a web browser, and now, in some cases, this increasingly restrictive mobile app rules. But, I think that this future environment where you're going to be able to feel like you're really present with someone else, that's going to be really powerful. And it's going to unlock a bunch of experiences that we wanted to build for a long time, and that's what I'm really excited about. Similarly, on the commerce side, I mean part of this is motivated by wanting to help out small businesses and different businesses sell more across our platform. And a lot of it is also just about making the consumer experience better, right? So right now, a lot of times, you'll click on an ad, you'll see an interesting ad, and it'll take you to a website, and the website won't necessarily have full context on who you are, the payment experience will be clunky in doing that. And there's just an opportunity, I think, to make that all a lot more seamless. And when it is seamless, it bolsters a better experience for the people using it, but then it also converts better for the businesses and performs better. So, I think the way we're going to approach this is largely from starting with having built out this very robust ad system and then just basically working our way down the experience from there. So, making it so businesses and creators can have Shops and that the ads can then link into Shops and have a native shopping experience. And then over time, we will also increasingly, as our payment systems get better and better and more people have credentials on file, I would imagine that that going all the way through the funnel will become an increasing part of what people do, and that will both be a better experience for consumers and convert better for businesses. Similar story on the creator side. Here our main goal is not necessarily that the creator economy is a major business by itself. But, if we become the best place for creators to make a living, then I think that's going to mean that there's better content across the services and better opportunities for community building and engaging people, and that's what we care about. But of course, if there's more engagement and if creators are finding that there are good opportunities to monetize, then they'll engage more with our business products too and there will be some opportunity there. But -- so I kind of think about all this stuff from the perspective of improving the products. And I think that that's going to lead to a lot of benefits for all of the stakeholders over the next several years.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I can start taking this some, and then Wehner, you can jump in if you want to add anything. Overall, I think that the narrative that you are pointing to is dramatically overstated by critics. We do not optimize our systems to increase the amount of time spent in News Feed. I explicitly do not give our News Feed team or the Instagram feed team goals around time spent. Our belief is that if we build a product that is more valuable, then people will engage more, but you should start by trying to build something that's more valuable, not by trying to increase the time that people are spending. So, we've done that for years, and I think it's yielded good results. So from that perspective, I know that what you're saying is something that -- that some folks like to throw around and say. But, I actually think that the more that different regulators or other folks dig into this, I actually think that our practices here are quite robust. And we don't want extreme -- extremist content or any of that stuff on our services. So, if anything, to the contrary of trying to promote that, we go out of our way to try to reduce that. And I think that that -- contrary to what a lot of these other folks say is it is actually in our business interest to reduce it because people don't like it, right? I mean, consumers don't like it. Advertisers don't want to be near it. So, I don't actually think that this kind of narrative about the Company is accurate. And we've tried hard to dispel it. I don't think we've been super successful of that. We will continue trying to work on that. But just to kind of be clear about how I see things, that's the basic download. I think, News Feed is still a huge part of the products and the home feed in Instagram. But increasingly, Stories is a big deal in Instagram, a lot of people are using Explore and IGTV. Video and Watch on Facebook are quite big. And as you say, a lot of people spend a lot of their time and attention is in messaging apps and private interfaces like that as well. So, I think there are a lot of different things that people are doing across the services. But, Wehner can jump in with any more color on that that he wants to add.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can start with this, and then Wehner can jump in on the second point, if you want to add anything. In terms of what changed, I think the big piece here is that Quest 2 is doing quite well. And I don't want to overstate it because I think compared to platforms that are kind of large, massive successes today, it's still obviously on the small end. But there's been a very real inflection in terms of adoption and engagement that we're seeing with Quest 2. It feels like there's something about the quality bar that we hit and the price that we hit and the fact that we're able to do that in a wireless form factor. But, I think it's just -- first of all, it's going to be really hard for anyone else, I think, to meet those different attributes. Some other folks might try to ship something that the claim is higher quality but has a wire. And I just don't think that consumers are going to want to go for that. So, we'll see how all of that plays out. But, I also just look at how the team is executing and the products that we have in the pipeline. And I want to make sure that we can really go all in and deliver this. But, I do admit Quest 2 has been a meaningful step up from Quest 1 in terms of the progress that we're seeing. And content is definitely a part of this. And we have a team internally that's focused on both first party, I guess it's all first-party, second-party and third-party content and making partnerships with studios. And that certainly is a big part of this. I think Quest has, I think by far the best lineup of VR content. And I think the road map of what's ahead is even more exciting, some of the stuff that's coming over the next few years.
Mark Zuckerberg: So, I can talk about the first piece, and then, Dave, maybe you can take the second piece. In terms of when these platforms will be more adopted, I think a lot of it is about form factor and use cases. I mean Quest 2, I think, is -- we kind of hit a key point, but I think there's still further that we want to go on the form factor of that. But I think the wireless part is key. So, I'll just say that again. So, I think that there's a lot that you can do in terms of getting products that might have better graphics or something. But with a wire, it really hurts the sense of immersion because you don't want to have like a wire wrapped around your neck while you're doing all this stuff. But the other big piece is the use cases, which is why I called out in my remarks in the beginning that one of the promising signs that we're seeing is that it is expanding out beyond games. Now, it's still primarily games. But, when we started on this journey, a lot of the reason why I said that I thought it made sense for us to invest in this is because I expect virtual and augmented reality to be some of the most social platforms that get built. And the fact that a number of the most engaging experiences on the platforms today are social and a lot of the top games are social, I think, is really promising. But also seeing things in terms of productivity, and like I mentioned, it’s just really promising that you're seeing the early signs of this becoming a broader platform. So, there's -- again, I don't want to overstate any of this because it's all quite early still, and all these things need to develop out. But, those are very promising signs from my perspective. And as those keep on developing out, then I think the platforms will be broadly applicable to more people. And then, the other thing I'd say is that we haven't really even gotten there on AR yet, right? I think virtual reality, the form factor constraints, I think, are a little less than what you're going to have in augmented reality, where in virtual reality, I think you need to get to a high-quality wireless experience. In augmented reality, you're going to really need a pair of glasses that look like normal looking glasses in order for that to hit a mainstream acceptance. And that, I think, is going to be one of the hardest technical challenges of the decade, it's basically fitting a supercomputer in the frame of glasses. So, I'm -- I find not a very exciting problem to work on. And I think that once that's achievable, potential on that is going to be quite big.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. They're good questions. I think right now, I think the trajectory of this is that when you are very early on in the platform, it's helpful to centralize a bunch of that development close together in the organization. But then as things start to build out and you want to get the full energy of the different app teams involved in building for this, then you want to decentralize it more. So, right now, it's still more on the centralized side. But, I'd say that over the next year or two, we're certainly going to generate more of that work out across the Company and have more of the work that we do be building towards these different platforms. And to your point on the other kinds of services and that are important for commerce, payments, both things like Facebook Pay and eventually, hopefully, we'll be launching Novi and -- sorry, Diem soon, that I think is going to be a pretty big thing too. And that's very important for all the reasons that you're saying. Commerce, across all these platforms is going to be very important. And certainly in a platform that we're building like this, we want to enable payments very easily to make it to that -- the economics all work out for developers.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can start off by talking about the creator economy piece. I know there are a few important components here that creators need. One are the creative tools to be able to share the full range of expressions, right, so from any kind of writing, to audio, to video, to all these different mediums. Then the second is connecting that work with a large audience of people and helping people find their audience and community. And then, the third is monetization. And I'd say that we're probably strongest on the second two of those today. And I think we have creative tools, and we will invest more in building those. But, when it comes to helping people reach the largest audience or finding their specific audience, I think we are world-class at that. I think we're the best of that. And then, in terms of monetization, I also think that as our business results show, we are very efficient at that. And if we can put that to work for creators to help them make money from their work, then that can help achieve this goal of enabling millions of people to make a living through this kind of creative work. So, I think on those two pieces, especially on the monetization side and on the helping people connect with their specific community and getting as much distribution as possible, I think that we're going to do some really great and unique work to help a lot of creators out. And then, we'll build out the broader suite of tools, too, but I think that those two places are really where we enter this from.
