Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I think I can probably take both of those. On commerce, I think the main thing to keep in mind is just the ads business is so large that it's going to take a long time before anything that we do with commerce is going to be particularly meaningful at scale. But I think overall, the strategy is really to work our way down the funnel from discovery and all the things that we're already world-class that with ads to making it so that those ads increasingly point to shops across our different services. In order to do that, each layer of the funnel that we're working on, we want to be world-class on its own, which means that basically there is this whole long tail of functionality that businesses have come to expect on the web and from other tools, and we need to make sure that that's available for shops and business messaging and all the tools, whether we do that through partnerships, with other e-commerce companies or building it up ourselves. So, we're seeing meaningful improvements every quarter in this in terms of how effective these are. There are already a pretty meaningful number of merchants and people who are using shops, and we expect this to compound over the coming years. But I just think in terms of the scale of the ads business that we're starting at, I just think realistically, we shouldn't expect that this is going to be a meaningful driver of our business or profitability in the near term, it's just going to take a while for that compounding to become meaningful numbers. But I think the strategy is the right one, it's creating a better product experience for people. When you click on an ad or when you engage with the business, it's just going to be much better to do that natively, whether you're in Instagram or Facebook or WhatsApp or whatever you're using, then go to a website that doesn't have your payment information and isn't personalized. So I think we're on the right path here, and we're focused on compounding this as quickly as we can.  I guess for the second question on the creator economy. I mean, yes, there are a number of different companies that are focused on this. I'd say there are a couple of things here that are interesting properties of this. One is that if you're a creator and you're trying to get your content out there and you're trying to make a living, you want to be in all these different platforms. So I think a lot of what we're trying to do is, it's not necessarily the case that people are going to be on one platform versus another. We just want to make it so that that creators have their best content here and that we can help them make a living better than other platforms, and we think that if we do, we'll have an advantage on content over the long term, but it's not like we fundamentally have to win creators over from another place. Our monetization tools, I think, are a pretty big advantage that we bring to the table. Our advertising is world-class, so the ability to basically help creators make more money from the work that they're already doing, I think it's something that we should really be able to bring those set of tools to the table. We also have a lot of distribution an ability for people to find their communities and help personalize recommendations to help connect people with the people who are going to be interested in their content. So, I think about that is some of what we're seeing and why a lot of creators are excited about the work that we're doing. And over the long term, I think if we are able to make it so that, millions of creators are able to make a living across our platforms, I think that's just going to mean that there's going to be a long-term breadth and healthy set of content across the systems that I think is going to be increasingly important, especially as video becomes more important on our platforms like, what we're seeing both with Watch and Reels now.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. And on the metaverse points, we're primarily focused on here. Before I get into the business model, our basic playbook as a company is build products that you get to scale, especially social products. It's important that the people you want to interact with are there. So we are going to focus on having hundreds of millions of people use the metaverse and the new platforms that we're building before we really turn this into what I expect to be a very important and big part of the business. But overall, and I think that there is -- as we embark on this next chapter, ads are going to continue being an important part of the strategy across the social media parts of what we do and it will probably be a meaningful part of the metaverse too. I think commerce is going to be increasingly important, which is why we're -- one of the reasons why we're focused on this across our current apps and the current economy. But I think digital goods and creators are just going to be huge, right, in terms of people expressing themselves through their avatars, through digital clothing, through digital goods, the apps that they have, that they bring with them from place to place, a lot of the metaverse experience is going to be around being able to teleport from one experience to another. So being able to basically have your digital goods and your inventory and bring them from place to place and that's going to be a big investment that people make. And our focus for now is really on helping to develop the community, helping to develop the number of people who -- grow the number of people who can be in these metaverse experiences and can experience in the next computing platforms like virtual and augmented reality and that's I think what you should expect us to focus on for the next period. But over the long term, I think if there's going to be a very big digital economy around this. And that's where we're primarily going to be shooting for. Our business model isn't going to primarily be around trying to sell devices at a large premium or anything like that because our mission is around serving as many people as possible. So, we want to make everything that we do as affordable as possible. So as many people as possible can get into it and then compound the size of the digital economy inside it. So that's kind of at a high level how I'm thinking about this, and I'm happy to talk about this more as we continue to evolve the investments. And Dave can speak about the expenses and disclosures and all that, but I will note that that I appreciate the ingenuity and cleverness of looking to our job descriptions to just to see where we're investing. This is a big focus, as I called out in my comments at the beginning.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can start off with the metaverse question. I do think that this is going to be a macro wave overall that a lot of companies are going to be able to ride and benefit from. So whether that companies like and videos that are building a lot of the graphics chips that are going to be really important for a lot of the content, but I think is going to be increasingly graphically intense, that certainly building those kind of graphics chips is not a thing that we're intending to get into, where certain accounting on companies like that in the industry to kind of continue improving compounding overall. But on the hardware side, I would say that we have a pretty big program on building virtual and augmented reality devices. And I mean, sure a lot of people are still going to be using phones and computers for a long time, but I think when it gets to what are the devices that are going to deliver the deepest sense of presence and that are going to be increasingly important over the next decade, we're certainly investing in that because we want to make sure that those develop in a way that's in line with the vision of these platforms helping people to interact with each other and socialize, then that means prioritizing certain feature development or certain sensors in the devices that we want to make sure that we can help push that in a direction that will help us to become a very social platform. So overall, I do think this is going to be a big space. The point that I was making is that, I think they're going to be a lot of winners and this is going to be nothing that one company builds alone, but I think it is going to be a whole ecosystem that needs to develop. So we're certainly making a lot of the key investments that we need to make in the foundational technology to be able to deliver the parts that we want to.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I can take both of those. So in terms of messaging, we're working on cross-dock communication between them, business messaging APIs. I mean, a lot of this is very much -- the business messaging I think is going to be an important part of commerce and helping people interact with businesses in a way that is natural to them. The cross-dock communication in terms of helping people reach people wherever they are, it kind of fits into this vision that we have for the future of people being able to easily teleport between experiences that I think it's going to be increasingly important as we move towards the metaverse. People are going to need messaging services that's going to continue to be a core way that people communicate, people are going to want to reach the people they care about, no matter what service they are on and be able to move between these. So when I talk about kind of interoperability and moving more there in the future, we're trying to get our core experiences today aligned with that as well. The other thing on messaging is the connect to the business today is that click to messaging ads are one of the parts of the ad business that is growing quickly and doing quite well. And part of that is because even if we're not charging a lot directly for the messaging APIs for businesses, that if the interactions between people and businesses end up helping businesses convert better and drive more sales and business is naturally going to want to pay to have their ads point towards that rather than other surfaces that we may not control or that may be a worst experience, so that's on the messaging side. On the AI side, I mean this is a really good question, it's probably something that doesn't come up as much on these earnings calls, as it probably should for how important of a driver of the progress in AI is for our overall results. One of the things that I've observed and just running the business over the last couple of years is there's a lot of focus on kind of different headwinds that we may face, whether it's from other platforms or regulation or different things. But one of the areas that I think has routinely outperformed our expectations is progress on AI. And we don't have a single product, which is like an AI product that's sort of the embodiment of all the AI work, that's not something that we've done yet. But basically, we've a very large investment in AI, and we build out this platform, but then all of our products used. So when we make foundational improvements, it makes ranking better, a news feed and Reels and ads and it makes our sound detection and our integrity systems more effective at identifying stuff, everything just get better and this is really been one of the big tailwinds are way of is that that we've been writing and just from what I can see technologically, on the horizon, it really doesn't seem like this is going to be slowing down anytime soon. And I don't think that this is a Facebook specific thing, I think that this is probably across the whole industry or maybe even across the whole economy more broadly. But I do think that the progress that's been made at the fundamental levels with AI is driving a lot of progress and just one of the important macro effects that we're seeing. For PyTorch specifically, I mean, it certainly helps that the framework that we use to develop our AI work is one that's embraced by the communities. So a lot of time is when we go to spin up a new project is that there already have been some team that contributed an open source library to it, and that makes it easy. So I think that there certainly are dividends that we get from having developed or help develop PyTorch to become an increasing standard, especially among researchers and it's certainly an area that we're going to focus on investing more in. I think that the core AI platform is just an important part of the progress that we're seeing overall.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Thanks, Justin. On the DAU front, we are seeing those trends being impacted by COVID, that's especially noticeable in some of the larger markets where we have high levels of penetration like North America and in Europe. And I'd say in North America, given our high level of penetration, we do expect sort of MAU and DAU levels to sort of bounce around from quarter to quarter, given kind of how significantly penetrated we are in that market. And then in Europe, we're seeing combination of seasonal slowness, as well as COVID-related softness, when we saw a restrictions ease, obviously, with Delta, we might see other trend, it's hard to predict how that's going to play out in this cycle, but that's kind of the best read on it I can give you at this point.
Dave Wehner: Yes. And Justin, I mean obviously, from a capital allocation perspective, our overall focus is on growth, and we've repeatedly called out that as it relates to our investments in innovation, FRL is a big focus area for us and a major investment driver in our expense outlook. So we have mentioned that we're investing billions of dollars annually, and we expect to invest in this area for the foreseeable future. As we make progress towards building this next computing platform, there is a lot of hard work that needs to be done. But it is a big focus, but we haven't provided any more granularity on it. Okay. France [ph], you can go ahead and go to the next question, please.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Sure, Mark, and I certainly hit this with Justin's earlier question. We haven't given a specific breakout on what we're investing in FRL, it's obviously a significant investment we've categorized it is billions, and so your number is billions. So it's consistent with that saying billions. But beyond that, we don't have any more specificity to get. But it is certainly a significant investment. And I would say that is inclusive obviously of all of the efforts we're making across FRL, not just the metaverse. And then on pricing and ROI, Sheryl, you might be able to give some color on that as well. You're muted Sheryl. Hang on a second.
Dave Wehner: Youssef, why don't I start off on it, and then if Sheryl wants to add any color, she can jump in and add that. So in terms of Facebook ads performing well in both direct response and brand, this quarter, we continued to see solid growth across both direct response and brand. Direct response continues to be the bulk of our business and the primary driver of growth, but we did see a nice rebound consistent with others in the market of brand spend back on platform and brand obviously took a big hit on a year-ago basis, really saw a bigger pullback in brand and sub-brand came back more strongly than DR. But DR is still doing quite well. We're seeing a lot of the categories that let during the pandemic continue to do well and those are all highly DR-centric verticals like commerce, so continuing to see good performance there.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Ross, I can take that. I think it's a question of definition as well. I mean, we already like YouTube pay a lot out to the creative industry more broadly as opposed to specific individual creators. So for instance, we pay to on the music licensing front, we do a fair amount of that, there is significant payments we make there above and beyond what we're talking about with $1 billion commitment to creators that Mark outlined. This is obviously something that is part of the cost structure, but it's something that we've long had in our outlook. So I don't think it's a meaningful change in the business model or outlook, but it is something that we're committed to helping people continue to build a vibrant communities and businesses on our platform, just like we have with advertising. France [ph], you can go ahead and go to the next question, please. Thanks.
Dave Wehner: Yes. So Mark, on the second question, we're obviously very focused on making sure that our ads are effective, and we've got good conversion rates for our advertising partners. So part of what we're doing there and Mark talked about this in the Q1 call is making sure that the ad units optimized for whichever experiences is converting the best. So if you've got a store, a shop on Facebook or Instagram is that converting better or is your own web store converting better and then that allows us to also just get better at making our shops and more effective. And so we want to do what's best for the advertiser and also continue to make our online and our own shops more effective. So no specific numbers to share there, but we're continuing to work to make our shops convert better. And France [ph], we can go ahead and go to the next question, please.
Dave Wehner: Thanks, Brent. We didn't provide specific guidance on it. We obviously saw a deceleration from Q1 to Q2 from 74% to 72%, and we expect modest deceleration in the second half of the year, but we haven't put a specific number on that. And France [ph], you can go ahead and go to the next question.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Thanks, John. On the iOS changes, really very much in line with expectations on things like opt-in rates. So I would say overall the impact has been in line with our expectations. So not a huge surprise there. We're not fully rolled out with those changes, but Q3 will have the impact more or less of those being fully rolled out. And then in terms of the OpEx guide, yes, we do expect accelerating expense growth in the back half of 2021, and we're going to see that in areas like consumer marketing. So some of the non-headcount related spend, we expect to accelerate in the back half of the year. So that's the expectation on that front. And France [ph], we can go to the next question, please.
Dave Wehner: And Michael, I'll take the second question. I don't have specific data to share, but I mean just contextually, the work that we're doing with the aggregated events management API is part of the broader work that we're doing to rebuild meaningful elements of our ad tech. So that our system can continue to perform well, having access to less data in the future. And it really dovetails into some of the work that Mark was talking about with machine learning and AI, because that's going to be an important part of being able to make better use of less data. And so, again, why having access to the ML and AI capabilities that we have with Facebook or is going to be so important to the future and maintaining and growing the efficacy of ads. So I think broadly, we're pleased with the progress we're making on this. It is disruptive for advertisers to have to go through the process of also learning how to retool. So I don't want to lessen the impact this is having on our advertisers. I think it is a challenging period for them, and we're trying to help them work through it as effectively as we can. So with that, I think we are done. So thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today, and hope everybody stays safe.
Sheryl Sandberg: Sorry. On pricing and ROI, the beauty of an auction is that people can see the prices they're paying, they're able to measure the results and then data appropriately. As people get more specific, more personalized, more targeted in what they're doing, even if prices are rising, they can find the bias within the system that work for them. And the good news is that's good pressure in the system because it makes the ads more relevant for the people who are seeing them. Once you are really incentivized within an option to find the saying that is returning for you, that's actually almost always the same, that is the most relevant for people who are seeing the ads. And I think that's been a good system and good pressure within the system going forward. We're certainly seeing our large brand advertisers continue to spend and get better at using personalization in our ad formats. And we're seeing small advertisers be able to compete very effectively. It doesn't mean that rising prices aren't an issue some time, but I think overall, this is where the auction system serves us well, and most importantly, serves consumers well.
Sheryl Sandberg: The only thing I'll add is that increasingly the brand DR distinction is less and less traditional, large brand advertisers that have done brand advertising for a very long time are increasingly learning to do direct response ads and use our different formats and use our different measurement tools. So even the categories that people are used to thinking about, I think it's more of the buy than the advertiser as our largest brand advertisers. I think many of them are becoming increasingly proficient and effective in what would traditionally be considered DR advertising.
Sheryl Sandberg: So I can talk about video ads. So we're seeing very strong growth in video monetization across Watch, Feed, Reels, and we think we're continually getting better at monetizing video. But there is still monetizing at lower rates versus feed stories, but we have a lot here. We have 2 billion people watching in stream ad eligible videos per month. Mobile first video is increasing, meaning even brand advertisers are getting better at doing mobile first video. And certainly, we think advertisers are looking for the best place to reach audiences, and we compare very favorably across the board. I'll share really I think a cool recent example, Walmart, a very larger advertiser engaged Ree Drummond, who is the Pioneer Woman cooking show host to host their first live shopping event. And the event was to launch for Walmart exclusive line of home and fashion products, and they used a mix of our personal ads to drive awareness to a live shopping event and then reengage its viewers after a purchase, and they had really great results across the board. They ran part of that live as video ads and resulted in thousands of engagements -- a lot of engagement with people and sales. And so, I think that's a good example of our products like live, combined with the use of video on our platform, combined with people taking an opportunity for video ads and putting it all together in ways. I think, will compete very favorably with other formats like TV.
