Sheryl K. Sandberg: Sure. Facebook Ad Exchange, our real-time being offered, which was advertisers getting real-time on a specific ad impressions. The goal of this is to show people more relevant ads. This is something third parties have been doing across the Web for a while. For us right now, we're at very early alpha stage test and we don't have more information to share. But we're really encouraged by how interested our advertisers and customers are because this gives them an opportunity to connect to users, our users, that they're trying to reach to other things they do across the Web. On the Yahoo! deal, the Yahoo! deal had 2 parts. The first part was a cross license of all the patents. And the second part was a partnership, where we worked with Yahoo! on tent-pole anchor events, such as the Olympics. We were really pleased to sign the Yahoo! deal because it really extended the platform relationship we've had and really brought us back to what was a very good relationship we've had historically with an important client. And I think we'd also like to take the opportunity to congratulate Marissa on her new job at Yahoo!
Sheryl K. Sandberg: I'll just add one thing, which is while we're not commenting on pricing specifically because it's early, it's really worth noting that higher click-through rates lead to higher CPMs over time even without pricing changes.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: So fewer than 1/2 of our ads are social, and it's an increase. We're very focused on increasing the percentage of our ads, which are social in nature. We know from a large number of studies in working with advertisers that the ads that are social have higher engagement rates from users, much higher ROI for advertisers. So driving that percentage up is also, is really important to us. It also feeds into the Sponsored Stories in News Feed strategy that I've spent most of my remarks talking about, which is that we put things in News Feed that are most relevant. So the more social context the ads have and the more relevant they are to our users, the more we'll be able to drive up that percentage of our ads that go into News Feed.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: I can take the first part. Yes, the Sponsored Stories have shown really, really good results. And we are also seeing good results from other ads on the site that have social context. So as we rolled out more ways to make your ads social, we see increasing engagement, increasing ROI from those ads. FBX is early. But our initial testing showed very promising results for advertisers as they are able to connect what they're doing elsewhere across. It's also worth noting how optimistic we are around our early testing around mobile. Mobile for itself is an inherently social experience and for our service is inherently social. And what people are doing on their mobile devices is continuing their News Feed and sharing. So really, the big accomplishment we've had in ads over the last quarter or 2 as we rolled Sponsored Stories into News Feed and on mobile, has been very promising for us because the results show that users engage with those ads and advertisers get a high ROI from them.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: So for Sponsored Stories, in terms of rolling it out, what we're doing is we're looking at 2 things very carefully. We're looking at the social context to make sure it's really relevant. So the better stories we can generate, where people are interacting with things that are monetizable, the more Sponsored Stories we can roll out. We're also looking really clearly at user reaction. And the good news for us is that it's easy for us to measure user reaction because we can see if users are sharing, clicking, liking, commenting, if they're engaging with those stories. And we can look at how much they're engaging with those stories relative to others. We've also been pretty careful, even when both of those metrics are high, at just limiting the number of Sponsored Stories as we roll out. We've been fairly cautious on only rolling out a certain amount. And we intend to be continually cautious as we really work on user demand, on the user perception. We have not rolled out Sponsored Stories in News Feed across all countries. There are certain countries that we're still working out finishes, so it's not entirely globally rolled out. And with apologies, I'm not sure I remember this -- local, yes, I knew there was a third part of the question. Yes, I mean, local is huge. We've always talked about it. And I think I mentioned it in my remarks. Local is the Holy Grail of the Internet. Everyone is about to get people into local. And this is something, certainly, in my history of working on -- in this industry, I've spent a lot of time on. The problem is that local businesses are just not very tech-savvy. So if you look at local businesses in the United States, obviously one of the more developed markets, something like more than 40% of them have no Web presence at all. So they don't adopt things that are really, in our view, might be something that we would think they would obviously adopt. This is where I think Facebook has a huge competitive advantage because those same local business owners are using Facebook as users. So while they won't adopt something for their product, they've set up their profiles or their timelines, and when they use the product, they start to see messages from other businesses. And then they start thinking, "Wow, this could work for my business as well." The product we want them to use, which is pages, is also incredibly similar to their timeline or profile. And so the leap the small business owner needs to make is just smaller here than we think it is with anyone else. And the numbers bear that out. We have so many, as I mentioned before, 7 million small businesses that are using their pages on a monthly basis. Which is something we've done without any really targeted marketing effort to them at all, and then hundreds of thousands of those get up-sold into becoming advertisers. Our push, which I mentioned in my remarks, to make it easier for them to advertise, so the thing we rolled out last quarter, which is you can just pick a poster, do it on your page and make it super easy to advertise. I think those things will make a business a really big difference in accelerating this even further.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: One thing to think about in the commerce area or in other areas like video is that our view of the world is things become increasingly social. And that takes time. Gaming was obviously first. But people are informed when they purchase things by their friends, and the commerce companies that are really adopting social are seeing good responses. Fab is one of them. Fab is very early on in its history, but it's a truly social shopping experience. And they're seeing near 20% to 40% of their traffic from Facebook on a daily basis, as well as a very good return on their investment on ads that their CEO has been talking about publicly. We look out at what people's shopping behaviors are. And so much of them really -- so much of their shopping behaviors really are social, that we think there's a big opportunity for the social context that we offer to be a major part of how people discover products.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: I'll take the first 2 and hand off the third. When you think about the advertising experience on Facebook, it is complicated today. And that's mainly because we're a completely new kind of marketing. We're not TV, we're not search, we are a third medium. And that's presents a challenge because the messages that talk at consumers on other platforms need to really be adopted and changed to be more inclusive. The right ad on TV or on search is the wrong ad for Facebook. Facebook marketers need to learn how to make their ads really a two-way dialogue with consumers. We also have a measurement challenge. When you see an ad on Facebook, you don't go and click to a purchase right there, but you're more likely to search later on and buy a product or to walk into a store and buy a product. So we have the challenge of teaching marketers how to develop social marketing, and then working with them so that we can tie the consumer experience of seeing a Facebook ad and interacting with that brand to a purchase that happens later on. And that's why we're so focused on the market education. With our clients who have done a lot with us, I think they're learning a lot on those trajectories and seeing very positive returns. But it took a long time for the TV market and advertising to be truly understood. It took a long time for search. And I think we're still in that learning curve with a lot of our clients. The good news is that our results are so strong. The ROI results I talked about in my remarks, where we've now done 60 campaigns, if you talk to CMOs, those ROI results of getting to 3x their ad spend or 5x their ad spend or better are truly good, compared very favorably with anything else marketers do. And so our view is that if our ads work and we continue to make our ads work and they work for advertisers and our users, we'll be able to educate the market over time, how quickly that will happen will depend. But we feel like we're on a good part of that growth trajectory. In terms of the App Center, the goal behind the App Center is that we believe social discovery will lead to app installs. You are more likely to want to use an app your friends are using than you are one that you know the generic population represents. Right now, we are not offering paid apps, so the revenue share issue you're talking about is not something we have a product to deal with right now.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: I think we're very optimistic about our platform partners. Our goal is to take everything people do, or at least close to everything people do, and make it social. And what we do is provide technology for our platform partners to do that. How many people go into specific programs is not the thing we most focus on. We focus a lot on how many developers out there are using our tools, how many of the apps that are growing quickly, how many of the services people are growing quickly are using tools like Open Graph, as well as ads, so that we can build an ecosystem. Mark said in his remarks that we really believe that we are going to provide the identity and the social layer for everything that happens across Web, across mobile. Given the size of our graph, this engagement people have with us, which even as we grow, is not just staying flat but in many ways increasing. We're very optimistic that if you were choosing to develop a service, you would choose to do it with us. We really consider ourselves a partnership company. And that means that we want to take social companies and make them big, and big companies and make them social, because we think bringing what Facebook provides, which is your friends, makes every service better.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So just to take the first one first. I think what we're seeing is pretty steady growth in engagement in all these cohorts, including the younger ones. So really, nothing out of line with the overall metrics there. On your second question about the overall size of the company, we've always been significantly smaller per employee compared to the number of people who we serve in the world. So it's really baked into the company that we have to build systems and software that take into account the leverage that employees here have. And that's actually one of the reasons why a lot of people love working here and one of the biggest reasons why people cite for wanting to join the company and staying here. So it's also affected the strategy. I mentioned we believe that all these consumer products, and maybe even more than consumer products that people use, will become social over time. But we can't build all those things ourselves, so we focused on building this platform. Over time, it might make sense for us to build more of these things ourselves. But because of the scale that we're at, we really focus on the 3 things that I laid out today. This shift towards mobile is incredibly important. Building the highest quality applications and products is really critical. Building a platform so that the 1 million more developers who use Facebook can build these products. It's the highest leverage thing that we can do. And we think that social ads are just going to monetize much better than nonsocial ads as we increase the percent of our overall advertising that has social context in it. So that's kind of where we are, and we're basically growing by trying to find as many talented engineers as we can for the most part. But I think for the foreseeable future, we're just going to be way smaller than other companies that address significant or comparable size user bases.
Mark Zuckerberg: Well, Facebook is the most used app on basically every mobile platform, right? So when we think about what we want to do right now, we want to increase the depth of the experience in addition to just growing users. We thought a lot about this question of -- and I even talked about it in my opening remarks today, we want to not just have apps that people use but also be kind of deeply integrated into the systems as possible. We want to support a development ecosystem, where other apps can build on top of Facebook. So that's why you'll see us do things like support Apple in the iOS integration that they wanted to do. There are a lot of things that you can build in other operating systems as well that aren't really taking -- that aren't really like building out a whole phone, which I think wouldn't really make much sense for us to do. So I think that there's a big opportunity for us here. The amount of time that people spend in the apps is greater. People come to the apps and use Facebook more when they have mobile phones. And I think we're really much closer to the beginning here than the end in terms of what we can do. If you use the apps today, they're relatively basic compared to what I think anyone can imagine they would want from their Facebook experience on a phone.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So to the first one, the acquisition hasn't closed, right? So there's been no integration or anything like that. And there will be an update when that happens. In terms of what else we might acquire, I mean, our strategy has primarily been to buy companies for talent. I mean, we have this very entrepreneurial culture, where we want the type of people inside the company to take risks and be the type of people who would want to build out whole companies on their own. So often the best way to find a lot of those people is to find people who are building companies, who maybe are working on a problem where they think that they'd have more leverage if they joined Facebook. So x of Instagram, most of the acquisitions that we've done fit that category, and that will continue to be the approach going forward.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. Well, the basic approach that we have for now is we're building out this platform and other companies can build on top of that. And you can view our business as an advertising and payments business or you could view it as there will be these companies that help to transform these industries, and we will get some portion of the value that comes from that, that we're helping to provide, right? So in gaming, for example, we think that we're helping to provide a lot of the value, so we end up getting a relatively high percentage of the revenue that comes into those companies. Whereas in something like music or some of the media companies that are now getting built using Open Graph, I think we aren't providing quite as much of the percentage of the value as with games, so the overall amount of the revenue that comes to Facebook through, whether whatever the breakdown of ads and payments is, I think, will be somewhat less. But a lot of people will do that stuff, too. So I think the real way to think about this is that over time, more and more nuanced experiences will become social. So gaming is such a basic thing that people want to do with their friends, so even with a relatively basic platform, people could build that ecosystem out. Some of the media stuff required more nuance. I think commerce will require a little more and so on. But as these things get built out, I think we'll build out the tools to both enable those products to get built and to be able to capture some percentage of the value that we're helping to create. But I mean, I don't really have any more plans that I'm going to share with you today about our product roadmap or anything like that.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. So I mean, in terms of the methodology for building News Feed -- and at any given point, we have a lot of different tests, different algorithms running, and we measure engagement of everything downstream from News Feed and the whole system, right? So obviously, clicks and engagement and feedback in News Feed, how many people want to share, but also how many page views and how much time people spend on Facebook overall, ad performance, everything, down to all of the different tweaks that we do in News Feed, and user sentiment as well. So I think we have pretty robust systems that are built out around this. And one of the things that I think is pretty interesting is what we've seen is that we can put in good sponsored content and have it not degrade those metrics. So that's really what we're trying to do, is we're rolling some of these Sponsored Stories out more conservatively because we want to make sure that the quality is very high. And we're basically continuing to run those tests to make sure that we are producing the best product that we can.
David A. Ebersman: Sure. Doug, this is David. I'll start on the pricing, and then Sheryl can chime in. So we're very pleased by what we've seen in the early ramp-up of Sponsored Stories in feed in both desktop and mobile. But it's important to note that it's early, so we have a relatively limited amount of volume that we've put into the system at this point. I think the test over the second half of the year that we're excited to see happen is working with advertisers to increase demand for Sponsored Stories in feed creating better social content that we can put in feed without having a deleterious effect on the user experience and seeing where that takes us in terms of clicks and prices and things along those nature. So while the early data is quite positive, it is at low volume, so we just have to be careful about extrapolating from it. In terms of margins, not a lot to add to what I said earlier in the call. At this point in time, we are growing the business really focused on the opportunities that we seek to invest in and the importance that they could have and should have for the long-term business that we can build. And so we're more focused on making sure that we're positioned to capitalize on what we're trying to do in mobile and platform and social ads and not trying to optimize for a short-term margin target. In the long run, I think we have the kind of business that because we have such a large network and so much value comes from the content that it's created and distributed by the members of the network to have a business that works really efficiently.
David A. Ebersman: And just to add, just to make sure that we're communicating this clearly, a very small percentage of our ads are Sponsored Stories in News Feed at this point. We just started with that product recently and we're being very careful in terms of the volume that we've put into News Feed because it's such a core part of the user experience.
David A. Ebersman: First, the DAU relative to MAU comparison. We remain really pleased with the percentage of our monthly users who come back every day. We have sort of assumed earlier on in our history that as we further penetrated the market of people in the world and got into late adopters that, that number would go down. And we've seen that just consistently go up, which I think speaks to the value of kind of the network effects, the more people that use Facebook, the more interesting it is. The number doesn't tend to move dramatically from quarter-to-quarter. It's a slow-moving number. It did decline fractionally from Q1 to Q2 as you noted. I think that 2 things there. One is that we did make some changes to what we've described earlier as background pinging, or I think we called it automatic background activity in the prospectus, which is when phones contact our servers without there being a user active on the other end just to download information. We see that on several of the mobile services, it helps you to have more information from Facebook when you do check your phones. We try and understand what that looks like in terms of technically so that we don't count that as usage, and we sort of continually make some changes. That had some impact on the apples-to-apples nature of the DAU comparison, June versus March. You asked about seasonality. I don't know that we have a great handle on the seasonality effects as it relates to by month. We tend to see things like holidays. There would be some drop in daily level as engagement, so it depends on what month, holidays and other things happen in.
David A. Ebersman: To your second question, I mean, if you sort of start by looking backwards a little bit in terms of how revenue has grown to get us to where we are today, a couple of years ago, we had a couple of hundred million dollars in revenue, and obviously it's grown a lot. It's sort of a combination of, I would say, 2 things: a series of ongoing optimizations that we make every day in trying to make the business work better, increase advertiser demand, better ad formats, et cetera; and then on top of that, major changes that we make, like the introduction of payments, which really started impacting the business late last year, or fundamental changes to the product and how we advertise on it. And so when we look forward to the second half of this year, I think we'll continue to make the kinds of optimizations we're always making to try and drive more advertiser demand, better targeting of ads, et cetera. But the big priority and the big opportunity for us is what we're doing with Sponsored Stories in News Feed. And I think it's just difficult to forecast what that's going to look like because we're still early into it. We started putting Sponsored Stories in feed earlier this year but really didn't ramp that up substantially until really June of this year is when the numbers, we started putting more volume in. And thus far, we feel like we're in a really good position because as we've ramped up to where we are today, we see high levels of advertiser demand and good levels of user engagement. But the forecasting part is difficult because we're going to proceed slowly with this. We want to be sure. The biggest mistake I think we could make is to move too quickly and to find ourselves in a situation where we're having an impact on user engagement that we didn't anticipate or is hard for us to manage. So I think as we continue to ramp up, we will learn from each change we make and see how quickly, or what kind of speed of ramp-up makes the most sense for us. But I think right now, trying to forecast that is difficult.
David A. Ebersman: And Ken, you asked about lessons learned looking backwards. Obviously, we're disappointed about how the stock has traded, but I think the important thing for us is to stay focused on the fact that we're the same company now as we were before. We've got the same opportunity in front of us to build something really important and valuable over time. And if we stay focused on building great products, we expect and we want to be judged based on the quality of the experiences as we build and the value we can create over the long term.
David A. Ebersman: So Ben, thanks for your question on the looking forward part. I think the 2 things you asked are pretty different, at least from my standpoint. Trying to project operating expenses is, while not easy or precise, we have a fair amount of understanding of how things are trending and what we expect to spend in the second half of the year. So that's why we provided a little bit more specifics in my opening remarks or my prepared remarks about what we expect in terms of operating expense growth. I think revenue growth is just harder to predict, and it's particularly hard to predict when you're really focusing on a new product that you're in the early stages of launching, as we are with Sponsored Stories in News Feed. So as I said, we're pleased with where we are, where we were at the end of June, where we are now. And that's going to make, we hope, a sizable impact on what kinds of performance we can deliver, not just in the second half of the year but over a longer-term horizon because we think this can be, fundamentally, a really important marketing product.
David A. Ebersman: All right. Thank you very much. We're grateful to all of you for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you again next time.
