Sheryl Sandberg: The way we think, I'll take this actually. The way we think about using location data is that every time we use data, we use it in accordance with the privacy controls we offer people and we are working hard at making our ads better targeted. Over time, I think you will see the industry continue to evolve to get better at targeting more ads. We certainly see it as a significant upside for us to get better at targeting more ads, not just from geo-location data but from all kinds of different data we get based on what users do with our service. On brand advertisers, we don't breakout the different marketer segments. Our results this quarter are based on growth in all marketer segments, including brand and we continue to make progress. We have every one of the AdAge Global 100 have advertised with us over the past year. My comment was based on the fact that marketing spend is just not keeping pace with the transition to time on line in mobile in that segment of the market. Since that segment of the market is so big, helping that transition happen present significant upside for us. Our focus there is measurement. We have to show brand marketers that our ads drives in-store-sales and we work on that, we work on that client-by-client to share a few examples from this quarter Cadbury in the U.K. works with us to sell their cream egg product kind of find the table for Halloween to talk about candy to 16 to 24 year old. They used Facebook media for user generated post along with TV, they reached 15 million people, 21% of those people they only reached on Facebook not TV and the combined impact of TV and Facebook where sales were up 9%. Another example because it shows how we can move awareness is the Alfa Romeo 4c launched in Portugal, (inaudible) where a person could do a test drive with a Formula One driver and they got the highest buzz they have ever had in Google Trends for a product launch. So as we think it's a big opportunity ahead of us and you have to work on these clients, account-by-account, client-by-client. But we think as the shift to mobile and digital happens, it's a big opportunity and we are focused on helping that shift happen.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the first. Our growth overall is based on the strong performance of news feed ads, an increase in the number of news feed ads per user and also more marketers. The simplification of products has actually been very important in attracting new marketers. If you look at the new advertisers we acquired in Q3, 62% of them started with either promoted posts or promoted page likes which are the most simple of our advertising formats. So we are continuing to rollout very simple ways to become an advertiser is driving our growth and we will continue to. The larger question you asked was based on our focus of business objectives and that's actually really a big deal for us. We are now getting to the point where our ad product supports really helping marketers achieve their core business objectives. So before, people use to buy via the product, what product do you want to buy. And now they are buying from, I would say, identifying, I want to get mobile app installed. I want to get mobile engagement. I want to get website conversions. I think the fact that we are pivoting to focus on those end business results and making everything else including social a part of meeting those business results is a really important part of our strategy. It's driving our growth and I think it's going to continue to.
Sheryl Sandberg: Top of the funnel ads remain really important to us. Again, our growth this quarter was a very broad based, including top of the funnel ads. The reason they are important is that Facebook is such a unique and powerful discovery place. When you are on Facebook, you are open to discover, you are open to getting messages and that's what we are seeing with news feed messages from friends and with us as well. The key for us is measurement, the way we are really going to make progress is better measurement. It's easier to understand and measure a click that goes to return online sales. It's harder to measure how you - household that see ads and don't see ads change their purchase behavior in stores The thing I think we have done a lot over the last year and we are continuing to do that to put those measurements in place, so I talked on in my opening remarks about measurement of telecom. We have also done a ton of work around CPG, so that we can look at households that saw an ad, households that didn't see in an ad and what their difference is. Just to share one more example, (Inaudible) did a promotion with us for the (Inaudible) in the U.S. They were targeting 35 to 43 seen ads in months, because we were able to do this type of measurement that we could have a year ago, we were able to show that they get side extra turn on their ad spend. We measured household spending who saw their ads versus household who didn't saw their ads and there was a 9% difference. They were also able to tell that a lot of those 9% was driven by new buyers of their products, which is what they want, so I do think we have a big opportunity, I do think the brands are going to continue to need to be convinced account-by-account, but this moves products off shelf and that's what we are doing.
Sheryl Sandberg: Now I will add on videos ads. We do have a video ad product today, because any one can embed a video in page post. And we are actually seeing very good results, particularly around entertainment and media. This is driving some of our ad spend. And the area remains pretty exciting because this is a very compelling way for marketers to tell their story.
Sheryl Sandberg: So last quarter we reported that we had a million active advertisers and that number continues to grow and continues to grow healthily. We believe, globally, we have 20 million small businesses, local businesses of some kind who have pages. So obviously just a fraction of those are advertisers. And I think its one of the most exciting opportunities in front of Facebook. It's really hard to get small businesses to use technological products and 20 million small businesses are using us and we haven't gone out and done aggressive sales efforts to make that happen. Going from having a page that you are using for organic distribution to paid distribution, it's something we are very,-very focused on. It's why we rolled out these simple products. And I think our track record at doing that is good and we plan on getting better at it.
Sheryl Sandberg: So the first question, it's really both. In order to measure all the way from seeing a Facebook ad through to a purchase, particularly when that's offline. That takes work and tools on our side including the data systems and it also takes thinking about measurement on their side. The industry overall is moving. We have been really pleased to see more embracing of multi-click over last step attribution. You can see that happening with a number of big players in the industry. The PMDs are really important here. The PMDs are good at helping people and helping marketers measure. But really the developers' measurement system take our measurement, take industry measurements. Particularly for brand advertisers, they also take some rethinking of the ways they have measured ads and ads' performance before and we work very closely with our clients on that. On mobile app install and mobile engagement ads, we are very focused on growing across the board. We want growth in all of our marketer segments and we want to grow that broadly across the world. Developers are really interesting place for us, because we think not only do we have we think the best mobile ad product in general, because people spend a lot of their time in news feed. They spend more time in news feed than they spend on any other part of our service. That gives us an opportunity to sell ads broadly, but it also gives a great opportunity for developers, because the developers want people to do happen on their mobile phones and on their desktop. Mobile app install ads have been very successful for us and they are interesting, because the mobile app install market didn't even exist a few years ago. I think the move to rollout engagement ads further deepens our relationship with developers and shows that we can help different users and then we can get those users to continuously use their products, so we are pretty excited about this part of market, because we think it can grow quickly and we think our ad products and offerings are so unique.
Sheryl Sandberg: To your second question, direct response including e-commerce continues to perform well. We have high click-through competitive CPC, so we are attractive from marketers. When you think about verticals, I think we have very tremendous opportunity in basically all of them. Things that are performing particularly well right now financial services, media and entertainment, e-commerce, professional services. But if you look to a vertical like auto, that we haven't historically been strong in, I think we are starting to make real inroads, client-by-client, like the Alfa Romeo case study I showed, because we had such a great opportunity to engage the people they want to reach. Our targeting is also getting better. So with custom audiences and partner categories, we are able to identify, here the people you want to show your ads to who, we believe are in the market to buy a car, for example. And so the combination of the measurement work we are doing and the ability to target, I think means we have a strong play in every vertical.
Sheryl Sandberg: So what we announced last week is a small test with 10 advertisers to start showing ad in the Instagram feed. And we are excited about it because there is a lot of interest and a lot of excited brands. When you think about ads being exciting and engaging, I think we think about two things. We think about ads that fit the format of the product that they are part of. So the Instagram ads right now are the pictures and videos which are exactly what people post on Instagram. If you look at the progress we have made with our news feed ads, those ads, those in the size, the shape. You know they got larger when they moved over from the right hand side, right hand column but they are also meant to be as exciting, as engaging as the content. So our goal is, we want our ads to be as good as the user shared content. Some of them are, a lot of them aren't. We have a lot of room to grow in improving that quality. But in terms of the excitement you will see or the interest, that is our goal. And we are just going to match the format of the products we are working with as we rollout ads.
Sheryl Sandberg: So we don't break out our business by marketer segment and we don't give margins by marketer segment. But to help answer you question, we have seeing strong growth across all of our marketer segment. All of them are growing brands, growing direct response and E-commerce are growing, F&B and local businesses are growing, developers are growing. We definitely think there is a big opportunity for those to grow same-store sales of our large clients, particularly with the shift that's happening from TV to digital and mobile. We think that there is a really exciting opportunity. We also think SMBs are a big opportunity for us and certainly in an advertiser base of over a million advertisers, the great majority of that is obviously the small to medium sized businesses. We worked hard on our sales efforts, so that we have the right sales and support effort to meet our clients. We care about our margins. We certainly have simplified products such as we have rolled out over the last year, make it easier and cheaper for SMBs to use our products. Easier for them and cheaper for us. And we will continue to focus on the automated tools that help. I think the most important thing we have done on this goes back to an earlier question about focusing on marketer objective. Before we were asking marketers to come in and choose what ad products they were buying. With our shift to focusing on marketer objectives, it's easier for everyone from largest to the smallest. You know, a small business owner can come in and say, I want my app install or I want web conversions or I want web clicks and then we are doing the harder work of figuring out what products are there, figuring out which of those ads should have digital content, so that we can meet those objectives I think that move of moving more towards using their language and focusing on their business needs is a simpler product for them. It will help gain us more marketers and it helps us work with them in a more efficient way.
David Ebersman: Yes. I just want to answer the part of question about the product experience over time. I know there are two pieces of this that we are thinking about related to the knowledge economy. The first is just helping our customers use information better to grow their businesses and create jobs. Right. So we are thinking about small businesses and making it so they can have better insights into who their customers are and better ability to reach them. Now developers have been able to use better analytics for being able to find new customers as well. And those are a lot of the inspiration and the strategy behind the ad products that we are delivering. On the side of the product experiences that we are creating for people who use Facebook, right now I do think that the Facebook experience is very push based, in that you go to Facebook and we are suggesting content to you through something like news feed. Overtime, I think, if we do a good job, we should be able to create more value through all of the knowledge that has been shared over time that we are not really surfacing on a day-to-day basis right now in terms of helping people answer a lot of different questions that they have around the world. That's kind of the direction that we are starting to go in with Graph Search and a few other areas as well. But it's pretty early. So I think around a five year time frame like you are saying, hopefully we will make very significant progress towards going in that direction.
David Ebersman: Mark, thanks for your question. This is David. Truly not possible to tease out individual contributions because the way the auction works, everything is dependent, so if we have fewer ads that's going to play out with different pricing and other sorts of things, so I can give you sort of our gut feel for it, but I can't quantify precisely. If you look at overall ad revenue growth for example on that third quarter compared to the second quarter, there is probably three factors that are contributed materially that are important to understand. One is just growth in users. Second is growth in demand, which plays out into pricing. Then the third is an increase in the number of ads that we showed in news feed per users. I would probably order the ad load, probably third of the straight relative to the sequential growth. I think it plays out a little bit differently on mobile versus web. On mobile, we really increased the number of ads as a percentage of the overall mobile experience quite modestly in the third quarter versus the second quarter. On web, the increase in the number of ads or the percentage of ads in the web news feed experience went up more significantly than mobile did in the third quarter versus the second.
David Ebersman: So I thought you asked what we mean when we say ad volume won't increase. So the first thing I would say is, I would frame that in the context as a percentage of the user experience. Obviously, if we can drive more engagement that provides more opportunity for us to show more ads. In general, I think your question referenced whether this was geographic. The ad load in news feed is reasonably consistent across the world. It's a little bit less in the least developed markets because we have less advertiser there. But it's not different grossly different. So I think that comment holds generally across most of the markets where we make our advertising dollars. In terms of relative to the 5%. So what we said last quarter was that, of the total volume of stories in news feed, about 5% of those were ads. As I said on the last question, the mobile piece of that didn't change very substantially in the third quarter versus the second. The web percentage did go up. So if you mix those two together, the Q3 number would be modestly higher than the 5% number from Q2.
David Ebersman: Hi, Mark. In terms of OpEx growth, so we are continuing to invest aggressively in the business with particular emphasis on technical hiring and building out our infrastructure. At the same time, we are trying to do this in a disciplined fashion making sure that all the investments we make and the dollars we spend are spent wisely in terms of furthering our mission and creating returns for the company. I am really quite pleased with how things are going in that regard in 2013. From an R&D standpoint, we are really on track for anything ahead of what we expected to be in terms of hiring and spend. And that's surely the most important area for us in terms of investing to drive future growth. In other areas of the business, such as cost of revenue, G&A, marketing and sales, I think we are ramping up spend less than we anticipated for a couple of reasons. One is better success than we expected in some of the efficiency projects that are helping to keep the company small, even as revenue ramps up. A second reason is, some slower than expected ramp up in both hiring in new projects. And then the third contributing factor is just we have in the budget some expectations for the unplanned stuff that comes along that can drive spend, like an asset acquisition or something like that and we really haven't spent this much money as we have expected in the unplanned areas.
David Ebersman: Carlos, the second part of your question about draft legislation or discussion about companies needing to store data locally in various companies, it's an interesting question and definitely something we are tracking, but the answer is really going to depend on the details of what that looks like. It's very hard assess what kind of implication it would have for company like Facebook without understanding what we would need to do, so, we will continue to pay less attention to it, but really hard to give anything in the way of the specific answer at this point.
David Ebersman: Sure, Ross. So I think if you look back over the last year, some of the metrics that I think have been most positive for us have been, as we have ramped from a very low volume, very few ads shown in news feeds to larger numbers, what one could reasonably have expected given the way the auction dynamics work, is that the pricing would really come down as we were delivering more clicks and as we were I think deeper into the pool of the advertising demand. And the way pricing has really held up and click rates have held up and CPCs have held up, as we have progressed through this over the last year, I think has really validated our confidence that news feed ads were going to be really important product that could really drive the performance of the business. So we remain really encouraged and pleased by that. Going forward. Clearly, we will try to continue to grow the user base, as you described, and that's been an important part of our revenue growth since the company started. And the other opportunity is for us is continue to improve the quality, the relevance and the performance of the ads and to drive up pricing by bringing more demand into our system. We are certainly doing a good job of that right now and we have got to continue to execute.
Mark Zuckerberg: The experience with video on Instagram has been very positive so far, right? I think that we proved that having a quick start auto play can be a good experience inline in the feed and that people really feel they are in and control they are experience. They can just grow if they don't like content. If it's good content then that can be really good, so we are heartened by that. This is that important launch for Facebook overall, because the addition of video content to the stream could be one of the most positive things that we have done in a long time for making it more engaging, but if we do it quarterly then it could also be a negative thing and we are trying to take our time to make sure that we do this in a very positive way and I am pretty confident that we will. But that's why you are seeing us take the process that we have on this.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, and to your question about on how do we make the knowledge that's been shared in Facebook more useful. The first thing we needed to do is just index it all and build the infrastructure to start being able to use it in different ways. I mean the first data for Graph Search, we had indexed to more than a trillion connections, friendship connections, group membership, like connections and then for post search, we indexed more than a trillion of the post that people that people have put into the system. The basic insight that we think we are operating on here, is that right now a lot of the behavior and engagement on Facebook is very day-to-day where you are sharing something and Facebook is the best place for you to share photos or events that's going on in your life and if you go to news feed and see what's going on with the people around you. What has happened is that, over the past almost 10 years of this behavior, this amazing base of knowledge has been build up, but there is trillions of pieces of content and information that now we are just trying to find different ways to expose and basically make that more useful to people instead of just the stuff that's been shared in the last day or so. Graph Search is one way that you can see that coming to light in terms of people being able to do directed queries for different types of content. There are other kind of services that we think we can build as well that just a few people more utility from the corpus of knowledge that's been built out and that's going to be a big focus for us over the next few years.
Mark Zuckerberg: Well. I mean, we care a lot about that. In terms of the shareholder value that we are generating as well. I think in the recent results and what I said at the end of my remarks there was that, we are going to keep on planting seeds for our future growth while continuing to build momentum now and I know that's a philosophy that we have taken in term of building the company. We generally wanted to be profitable as such, but I don't think we are going to commit or have any specific guidance on this right now.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. Sure. On your question about the graph of Facebook, the graph that people share on Facebook versus the web overall, I think they are pretty different. In terms of quantity, they are getting to a pretty comparable size, so engineers on the graph search teams have told me folks who have worked on other web search engines before tell me that the scale of things like post search are as big or bigger than any web search index that's out there but they are they are just different used cases with different kinds of knowledge and people are going to use them for different things, so our approach with Graph Search is not to build something which is web search. I mean, we think that companies have done that and they are doing a good job at that, but there is different kinds of knowledge. Things that you want more opinion on from people that you trust that I think is kind of a late inside Facebook that we need to do a better job of servicing that, so that's going to be the focus on that. I mean, over time, there are a lot of possibilities for things that we can do and I am not really ready to talk about a lot of them today, but you can kind of look at what we have launched in the couple of the Graph Search launches that we have done so far and we are pretty early in that journey.
Mark Zuckerberg: The launch of hashtags was more just following behavior that we see from people, right? All we really did was take hashtag that people are putting into the product and make them linked, so if you could find other posts that have the same tag. The effort that I think you are latching on to is basically we are putting some more effort now into both, public content on Facebook and more private content, right? As there are a bunch of different sets of people that a person will want to share with, one is all of their friends, but a lot of the sharing and the communication done is one-on-one in messaging or with small groups or with the communities. Then there is a large set of content that's public, which is often very high quality content as well and we have efforts in all of those areas to make a set people can share all of those different kinds of contents on Facebook. That's going to be something that we are going to continue to do.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. You are asking about the effectiveness of some of the public content efforts that we have done. I think it's starting to do very well and we are very pleased with it. Some of the questions that we have gotten has asked if this is an area that we have started focusing on recently, which actually it isn't something we have been working on for a while, but I think the question as a sign that the results are starting to be quite good and folks are starting to note it. The traffic that we are driving and the higher quality content that's public that people came for us on Facebook, so we are going to keep focusing on this. It's not just about public content, it's about giving people the power to share with every different audience that they want, weather it's most private one-on-one communication and tread up to the most public content that you want to get out for everyone in the world to be able to consume, down the road we are going to keep watching all of that.
