Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I can start with generative AI. Yes, I think this is a really exciting area. And I mean, I’d say the two biggest themes that focused on for this year and one is efficiency and then the kind of the new product area is going to be the generative AI work. We have a bunch of different work streams across almost every single one of our products to use the new technologies, especially the large language models and diffusion models for generating images and videos and avatars and 3D assets and all kinds of different stuff across all of the different work streams that we’re working on, as well as over the long-term, working on things that could really empower creators to be way more productive and creative across the apps and run a lot of different accounts. So I know there is some really exciting stuff here. I want to be careful not to kind of get too far ahead of the development of it. So I think you’ll see us launch a number of different things this year, and we will talk about them, and we will share updates on how they are doing. I do expect that the space will move quickly. I think we will learn a lot about what works and what doesn’t. A lot of the stuff is expensive, right, to kind of generate an image or a video or a chat interaction. These things we’re talking about, like cents or fraction of a cent. So one of the big interesting challenges here also is going to be how do we scale this and make this work more efficient so way we can bring it to a much larger user base. But I think once we do that, there are going to be a number of very exciting use cases. I realize this is a pretty high-level answer for now, but I think that we will be able to share more details over the coming months.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. I mean the way I’ve always looked at – I can take the first part of this, is that for these consumer products, often building up and scaling the product use case is a somewhat different discipline than working on the monetization. So it’s such a kind of hard problem to build these new types of products that you want to give the teams as much clarity and as simple of goals as possible. So in the beginning, just saying, okay, just let’s make something that works for people. And then once we get to many hundreds of millions of people or billions of people using it, then we will focus on ramping up the monetization, which has been a formula that’s worked for us. That’s the general approach. Now with Reels, we do have a lot of people using it now. So I think at this point, the question is, is there any strategic advantage to letting it scale further than will be – than would be profitable to do? And I think at the scale that it’s at right now, it’s not clear that there is much strategic advantage. I mean there are certain flywheels, and you get certain more feedback or data points from a little bit more distribution. But at this point, we’re at pretty good scale. So I think for now, the right thing to do is to work on monetization efficiency. And we know that there is demand to see some more Reels. And as we naturally improve the monetization efficiency, which I have confidence in because the teams are doing good work, and that’s been working, I shared the stat about it, the efficiency doubling over the last 6 months on Facebook, I think as we can continue some of those trends, then we will naturally just unlock the ability to show more and more Reels, and we will continue to grow from there. But that’s the overall approach. I do think that our philosophy of building these consumer products, focusing on getting them to hundreds of millions or billions of people and then focusing on monetization beyond that and bringing that in as the balance is the right approach. It served us well. You can expect us to continue doing that on future things that we do, including some – hopefully, some of the new generative AI products or some of the new Metaverse stuff that we’re doing. We’re going to take the same approach there as well.
Mark Zuckerberg: Alright. And I can give some color on – and I think there was a question about how we’re thinking about this efficiency theme as it applies to Reality Labs over time. I guess there are two ways that I think this applies. The first thing is, I think it’s important to not just think about Reality Labs as one thing, right? There are like three major areas, right? There is the augmented reality work long-term, which is actually the biggest area, but hasn’t – but it’s still a large research problem. There is a lot of work there that we haven’t actually shipped the product yet. VR, which is starting to ramp, right, Quest 2, I think, did quite well. We have multiple product lines there with the Quest Pro. And then the smallest by kind of budget size today is the Metaverse software program. And that’s – it doesn’t reflect the importance of it. I think the software and social platform might be the most critical part of what we’re doing, but software is just a lot less capital intensive to build than the hardware. So it’s the smallest part of the program. And within each of those areas, there are a lot of different things that we’re doing. So just like any project that we would run we’re constantly learning from how the products that we’ve shipped are doing, how the market is evolving overall, how competitors are doing, and what reaction they are seeing to different things, and what experiments are being played out. And we’re kind of constantly tuning the road map. And obviously, some of these are longer-term things, right? So you start planning out the hardware that you’re going to ship 2, 3 years in advance. But we’re kind of constantly looking at the signals and learning and making decisions about what it makes sense to do forward. So that’s definitely going to continue. And we will – even though I’m – none of the signals that I’ve seen so far suggests that we should shift the Reality Lab strategy long-term. We are constantly adjusting the specifics of how we adjust – of how we execute this. So I think that we will certainly look at that as part of the ongoing efficiency work. The other piece is just different tactics, things like trying to flatten the org, things like that. Those are going to apply across the whole company. So we expect that within the road map that we’re trying to execute, both on Reality Labs and Family of Apps, we just want to focus on making all of our work more efficient. A lot of the time, when people talk about efficiency, there is a lot of focus on prioritization and which big things can you cut. But I actually think what makes you a better company over time is being able to execute and do more things because you’re operating more efficiently, and you can get things done with fewer resources. So I’d like to kind of get us to that mode more, which I guess gets me to a higher level point in this, which is I just think we’re in – we’ve entered somewhat of a phase change for the company, where we just grew so quickly for like the first 18 years of the company’s growth. And it’s very hard to really crank on efficiency while you’re growing that quickly. And I just think we’re in a different environment now where we have a bunch of areas that, I mean, you’re still extremely exciting and growing quickly for the future, where I think the right strategy will be to focus on kind of top line growth. But I think a lot of what we do, it really just makes sense to really focus on the efficiency a lot more than we had previously and making sure that we can do that work more effectively. For what it’s worth, I think if we do that well, it will be – I think we will be able to do better product work. And I think it will be a more fun place for people to work because I think they are going to get more stuff done. So I’m pretty committed to this, and it’s going to go across all of the different things that we’re doing.
Mark Zuckerberg: I am not exactly sure what would be useful to share here. But in general, a lot of the gains that we are seeing on the discovery engine overall, which we basically used to refer to our AI recommendation system across Facebook and Instagram across all different content types of which Reels is sort of a special case, and that’s growing the fastest with short-form video. But a lot of this is – I mean there is not like one specific data type that’s useful. A lot of the trends that we are seeing here is, we are using larger models, which require more computation. We have shifted the models from being more CPU-based to being GPU-based. We have seen big improvements in the amount of time and engagement that we have gotten. And we – it’s a little bit hard for us to predict exactly how much we will be able to continue tuning those and improving. But from the experience that we have had so far, I would bet that there is still pretty significant upside there. I know that you kind of asked about specific data points, but I think that that’s really the theme that we are seeing. And that applies across Reels and the rest of the discovery engine. The – one thing that I would add, it’s a little bit separate from your question, but we do spend most of the time talking about Reels, so maybe it’s worth giving some color on the rest of the discovery engine work, which is, it has also been doing quite well and is much more incremental to the rest of the business because if people end up being able to discover additional photos or links or groups or things like that in Facebook or just interesting content across Instagram, then they are just more engaged in the product. And we already know how to monetize that content. So, that ends up being really helpful both for the overall engagement, not very cannibalistic at all and already profitable. So, that’s – we have spent less time talking about that because I get that Reels is sort of the faster-growing area. But we do still expect that as a percent of the overall feeds in Facebook and Instagram, recommended content will continue growing. I don’t know if it will be a majority by the end of this year, but maybe it will be 30%-ish, 40%, something in that zone, and continuing to grow because we can just find content that people are going to be interested in that may not be from accounts that they have followed directly. So, hopefully, that’s some useful color on what we are seeing across those efforts.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. So, I mean on the efficiency point, I think we come to it from a few places. I mean one is just like the journey of the company. And for the first 18 years, I think we grew at 20%, 30% compound or a lot more every year, right. And then obviously, that changed very dramatically in 2022, where our revenue was negative for the growth for the first time in the company’s history. So, that was a pretty big step down. And we don’t anticipate that, that’s going to continue, but I also don’t think it’s going to necessarily go back to the way it was before. So, I do think this is a pretty rapid phase change there that I think just forced us to basically take a step back and say, okay, we can’t just treat everything like it’s hyper growth. There are going to be some areas that are going to be very rapidly growing or that are very kind of future investments that we want to make. But we also have a lot of things now that are – just kind of have a lot of people using them and support large amounts of business and that we think we should operate somewhat differently. So, there is that piece of it. But the other part of it that I would say is that as we started doing the work, I actually think it makes us better, right. And that was somewhat unexpected, right. I kind of historically would have thought that this would just occupy some amount of our mind space and that, that would be more of a trade-off against how we are able to build products and get things done. But at this point, I am actually fairly optimistic that there are a pretty good roadmap of things that we can do that will just make us more efficient and actually better able to build the things that we want. Not all of them will help save money, right. So, for example, focusing on AI tools to help improve engineer productivity, it’s not necessarily going to reduce costs. Although over the long-term, maybe it will make it so we can have fewer – we just hire less, right, and stay a smaller company for longer. But I do think things like reducing layers of management just make it so information flows better through the company and so you can make faster decisions. And I think ultimately, that will help us not only make better products, but I think it will help us attract and retain the best people who want to work in a faster-moving environment. And so that honestly was a little bit surprising, right, that as we started digging into this that the company would actually start to feel better to me. And I don’t know how long that will – like how long the roadmap is, if things that what we can continue to do where that will be the case. But I do think we have a good amount of things like that. So, that’s why I am really focused on this now. And I do want to continue to emphasize the dual goals here of making the company a better technology company and increasing our profitability. They are both important, but I think it’s also really important to focus on the first one of just making it a better company because that way, even if we outperform our business goals this year, I just want to communicate, especially the people inside the company that we are going to stick with this, because I think it’s just going to make us a better company over the long-term. So, I think that’s it for now.
Susan Li: Thanks, Brian. On your questions about CapEx, so your first question was about the new data center architecture that we talked about, which is underpinning the lower CapEx outlook. So we’re shifting our data centers to a new architecture that can more efficiently support both AI and non-AI workloads. And that’s going to give us more optionality as we better understand our demand for AI over time. Additionally, we’re expecting that the new design will be cheaper and faster to build than previous data center architecture. Along with the new data center architecture, we’re going to optimize our approach to building data centers. So we have a new phased approach that allows us to build base plans with less initial capacity and less initial capital outlay, but then flex up future capacity quickly if needed. We’re still planning to grow AI capacity significantly, and that connects, I think, to a lot of the things that Mark was describing earlier in his question. In terms of longer-run capital intensity, we certainly expect that the lower CapEx outlook will have some incremental benefit to CapEx as a percent of revenue, and that’s still really something that we are focused on over the longer term. The current surge in CapEx is really due to the building out of AI infrastructure, which we really began last year and are continuing into this year. We will be measuring the ROI of these AI investments, and their returns will continue to inform our future spend. Our intention is still to bring CapEx as a percent of revenue down, but capital intensity in the nearest term is really going to depend, in part, on the revenue outlook and our needs to further build AI capacity for future demand.
Susan Li: On your third question, Eric, we are not quantifying the gap in monetization efficiency between Reels and other services. We know it took us several years to bring the gap close between Stories and Feed Ads. And we expect that this will take longer for Reels. Having said that, we are still roughly on track to bring the overall Reels revenue headwind to a neutral place by the end of this year or early next year and we are planning to do that through both improving Reels monetization efficiency and growing incremental engagement from Reels.
Susan Li: I will start with the 2023, the expense outlook. So, the primary components of the reduction in the 2023 expense outlook are across three areas. The first is slower payroll growth. So, we are continuing to scrutinize how we allocate resources across the company on this. We have a broad hiring freeze in place right now. And we continue to expect a slower pace of hiring in the year as we evaluate what roles we are going to open. I will role in the answer to your second question here, which is this is an ongoing process for us. We don’t presently have a hiring target to share for the end of the year. The second component of the lower expense outlook is on cost of revenue. We are expecting slower growth. Depreciation here is impacted by us extending the useful lives of non-AI servers in Q4. And then the third component is our outlook now reflects an estimated $1 billion in facilities’ consolidation charges. That’s down from the prior $2 billion estimate that we gave in the last guidance range since a portion of the previously estimated charges were already recognized in Q4 2022. So, those are really the big – those are really the primary issues as it pertains to the lower expense outlook. Your second question was on the issues in Europe around Meta using data to target ads. So, I think if you are referring to the EU DPC ruling that we have to change our approach regarding our reliance on contractual necessity as a legal basis for ads in Europe, that’s a decision. We don’t agree with it. We believe that our current approach is GDPR compliant, and we are appealing the substance of the rulings and the fines. We don’t expect that those decisions are going to affect our ability to provide personalized advertising in the EU, and that advertisers should be able to continue to use our platforms to reach customers and grow their businesses.
Susan Li: Thanks Justin. On ATT, I think what I would say is there is still certainly an absolute headwind to our revenue number. That is the impact of the ATT changes being in place. Having said that, we are lapping its rollout and adoption and we are making progress in mitigating the impact due to a lot of the work that both Javi and I just talked about, including the different advertiser tools, including ad formats that bring conversions on-site and including the longer term AI investments in privacy-enhancing technologies. The second part of your question was on, oh, anything from Android and other headwinds. On Android, it’s too early to know where this will land. I think Google is taking an approach that is collaborating with the industry, which we think is critical, and we will have updates as more time elapses there. And then your third – the third part of your question, I think was on regulatory issues in the EU, I think this was on DSA. We are expecting – we have been preparing for some time to comply with DSA and meet the compliance deadlines that we expect to come into effect this year. Those are meaningful but manageable segment of costs. We have been preparing for a long time, and those costs have been factored already into our total expense guidance.
Susan Li: Thanks. I am happy to take the first question. So certainly, the lower expense outlook and CapEx outlook puts us in a better position in terms of financial performance for this year. We are I think still – we are focused on the goal that Mark outlined, I think last quarter of delivering compounding earnings growth, while enabling aggressively in the future technology. And that continues to be the principle by which we are – by which we are guiding our financial plans. The second question is on update – oh, on the health of the broader digital ad space. I can take – I can start with this and Javi, you should feel free to jump in if you want to add more color. Q4, for us, we saw that the holiday season, for us, fell mostly within our range of expectations. Trends in online commerce modestly improved for us, which is encouraging, but again, the growth was still negative year-over-year. So, overall, I think this is still a pretty volatile macro environment. It’s early in the year to know how this will shape up for 2023. And if there is anything, Javi, you would like to add, you can jump in.
Susan Li: Yes. Sorry, I will go ahead and take the first question about Realty Labs, and Javi, you can take the second question on shop ads. On Reality Labs, we still expect our full year Reality Labs losses to increase in 2023, and we are going to continue to invest meaningfully in this area given the significant long-term opportunities that we see. It is a long-duration investment, and our investments here are underpinned by the accompanying need to drive overall operating profit growth while we are making these investments. I will turn it to Javi on the shop ads.
Susan Li: Thanks. This is Susan. On the click-to-messaging ads, so we are – this is one of our fastest-growing ads products. And we believe that they are bringing incremental demand onto our platform. I mentioned in my script that over half of click-to-message advertisers exclusively use click-to-message ads on our platform. In terms – you asked how we are going to scale and I think there are a couple of dimensions. In terms of demand, I think the biggest piece here is getting more businesses to adopt click-to-messaging ads via creating more entry points, simplifying creation flows. We are trying to integrate with partners who can help smaller businesses scale. So, there is a lot of work going on there. On the performance side, we are continuing to focus on just driving up the ROI that advertisers get from click-to-messaging ads. We are trying to give advertisers the ability to do more down-funnel optimization, create better in-thread experiences and simplify flows that help them drive conversion. And then ultimately, we are always focused on growing supply and in this case, growing the business messaging ecosystem by creating more ways for people and businesses to connect across our messaging app. So, I think an example of that would be something like business direct research on WhatsApp. So, it’s an opportunity we are very excited about and we have invested a lot in and we have seen very healthy growth. I will turn it to Mark on the efficiency question.
Susan Li: Thanks Brent. For – I mean for Q1, we are – our guidance range of $26 billion to $28.5 billion corresponds to negative 7% to plus 2% year-over-year growth. And it reflects a wide range of uncertainty given the continuation of the general macro environment that we have been operating in. Again, we are pleased with the core engagement trends that we have talked about and the performance improvements that we are delivering for advertisers with our monetization work and our investments in AI. And we expect FX to be less of a headwind to year-over-year growth in Q1 than it was in Q4. But again, we are keeping a close eye on advertising demand and on the ongoing macroeconomic volatility.
Javier Olivan: So on the advertisers reaction to Reels. We continue working on enabling more advertisers to participate in Reels app, more formats, more objectives, more tools to create them. And we’ve been making good progress with now over 40% of our advertisers use Reels across our apps. And between Direct Response versus brand, we are actually seeing progress with both, but Direct Response continues to be where advertisers are focused. And just as an example, Outletcity, which is a German fashion retailer, developed – created specifically for Reels to test the impact of conversions. And they found that Reels resulted in a 19x higher ROIs, 89% lower cost per purchase, and 9x higher lift in sales. So overall, very good results.
Javier Olivan: Yes. And I think, Susan, you touched on most of it, I think if you look at the strategy on ads, we really have two parts, which is continue investing in AI and that’s where we are seeing a lot of the improvement in ads relevance. And as Mark was saying, we saw over 20% more conversions than in the prior year, which, combined with the decline in cost per acquisition, results on high ROIs. We also use it for automated experiences for the advertisers, improvements on measurement, which allow advertisers to do better decisions. But the second part is bringing more conversions onsite, which are also obviously helping offsetting this Signal loss. Indeed, we are reframing the column of the Signal growth opportunity. And one example we believe that where just to give another example, IRIS [ph], which is an online marketing and sales automation agency in Italy for hotels and resorts. They use this app to collect a higher volume of qualified links at a lower cost, so basically compared to offsite leads [indiscernible]. They managed to achieve a 2x more final bookings with onsite leads, 4x more qualified leads than onsite based on a 2.7x lower cost per lead with onsite versus the alternative option in the lead acquisition offsite.
Javier Olivan: Yes. So, in Q4, we continued to test shop ads in the U.S., and we are seeing increased performance by helping direct the consumer to the place where they are most likely to purchase. So, it’s early to know, but we really finally saw product market fit in the test. It’s off a small base. But to just give you a sense, we saw triple-digit growth in both revenue and adoption across Q4. And we expect this growth to normalize to a lower level in 2023. And the shop ads beta has a revenue run rate in the hundreds of millions of dollars. So, that gives you a small base. It’s a small revenue run rate yet, but it’s growing rapidly. And we expect it to continue, but normalize to more lower levels in 2023.
