Sheryl Sandberg: I will take the first question. In terms of our ads priorities, they are what I mentioned, mobile, measurements and product innovation. We are particularly focused on improving the quality of our ads because we think that is the best way to have a great experience for users on Facebook as well as for marketers. I think if you look at the success of Custom Audiences, Partner Categories, FBX, what you see in that are products all move us towards better targeting, more relevance, better experience for users and for our marketers. And we are going to continue to invest very heavily in making the ad experiences as high return as they can for everyone involved.
Sheryl Sandberg: So on Atlas you are exactly right. Our focus with Atlas is on impression based ads. And the idea is that, you know historically a lot of ads online which were more based on search, the attribution was always that last click. And as people have looked more holistically at all the ad spending they are doing, what they find is that it's not just the last click that matters but it's all the impressions leading up to that click. Importantly, we also drive sales offline. And offline people aren’t clicking through the purchase at all but they are actually walking into a store. So in some sense there is no last click. And so our focus with Atlas is to take that technology and enable us to improve our ability to connect ad impressions to purchase behavior both offline and online, and not just on clicks but across different ad purchases people do. So that’s exactly why we made that purchase.
Sheryl Sandberg: So, I'm very encouraged about our opportunity to sell ads all over the world. One thing I've learnt in my time selling ads on the internet, which is going over a decade now, is that markets that you don't expect to have ad markets develop faster than you would think. So if you were to ask me seven years ago what Turkey's ad market would look like, I would not have predicted it as today. So I'm increasingly encouraged by small businesses around the world and large businesses, and their adoption of the technology. I think with small businesses we have an actually really deep competitive advantage, which is that people all around the world use Facebook. So when small businesses who are historically way too busy to spend a lot of time using technologies, start to use the Facebook platform, they are using something they already use as users. So once you have a timeline or a profile, setting up a page is not a very big ask because you understand it and you are doing it anyway. And that's why we think with almost no direct effort we have 16 million small businesses actively using Facebook pages. I think one of the things we have done well over the past number of quarters is build out simplified ad products like Promoted Posts, where it's easy for those people who are using pages and it happens all over the world typically on the advertisers and we are increasingly optimistic that we can do more and more of that.
Sheryl Sandberg: I'll take the second part. So video is a really exciting area because we have leveraged our scale and engagement and our ability to provide relevant ads. We have a video product out today. Advertisers can embed a video in their page post, and we're seeing really strong results. I think both because of that and because of marketers' inherent liking video as a format, we continue to explore new things as well, but we don't have anything to announce today.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the first -- I think there's a lot of room to improve our ads. I don't know whether that'll take the format of different formats. I think more of it will be in terms of quality because I think we feel pretty good about our formats. But one of the main pushes we had is to make each ad a better experience for users, content in those ads, which is as good as the content they'll see from a friend or anything else on the site, as well as make those higher return for marketers and those two go hand in hand. I think the place you will see the most from us is more around targeting, around ability to take the formats we have and make the ads better within those formats. That’s certainly our focus now. But as our site evolves and our product evolves, we never rule out changing the format as well.
Sheryl Sandberg: Our main focus with Atlas is our own measurement, that being able to measure Facebook ads all the way through to purchase and then compare those on an apples to apples play with other ad purchases you make not on Facebook is really important to drive marketer engagement with us and that's our focus. We have no plans for launching that network. We also don’t break out -- we’re not breaking out the revenues from Atlas.
Sheryl Sandberg: There are lots of types of big marketers. There are big marketers out there who are direct marketers. There are also big marketers who are brand marketers. I think the question probably is about the brand so that's how I’ll answer it, even though it’s worth noting that there are big advertisers across the spectrum of different type of ad buys. As I’ve said before, the thing about brand advertisers is that they got very used to TV and they got very used to search and we are a third thing. And we will win that business client by client, CMO by CMO. It’s something I personally spend a lot of time on and I think we have a great team in the field again. With some of the big brand advertisers, we have been working with them for years and years. A lot of the data and measurement you hear us talking about are studies we’ve done with them based on campaigns that we’ve run with. And I think we have a lot of belief at the top and in many of them we are in the process of going through their companies and getting that same commitment to buy. So we’ll have a CMO who has seen the value, we’ve proven the value and really wants the company to come along. And now we are in the process of working brand by brand, region by region to get that same buy-in lower in the organization, which actually takes more time not surprisingly. With other brand marketers, they are just in a testing phase and they really haven't done enough with us so that we can even do the studies to prove the value. And so the good news with us is we're engaged with all 100, Ad Age 100. So everyone is buying with us on an annual basis and we're working client by client to bring them along that spectrum. The good news is I think we're increasingly proving that we can return on ad spend in different parts of the purchase funnel. So to share one recent example, MGM Resorts have used a different suite of Facebook products to address different customers at different parts of the purchase funnel. They used offers to acquire new customers and they saw a three times return on ad spend. Then they used FBX to retarget people who were in their booking process and dropped out and that gave them a 15 times return on ad spend. And then for past guests who had completed a purchase but hadn’t come back, they used custom audiences to target them to return and they got a five times return. And I think it's experiences like that where we show the breadth of what we can do that really move us forward with the brand spenders.
Sheryl Sandberg: On Page post, Page post ads first appeared May of last year and then we just put them into News Feed in March of 2013. In terms of unpublished, what that just means is the ability to target Page post only to the right people. So, for example, without posting it to everyone on your page. For example, if you are a retailer and there was a snow storm in one state, you could target snow shovels or other relevant stuff you want to sell for snow storms only to people in that state. So, it's just a really useful way of segmenting your audience, again part of our overall push to relevant targeting and quality. We're really excited about Page post ads. Over 7.5 million posts have been promoted by pages. Over 30% of the people using the product are new advertisers basically. And I think that speaks to one of the earlier questions on small-to-medium business and their adoption. If you say to an SMB, do you want to become an advertiser, that's a heavy lift. If you say to them, you have a page, you've posted something, do you want to pay a few dollars to promote this post to reach more people, that is a much easier on ramp to advertising spend with us and we think it's working really well.
Sheryl Sandberg: Great. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your time and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. I will just emphasize the same point. I mean the things I am most excited about are things that are driving quality. I mean the two big levers for the business are, a, obviously a lot of people spend a lot of time using Facebook to stay connected with all the people around them. And second, that is an opportunity to advertise. But I actually think over the long term, the thing that’s going to drive the business to most is getting the ads to be very high quality. Personalize, good content in there. And a lot of the things that we are doing are aligned with that. So App install, a lot of that stuff is just good content that people are interested and there is no great way to find app stores today to discover a lot of apps on mobile devices. Similarly, I talked about the News Feed redesign that we are rolling out. And the content in there is much more visual. And we have always had the policy that the advertising content will display in exactly the same way that the consumer content display is. And making it so that people can share a much more visual content. Making that naturally advertisements can now have the same kind of compelling creative as well, which I think will increase the quality of that and overtime increase the effectiveness as well.
Mark Zuckerberg: All right, I’ll start. I think that the trend of more different form factors I think is somewhat orthogonal from the main trend that we see which is just people sharing more in different ways. And people want to stay connected with their friends and family and all these different folks in their lives and they’re going to use whatever technology they have to enable that, whether that’s desktop computers or laptops or phones or tablets or glasses, like whatever the products are. And I think that there’s going to be good ways for people to be able to consume a social content on all of those. So I think the big question for us is just which platforms do we see growing the quickest? We’re not tooled up as a company right now to make 10 huge investments like that at a time. But we can do a couple. Certainly in tablets are growing very quickly and I think that’s going to be increasingly important. But I think that consuming social content and staying connected with people is such a fundamental human need that that’s going to be important on all of these. And getting ads in newsfeed was a valuable step in making it so that everywhere where someone is consuming content from Facebook, the business model goes along with that naturally. And those were the early challenges that we had with mobile with ad for the first six or seven years of Facebook we’re just this right hand column and nothing trends like in mobile. But it was fairly easy with some amount of work just to make that transition. We’re there now and now I think whatever the form factor is going forward we’ll be able to deliver advertising content in a proportion that we think is good along with consumer content. For the sentiment stuff, I think what we’re seeing is really positive. It’s better than expectations and we assumed that sentiment and satisfaction might drop some amount. We continue to watch this really carefully because there’s no guarantee that it won’t in the future. But right now what we have seen has made us more confident that we can do more with advertising over time and can ramp that up. Our strategy isn’t to have like a ton of different ad units. We really want to make it so that we are delivering these end-to-end solutions for our customers and only have a small number of simple things, make it easier for advertisers to work with us. We want to deliver that and we are kind of underway on this long road map to execute that.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, on Instagram they're really doing well and growing really quickly. and I think that is the right for them and they have this opportunity to capture and basically build off this huge community. And I think that that should be a 100% of the focus right now. I am really optimistic about the business opportunity there too. You already have a lot of brands and folks who advertise with Facebook putting content in Instagram, getting huge engagement rates. So people are coming to us and asking for ways to make that even richer and it's something that we're thinking about. But right now I think that -- I'm just really product of the team and excited about how quickly they're growing. I mentioned this in my comments early on, but they're growing a lot faster now and we’re faster to get to 100 million than Facebook even was.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I mean one thing that I think has actually gone well with the platform recently is the gaming ecosystem. I mean David was talking about this earlier, but with the exception of our largest partner, Zynga, whose growth hasn't been as awesome as everyone would hope, the rest of the community is actually growing quite well and is quite healthy. So, we're pretty happy with that and it's a pretty diverse group. I mentioned in my comments at the beginning, I mean we have as many as 81 of the top 100 top grossing iOS apps and 70 of the top grossing Android apps that are connected in with Facebook. So we're getting good coverage, right. And that's all has been the vision, it's making it so that any apps and experience that you have can be social. So that's working well. Also we really want to be a source that developers can come to for distribution and make it such that they can come to Facebook and spread their apps. People have always had good tools to do it organically, but recently the App Install ad product has been another tool in developers' arsenal in order to do that and that's showing some real traction. So, I'm pretty excited about that as well. Graph Search was your other question. And the strategy around it and kind of where we are in rolling out is, we developed it over a period of time at the company and we knew that in order to get it to be really good we had to get some real world data. So we rolled it out to just a small percent of people in order to be able to tune the ranking and all that. We're getting into a state where we are really happy with it before we roll it out to everyone. But we're really optimistic that that will happen over the coming months. So, I'm pretty excited about that. The people who use it, we've gotten very positive feedback from it and I think it's going to be a very big opportunity. But the launch wasn't this point where we expected a ton of people to start using it. We've gated who can use it quite aggressively in order to just make sure that we get the data that we need and the real rollout will hopefully start pretty soon.
David Ebersman: So Heather, in terms of your question about CPMs. Ads revenue grew well across all the geographic regions that we report on. I mentioned the U.S. and Canada growth in CPMs. We saw a similar number, a little bit lower but similar in Asia. For Europe and rest of the world the numbers were much lower. A little a bit above zero in the case of Europe, a little bit below in the case of the rest of the world. The interesting question around this is, what those numbers might have looked like if we hadn’t made changes in the option dynamics and, such as the price floor and obviously we can’t answer that question quantitatively because we don’t have the data. But we feel pretty strongly and pretty confident that prices would have increased substantially more in all of the regions if we hadn’t made those changes.
David Ebersman: In terms of growth and engagement geographically, I think you can see from the numbers that growth was strong across all the areas of the world. We continue to add a lot of users in places like India and Brazil. And in engagement trends I think were similarly strong throughout and mobile is clearly a big part of that equation and been very helpful to us in terms of getting more users, more daily users and more engagement from those users. In terms of revenue by geography, I don’t know that there’s a lot to add to what the numbers I’ve already said. Europe looks good in the first quarter after being a little bit softer towards the end of last year and we continue to grow well in Asia and the rest of the world. So I think just pretty consistent performance there.
David Ebersman: In terms of ARPU in the U.S. and Canada was up 21% versus last year, so continuing to make good progress there. I really don’t have anything unique to say about seasonality in 2013. We see it from Q4 to Q1 across the years that we have been in an advertising business. And I am sure there are unique things that impact each year but there is nothing that we are aware of that was particularly important in 2013 in that regard.
David Ebersman: In terms of hiring, I think everything has gone quite well and as we have discussed 2013 is the year where we're investing for future growth, and I think in the first quarter both in terms of hiring and building out our infrastructure we are on track with where we want to be,
David Ebersman: This is David; I'll take the first one which is about CPM. So the ads that we show in newsfeed are displayed more prominently and they are more in the flow of the user's attention. So as you would imagine, we get more engagement with those ads and they end up commanding a much higher average price per ad as you would expect.
David Ebersman: I think we're still in the really early days of what we're doing and that's particularly true in mobile. A year ago, we didn't have any mobile ad revenue and now it's 30% of our ad revenue. So this is great. We're really pleased with the progress and we still believe that mobile has the opportunity to be huge for us if we can execute well. We've got a really large mobile user base. They are very engaged and spend a lot of time with us. We have an ad format that works on mobile and we have identity so that we can put the right ads in front of the right people. So, I think the future for us is I think much more interesting than trying to project it from any particular quarter at this point, just because we've got a lot less to do. And, obviously, we will continue to try and develop tools to enable us to monetize our advertising better and potentially in different ways as well. But the big opportunity that's right in front of us is trying to make the mobile advertising products higher quality and more relevant over time.
David Ebersman: Sure. I guess I'd start by saying we remain really pleased with the high level of engagement on Facebook by people of all ages around the world. You asked about people under 25, we continue to have really high penetration rates among that age group, both in the U.S. and globally. And the younger users remain among the most active and engaged users that we have on Facebook. And then in addition, younger users are extremely active users of Instagram as well. So that's great and makes our position even stronger. I think, from our standpoint, the urban legend you referenced, sort of flows more often than not from surveys people have done of younger users that indicate that they're using other social services. And we take this feedback seriously but our sense is that much of the concern stems from the assumption that this is a zero sum game and that's not how we see it. We think the overall amount of time spent on services that enable you to connect and share is growing and will continue to grow, because these kinds of services are really engaging and good. And it's great for us to be the leader in a market that's expanding rapidly with the foundation we have with both Facebook and Instagram and I guess the challenge for us is to just continue building great products that appeal to users of all ages. Your second question about the engagement levels are the performance of mobile ads, I think it's fair to say that newsfeed ads on both mobile and desktop both perform extremely well and we're pleased with both formats.
David Ebersman: And it’s small. So Atlas is -- we didn’t buy Atlas for the run rate of its revenues, but because we feel like it’s a tool that can help us to grow our own business.
David Ebersman: You asked about mobile app install ads. So we launched that product I think at the beginning of the fourth quarter more broadly. So it's early in its development, but really doing quite well. And we're pleased with both the quality of experiences we're providing and with the revenue growth that we've seen. It really fits in nicely with the idea of putting content into newsfeeds that we think will be of interest to users and provide value for developers. I guess the only other thing I've noticed that it's an incremental audience for us for the most part from an advertising standpoint which is also nice. Some of those developers were advertising with us before a lot of the mobile app Install Ad purchasers or new advertisers to Facebook.
David Ebersman: So in terms of the segments, it's really hard to breakup the revenue because the same advertiser crosses multiple segments with multiple objectives, sometimes with the same ads. So one of the ways we use the segment is to help focus our product development on understanding the different objectives that marketers might have, but then translating that into individual groups of revenue is difficult. So I think that, as Sheryl mentioned, we're particularly pleased with small businesses. That's something that we can measure on Facebook and see the number of advertisers increasing. In terms of datacenters, I think it is both strategic and operational. There's no question that owning our own datacenters removes sort of another party from the mix relative to when we used to lease datacenter space. It also enables us to build the datacenters to look exactly as we want them to look so that the performance is optimized for precisely what Facebook needs to do with the servers that we put in there, and there's definitely some efficiency that comes from that. But I would also say that it is, given what we are trying to do in the world we are trying to reach, I do think it's strategic for Facebook to not be dependent on third parties to provide that critical part of our supply chain.
David Ebersman: In terms of U.S. and Europe, I really don't have a lot more to add. The Europe number as I said was strong in Q1. I'm certain it's true that for some of the products that we roll out the U.S. represents the first adapters and then they spread their way to other clients around the world. But I don't have any specific evidence to support that that was key to the trends in Q1.
David Ebersman: All right. I got lost in the second question which I should have written down to the first one. So right now you asked about Acxiom and things like that. That’s a very small percentage of the ad impressions we show. So hopefully overtime we can bring tools to bear that can really increase our ability to do more targeting and more effective targeting than we do today. In terms of the second part, I think you're asking about the whole payments and another fees revenue lines. So I said the whole line grew by 15%. Games represented 12% growth. So the increment in between the 12% and the 15% came primarily from user promoted posts, which is a product we launched last year to a lesser degree also from our gifts product.
