Mark Zuckerberg: Yeah, I can start off by taking the generative AI question. Although there aren't that many details that I'm going to share at this point, more of this will come in focus as we start shipping more of these things over the coming months.  But I do think that there's a big opportunity here. You asked specifically about advertisers, but I think it's going to also help create more engaging experiences, which should create more engagement, and that, by itself, creates more opportunities for advertisers. But then I think that there's a bunch of opportunities on the visual side to help advertisers create different creative. We don't have the tools to do that over time, eventually making it.  So we've always strived to just have an advertiser just be able to tell us what their objective is and then have us to be able to do as much of the work as possible for them and now being able to do more of the creative work there and ourselves for those who want that, I think, could be a very exciting opportunity. I also think that there's going to be a very interesting convergence between some of the AI agents in messaging and business messaging, where right now, we see a lot of the places where business messaging is most successful are places where a lot of businesses can afford to basically have people answering a lot of questions for people and engaging with them in chat. And obviously, once you light up the ability for tens of millions of small businesses to have AI agents acting on their behalf, you'll have way more businesses that can afford to have someone engaging in chat with customers. So I think that, that could be a pretty big opportunity, too. So those are just a few of the things that we're looking at. I think this is very broad. Like I said, I think this is literally going to touch every single one of our products and services in multiple ways. So -- and this is just a very big wave and new set of technologies that's available, and we're working on it across the whole company.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yeah, I can take the first one. I think that there's an important distinction between the products we offer and a lot of the technical infrastructure, especially the software that we write to support that.  And historically, whether it's the open compute project that we've done or just open sourcing a lot of the infrastructure that we've built, we've historically open sourced a lot of that infrastructure even though the products themselves are obviously -- we're not -- we haven’t open sourced the code for our core products or anything like that.  And the reason why I think why we do this is that unlike some of the other companies in the space, we're not selling a cloud computing service where we try to keep the different software infrastructure that we're building proprietary. For us, it's way better if the industry standardizes on the basic tools that we're using. And therefore, we can benefit from the improvements that others make and others use of those tools can, in some cases, like Open Compute, drive down the costs of those things, which make our business more efficient, too. So I think to some degree, we're just playing a different game on the infrastructure than companies like Google or Microsoft or Amazon, and that creates different incentives for us. So overall, I think that, that's going to lead us to do more work in terms of open sourcing some of the lower-level models and tools. But of course, a lot of the product work itself is going to be specific and integrated with the things that we do.  So it's not that everything we do is going to be open. Obviously, a bunch of this needs to be developed in a way that creates unique value for our products. But I think in terms of the basic models, I would expect us to be pushing and helping to build out an open ecosystem here, which I think is something that's going to be important.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I'll take the first one, and then Susan can take the second one. On the AI tools, we have a bunch of history here, right? So if you look at what we've done with PyTorch, for example, which is -- has generally become the standard in the industry is a tool that a lot of folks who are building AI models and different things in that space use, it's generally been very valuable for us to provide that because now all of the best developers across the industry are using tools that we're also using internally. So the tool chain is the same. So when they create some innovation, we can easily integrate it into the things that we're doing.  When we improve something, it improves other products, too. Because it's integrated with our technology stack, when there are opportunities to make integrations with products, it's much easier to make sure that developers and other folks are compatible with the things that we need and the way that our systems work. There are a lot of advantages, but I view this more as a kind of back-end infrastructure advantage with potential integrations on the product side, but one that should hopefully enable us to stay at the leading edge and integrate more broadly with the community and also make the way we run all this infrastructure more efficient over time. There are a number of models. I just gave PyTorch as an example, Open Compute is another model that has worked really well for us in this way, both to incorporate both innovation and scale efficiency into our own infrastructure. So there's -- our incentives, I think, are basically aligned towards moving in this direction.  Now that said, there's a lot to figure out, right? So I mean you asked if there are going to be other opportunities. I hope so. I can't speak to what all those things might be now. This is all quite early in getting developed. The better we do with the foundational work, the more opportunities, I think, that will come and present themselves. So I think that, that's all stuff that we need to figure out. But at least, at the base level, I think we're generally incentivized to move in this direction. And we also need to figure out how to go in that direction over time. I mean I mentioned LLaMA before. And I also want to be clear that while I'm talking about helping contribute to an open ecosystem, LLaMA is a model that we only really made available to researchers. And there's a lot of really good stuff that's happening there, but a lot of the work that we're doing, I think we would aspire to and hope to make even more open than that. So we'll need to figure out a way to do that.
Susan Li: Hi, Brian, it's Susan. Thanks for the question. You were asking about the 1% to 2% head count growth stat that's been out there. And I thought it was worth clarifying. So that comes from something Mark mentioned in a recent internal employee Q&A that he had expected company head count to increase only 1% to 2% year-over-year.  And I want to clarify that Mark was actually speaking to employees about head count budgets that have already been allocated. What we've also said previously is we have been in a broad-based hiring freeze for the last half year. And as we complete our layoffs in April and May, we will resume hiring, and we would expect head count growth in excess of 1% to 2% in 2024 as a result as we ramp up those recruiting pipelines. But our long-term focus is very much on efficiency. And as hiring resumes, you'll find the biggest areas that we are hiring in will be to support priority areas like generative AI, ads, infrastructure, Reality Labs, some of the areas that we've been talking about. And you also asked about using AI internally and how that factors into our thoughts on long-term hiring. We certainly don't have enough visibility yet into how AI will make our workforce more productive, but it's something we're excited about. And I think we will have more clarity on that as more tools begin getting developed to enhance employee productivity across the industry.
Susan Li: Hi, Eric, so I think your question had 2 parts. The first was an update on the data center architecture that we announced last quarter. And we're progressing with construction there, but the new data centers that we're building are intended really for future year capacity. So they won't come online for a few years. So we don't have too much more to share there, except that, that work is ongoing. And the second part of your question was really, I think about how AI might drive capital intensity over the next few years. So you can really think about our CapEx investment as having 3 broad buckets. The first, we've talked about before, non-AI compute needs. We do have ongoing general compute and storage needs to support the existing business, but this is an area where we've become much more efficient in terms of capital intensity and are very much focused on continuing to do so over time. The second area is in our core AI investments, which is really most of our AI investment today, and that's supporting the building of the discovery engine, ranking unconnected organic content, ranking ads, and we're focused on measuring the return of those investments and making sure that we feel good about the ROI of our spend there, and that really will drive our future plans in terms of that core AI spend. And then the third bucket is really around CapEx investments now to support gen AI. And this is an emerging opportunity for us. We're still in the beginning stages of understanding the various applications and possible use cases. And I do think this may represent a significant investment opportunity for us that is earlier on the return curve relative to some of the other AI work that we've done. And it's a little too early to say how this is going to impact our overall capital intensity in the near term. So to the extent that we spend more on CapEx in the near future, I expect it mostly to be to power this work. But I want to emphasize that we remain focused overall in striking the right balance between building out the AI capacity we need and being efficient with our CapEx spend.
Susan Li: Thanks, Mark. I can go ahead and take both of those. So your first question was about the post ATT landscape and how we're positioned. In terms of our ads business, we've talked really a great deal, of course, about this over the last few years. We're making progress certainly in mitigating the direct impact from ATT's platform changes. But this is really, I think, just the reality of the online advertising environment that we're in now.  And we've invested across not only sort of the direct mitigations that we've talked about in the past, including things like conversions API, but really, I think now we're focused on improving ad performance in the current signals landscape with our investments, both in increasing the volume of ads with on-site objectives; and then second of all, with our AI investments that have really, I think, enhanced the performance of our ads as well as enable us to introduce new tools and features for advertisers. So I think we're quite well positioned here in terms of on-site conversions. We have a lot of offerings that have been growing very well for us. I think we've talked a lot about click-to-messaging ads and what that has meant in terms of driving growth for our business and new business opportunities.  Other formats that have been, I think, performing well in terms of on-site conversions are lead ads, shops ads, so there are different ad formats that we're working on there. And then we've just really been investing in using AI for a long time to improve our ad systems, including ranking, to improve our modeling and measurement and again, support the introduction of new AI-powered tools and products. So I think we feel quite good about our relative position. Again, this is just work that we've been doing for a long time that, I think, in conjunction with seeing some stabilization in the macro environment, has enabled us to see that work pay off. And then your second question was about strengths and weaknesses in sort of the Q1 revenue performance as well as in our outlook. In terms of the Q1 revenue performance and the acceleration relative to Q4, we certainly saw stronger demand, including the impact of lapping the Ukraine war, which began in Q1 of 2022. And in particular, we saw acceleration among advertisers in China targeting users in other markets, which we believe was due, in part, to dropping shipping costs and easing COVID lockdowns for those advertisers. And then you've seen FX play a part there as well. Looking forward to Q2 and the back half of the year, it's certainly an easier compare there as there are tailwinds to year-over-year growth coming from lapping a weaker demand period and then moving into the first full quarter in Q2 without Russia revenue in terms of the comparison relative to Q2 2022. And we certainly expect that currency is also going to be less of a headwind than it was in the first quarter.  With that said, there's a broad range of expectations captured in our Q2 outlook. And it reflects that we feel it remains a volatile macro environment. The market has absorbed a lot of new developments over the last year with inflation, higher interest rates, banking and stability, et cetera. And it's hard to have perfect visibility on how those dynamics will impact the broader economy and specifically in the advertising markets for Q2 and for the rest of the year.  It also continues to be a challenging regulatory environment. So that's something that we're continuing to monitor closely. But on the other hand, we've been pleased with the performance we're delivering for advertisers and how those investments have paid off. Core engagement trends remain strong. And Reels is a revenue headwind today that we expect will become revenue neutral by the end of the year or early next year. Again, we expect FX will be a tailwind. And again, we're lapping relatively softer comps. So lots of puts and takes as we look beyond -- as we look into Q2 and beyond.
Susan Li: Thanks, Doug. I think there are a couple of components to this. A lot of this efficiency work that we've been undertaking and especially this year, is driven not sort of by solely financial imperative, but really with the focus of increasing operational efficiency. So that's been, I think, one of the foremost goals, and a lot of the work has been architected around that.  And that really includes more carefully scrutinizing road maps, winding down projects that are no longer at the top of our priority list, reprioritizing investments. That's really a muscle that, I think, we have spent a lot of time building over the last half year, and I expect that we will be carrying that discipline into the way that we assess our product road maps going forward. Similarly, I think a lot of the work that we've done around increasing operational efficiency, around making sure that we feel good about management spans and layers and all that work, I think, is also in service of making us a company that can build more and ship faster. And we would expect to sort of continue to make sure that we think our organizational posture is really in service, again, of building and shipping product.  And as we move forward, including out of the sort of the layoffs that we've been implementing in the direct restructuring work, we're going to continue focusing on efficiency work, including in other areas like helping investors -- sorry, helping developers build and ship quality products faster. We're going to be investing in tooling where we can to increase the velocity of product development. And we'll continue streamlining cross-functional or processes that might tax the development process or slow us down and make sure that we're really focused on also increasing the quality and frequency of collaborative and in person time to build relationships across the organization and get things done faster. So this is all -- I think I expect this to all be very much ongoing for us in the years to come.
Susan Li: Thanks, Justin. In terms of core Facebook user growth, we've been pleased with the growth of the community and the engagement trends that we've been seeing. In particular, I think in Q1, DAU growth benefited from strong product execution. But I should also note that Q1 is a seasonally strong engagement quarter for us, so that has some benefit in terms of quarter-over-quarter growth.  You mentioned sort of whether the work in Reels is driving incremental -- or is driving engagement in Facebook, and what I would say there is that more broadly sort of the discovery engine work for us and the investments we've made ranking on connected content is expansive beyond Instagram, and I think it's certainly a part of what is also driving growth on Facebook as well.
Susan Li: Yeah. Thank you. Youssef, thank you. So for your first question, how much sort of has the -- the total expense guidance coming down, especially since we sort of issued our first passive guidance in Q3 last year, how has that downward sort of trend impacted our expectations beyond 2022 in the next two or three years.  So we certainly haven't shared expense guidance for the out years. And frankly, that's something that we are ourselves working on internally as we lay our long term as we undergo our long-term planning exercise. But I do think that a lot of the muscle that we're building with regard to efficiency is going to translate into the longer run road map. And so I expect that we have really improved our cost structure over the last six months, and that's going to form the basis, along with an increased focus on operating efficiency going forward.  I think that's going to form the basis for sort of our future outlook. And making sure that we are kind of constantly evaluating our investment road map to make sure that we are investing against the highest priority work and deprioritizing and winding down investments again where we don't see the ROI or we don't see a compelling opportunity. So again, we don't have guidance to share yet on the out years, but I do expect the overall efficiency ethos very much to be a part of the coming years. On your second question on what the potential impact to our European business is of the transatlantic data transfer rule. So first, I want to emphasize, we continue to be hopeful that the new EU U.S. privacy framework will be implemented before a deadline for suspension. But if it comes to that, there's a lot that we don't know in terms of the specifics of a final order and how long a suspension order would last, which would be important variables in determining the overall impact.  What we do know is that roughly 10% of worldwide ad revenue comes from ads delivered to Facebook users in EU countries. But there are more details that we would need to understand, including the impact on advertisers in EU countries before we'd be able to really provide a more accurate or fulsome estimate of that impact.
Susan Li: Thanks, Mark. So on your first question about restructuring charges, Q1 restructuring charges are in the range of $1.1 billion, and then we gave a range of $3 billion to $5 billion for the full year. So we do expect that we will be recognizing further restructuring charges throughout the year.  And then the second question about the sort of opportunity in click-to-messaging ads and particularly in WhatsApp, what does the opportunity look like there? This is an area that we -- I mean, we're very excited about. We've invested a lot. We see continued opportunity to scale click-to-message, particularly in WhatsApp and the click to Instagram direct area. Both of those are earlier on the growth curve. And we're investing in a few areas to continue making it easier for people and businesses to connect.  First, we're really investing in trying to make it easier to create ads. So in the last year, we've invested in a revamped experience in ads manager, native ad creation experiences directly in WhatsApp. We're also scaling partners. So with the cloud-hosted API, we now have hosted API solutions across WhatsApp, Messenger and Instagram so that our ecosystem of developers can help build good best-in-class experiences for businesses.  And then we're also working on making these ads more performance by driving more action further down funnel. So we're working on ranking and optimization to yield better conversion from these ads and introduce new ways to drive outcomes. We've introduced new features like in-thread payments and other commerce tools.  So we think that there's a big opportunity here. We're trying to make every part of the experience for advertisers, easier, better and more performance. And we're excited to also see growth beyond the core markets here in Southeast Asia and Latin America, where messaging is already common as a way for businesses to engage with customers and for businesses to engage with customers and their customer prospects. But we're hopeful that we'll see this also take off in other markets. We're seeing strong growth in the U.S. and Canada, but it's just earlier there today.
Susan Li: And Ross your second question -- sorry, I think there was a second part of the question, which is really about Reels driving an increase in time spent on Instagram and how much runway we see. So we certainly aren't quantifying the kind of the expected engagement growth, but we're very pleased with what we've seen Reels drive in terms of incremental engagement to the platform so far.  And we've talked about how the incrementality has grown over time, and that's important as we've continued to improve ranking because we're very focused not only on the absolute growth of Reels, but on increasing the incremental engagement, and that's something where we're very pleased with the trends that we've been seeing. As it comes to the plays, watch time, re-shares reactions, all of the metrics that we keep an eye on, we're seeing meaningful growth in Reels. It's clear that people value short-form video and recommendations. It's also unlocking an entirely new content pool, which we think creates an engagement opportunity as we help people discover more interesting posts. And then that's really valuable on top of the social graph, and we're seeing the sharing flywheel take off with the growth of Reels reshares which has doubled over the last 6 months. And then more broadly in terms of how the discovery engine is driving incremental engagement across the platform. Our in-feed recommendations certainly go well beyond Reels. They cover all types of content, including text, images, links, group content, et cetera. And on Facebook, we see that AI-driven recommendations are continuing to grow and contribute to increasing engagement on the app. So again, we're not quantifying this, but it's a place where I think we are both pleased with our progress and see significant opportunity for us to do better.
Susan Li: Thanks, Michael. So on Reels, we have shared for, I think, a while now that we're working through -- we're working down the headwind to revenue from the growth of Reels cannibalizing some time that is spent on our more mature ad surfaces, Feed and Stories. And basically, we have been balancing the two factors here, which is the degree to which Reels is driving incremental engagement on the platform versus the lower monetization efficiency of Reels relative to the Feed and Stories engagement that it cannibalizes.  And ultimately, the overall economics of Reels is really going to be determined by the combination of those two things. The thing that I would -- so while we're -- we're on track to Reels becoming neutral to revenue by end of year or early next year. But I do think it's important to call out that Reels is structurally different from Feed and Stories.  And so we don't have line of sight of getting Reels to monetization parity per time with Feed or Stories anytime soon because of those structural differences. But because it drives incremental engagement, we expected we will continue -- and we expect we will continue to improve its monetization from current levels. So we expect the combination of those things will get us to revenue neutral by end of this year or early next, and positive to revenue beyond that despite that it doesn't monetize as efficiently. The second part of your question was updates on messaging and how does messaging improve marketer ability to retarget and face a signal loss. So click-to-messaging ads are a really important part of our overall ad strategy in terms of on-site objectives. And so it is a big part of the sort of first-party data playbook. And so I think from that perspective, it really has -- is both sort of a first-party data ads format, which I think in a signal-challenged landscape is important for us. And then, of course, it's a way for us to both monetize messaging behavior that's happening on our platform and create robust avenues of communication for businesses directly with their consumers which we hope to broaden with broader business messaging offerings over time. So we're very excited. We're really excited with the progress that click-to-messaging ads have shown and the business opportunity that we have going forward there.
