David M. Wehner: Brian, I'll take the first one. In terms of Facebook versus Instagram, they're obviously both contributing to revenue growth. Instagram is growing more quickly and making an increasing contribution to growth. And we've been pleased with how Instagram is growing. Facebook and Instagram are really one ads ecosystem. I think, from a supply perspective, both now from a feed perspective are at similar ad loads. Instagram has more heavy usage of Stories, so that's an area of continued growth opportunity because the effective levels of monetization in Stories are lower. On the demand side, we see a good traction across both platforms, and we're rolling out more ability for advertisers to leverage ads in Stories with more formats and the like. So that's, again, an important opportunity for growth is just continuing to build out more products on the demand side for Stories.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, Eric, it's going to be a combination of those factors. I would say we're going to continue to invest in core product development and infrastructure. And so, you've seen that already in terms of the ramp that we have in capital expenditures. We're continuing to build out features and functionality for the community across a wide range of different products, whether it be the ad products that Sheryl talked about or IGTV and the like. In addition to those core developments, we're also making the significant long-term investments in safety and security. Those investments are in the billions of dollars per year. Those will have a negative impact on margins. We think that's the right thing to do for the business in terms of ensuring the community's safety and security and the durability of the franchise. So those are important investments from an ROI perspective, but they don't have, obviously, immediate translation into revenue dollars. Secondly, we're continuing to make big investments in innovation. Those, we believe, are attractive long-term investments. The things that I would point to are things like AI as well as our investments in AR and VR. Those are things that will play out – AI in the near-term, but the investments in AR and VR are really about building the next generation of computing, and that's got a longer-term return window. So, attractive investments we believe, but ones that will take longer-term to pay off, and those would have a dilutive effect on margins in the near-term. Those are the two factors that I would point to. In addition, on the CapEx side, we're continuing to invest heavily on capital expenditures, first, to just get ahead of user growth and engagement and then also to make sure that we've got the compute available to support the growth of a number of the key drivers of our business around feed ranking and ads ranking. So, I think those are the things that I would point to, all factoring into the margin guidance that I gave.
David M. Wehner: Ross, so, yes, so we grew at 42% in the current quarter and we would expect decel in the high-single digits for the next couple quarters. In terms of what is driving the deceleration, it's a combination of factors, and I think I outlined those in my commentary. First of all, there's the currency, which is going from being a tailwind to being a modest headwind, we expect. Secondly, we're going to be focusing on growing engaging new experiences like Stories and promoting those. And that's going to have a negative impact on revenue growth. And then, finally, we're giving people who use the services more choice around privacy, and that's coming both in terms of impacts that could be ongoing from things like GDPR as well as other product options that we're providing that could have an impact on revenue growth. So it's a combination of all those factors that is leading to the deceleration of revenue growth in the second half.
David M. Wehner: Hey, Mark. It's Dave. On Europe, yeah, we don't have any update on trends. We had indicated in the first quarter that we would expect to see a decline. We're not providing any guidance on MAU and DAU in Europe on this call.
David M. Wehner: John, its Dave. Just on the North American deceleration in ad revenue growth, kind of consistent with the trends we've seen, so nothing there notable. I would say we're pleased at the growth that we're seeing at the scale at which we're operating. When you look at the deceleration, the one that I called out was really Europe where you saw the currency impact as well as, to a lesser extent, GDPR causing sort of faster deceleration than in the other regions. I would say North America was more kind of within kind of what we're seeing across the rest of the business.
David M. Wehner: I'll give a little bit more color – sorry. I wanted to give a little bit more color on some of the different regional trends we're seeing on Facebook DAU. U.S. and Canada, sort of consistent with past quarters, has been flat at about 185 million, and we would expect that to continue to bounce around. Europe, we saw the declines that we anticipated from GDPR. And I would say there, really, those impacts were purely due to the GDPR impact, not other engagement trends. So I would point to that. Otherwise, I think feeling good about Europe. Worldwide, we've got kind of different puts and takes. Indonesia had a SIM card registration requirement that caused a little bit of a headwind in APAC. And then rest of world, we saw some countries come back online like Ethiopia came back online. So some different puts and takes, but overall, still seeing regional growth across all regions with the exception of the U.S./Canada being flat.
David M. Wehner: Sure, Mark. Let me take that. So GDPR didn't have a significant impact in Q2, partially because of its implementation date. So you're just seeing effectively one month of it in terms of revenue. We do think that there will be some modest impact, and I don't want to overplay these factors, but you've got a couple of things going on. You've got the impact of the opt-outs. And while we're very pleased with the vast majority of people opting into the third-party data use, some did not. So that will have a small impact on revenue growth. And then we're seeing some impact from how advertisers are using their own data for targeting. So, again, that will have a modest impact on growth. And then in addition, we're continuing to focus our product development around putting privacy first and that's going to, we believe, have some impact on revenue growth. So it's really a combination of kind of how we're approaching privacy as well as GDPR and the like. So I think all of those factors together are one of the factors that we're talking about; the other being, obviously, the currency flip.
David M. Wehner: Yeah, I guess you've got a couple of different factors going on there. You've got the opportunity, I think, for ARPU growth in those regions, and that's going to depend on the mix of countries in those regions and the GDP per capita in those countries as well as the relative size of the ad markets. And that correlates very strongly to our opportunity and our potential ARPU. And I think you've got upside growth potential in the long run in those markets. As it relates to margin profile, you also just have the factor that you're increasing growth – the increasing mix of the business is shifting towards Asia and towards what are currently lower ARPU markets. And so, while those are very attractive, we believe, to serve both in the near and in the long run, they're going to have a different impact on margin because the cost to support those users relative to the revenue they bring in does have an impact on margins in the medium-term.
David M. Wehner: Peter, its Dave. Just on the FX, we're just looking at current rates and just rolling those forward, not predicting what the rates will be, but rather looking at current rates and thus what the impact would be if rates stay the same on the second half.
David M. Wehner: Yeah. Brent, I'll take that. And if Sheryl wants to add color, she should step in as well. This is consistent – we consistently have seen over last eight quarters constant currency deceleration. So, there's a continuation of this trend. I don't think there's anything beyond that in the factors that I outlined. I would note we've been benefiting from continued growth across Instagram. Instagram ad load in feed is at the same level as Facebook, so that would be – that's certainly been helpful in our recent quarters. So I think when you look at the factors going forward, I would say we've got the currency impact, we've got some of the impacts around privacy and the like, but we continue to get good advertiser feedback on ROI. We continue to believe we're delivering great ROI for advertisers. So I don't think there's anything from the advertiser perspective that's necessarily playing out differently than expectations. Sheryl can add any color there.
David M. Wehner: Sure, Collin. Let me take a crack at that. So, in terms of the guidance, I've given guidance. This is several years, so more than two but less than many. So it's over a timeframe more than two years is our expectation. And then in terms of does that have any meaningful contribution from areas of innovation, we talked about some of the areas that we're investing in. Obviously, on the safety and security side, those are costs that are layering in that we think are the right thing to do for the business but don't necessarily have a revenue impact. So it certainly takes those into account. It also takes into account the ongoing investments we're making in the longer-term innovation work, which I don't think will necessarily have any meaningful revenue relative to the size of the business in those time frames. We're also investing in things like video, Watch and the like, which have the potential to condition tribute on the revenue side, but still relatively small in perspective of the overall business.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And I can take the second part of the question about the – what we're trying to do with IGTV and Watch at the same time. The IGTV product approach is very focused on helping people connect with creators in a mobile-native vertical video format and helping people not only see content that they love from people that they want to follow, but build a community around those creators, which is what we see people are trying to do. And creators now uniquely have the ability to both reach a large audience and connect and engage the community through the social network on Instagram at the same time. With Watch, a lot of what we're trying to do is make it so the video content that's on Facebook and some of the content that we're acquiring through original programming that people can come together with their friends to watch that content through things like Watch Party and engage and build community that way. So there's a big space here in terms of helping people have real connections and interactions around video. These are two different takes on this. Overall, what you're going to see from us on video is not just try to optimize for overall watch time, but to optimize for building products that help bring people together and help facilitate real interactions between people.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. So, we've launched a number of changes that are focused towards trying to encourage more interaction at the expense of some passive consumption on the network. And we found that these have generally encouraged more interaction or positives, so we're going to keep on moving in this direction. We're doing this for a number of reasons. One is that we just started getting a lot of feedback from people in the community that they wanted Facebook to be more about connecting with people, which is really the core of what it's always been, less so about viral videos or news content and just passive consumption. So that's one. Another big driver is we've focused on trying to make sure that we understand the effects of using our services on people's well-being. That's important for all companies. And the research there is very clear that when people are using the Internet, and including our services, to interact with other people, that's associated with all the positive elements of well-being that you'd expect: feeling more connected, feeling less lonely, feeling happier, and long-term measures of health but when you're simply using the Internet to passively consume content that isn't necessarily associated with positive improvements to well-being. So, both because of the feedback that we were getting and the research, we felt like this was really the right direction to go in. We're seeing positive signs in terms of how it's encouraging people to interact more. Of the usage on the platform, we do think that that is the most valuable usage, but that's why we're going in that direction. And everything that we've seen so far suggests to us that we should continue moving in that direction more.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And I can quickly answer the second part around data centers. I mean the quick answer is that we're not planning on going in to the cloud services. We're not planning on doing that. We have to build out all this capacity to serve our community. It's a very computationally and resource-intensive set of services that we provide and we need to build that out. We are very optimistic. I'm very optimistic about AI overall and being able to use more computing resources to be able to crunch more data to be able to rank News Feed and ads and search and friend suggestions, and all the important things that we use our AI systems to do in addition to the integrity and security work. Part of the advance in AI technology now allows us to use more compute to use all the data that's in the system to provide better results, so we certainly plan on doing that.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: All right. And I can take the question on the midterm elections. So, yes, the short answer is that we're much more confident that we're going to get this right for the elections in the 2018, which include the U.S. midterms, but also the elections in Brazil and upcoming elections in early-2019 in India and the EU. And the reason why we're confident that we can get this right is because there have been several elections since the 2016 ones that have had much better results, including the French presidential election, the German elections, the Alabama special election, and the Mexican election about a month ago. And in each of these – going back to 2016, we were – we have a very big security team that was focused on security around even the 2016 election and we found hacking and phishing attacks that the Russian government was trying to do, and we notified the right people about those. But 2016 was really the first time that we saw this kind of coordinated information operation. And since then, we've built the playbook out that has included building AI tools to identify thousands of fake accounts and groups and pages that violate the policies. It's included growing the security and content review teams to 20,000 people to be able to handle the volume of work that we need to do. And it includes a lot of the transparency work around advertising in general, but also the political and issue ads archive and verifying all advertisers who are trying to run political and issue ads. There are a number of other things that we're doing too, including creating an external program for independent academics to study how the impact of social media and how foreign governments try to interfere in elections. And that will have a longer-term impact as well. But the short answer here is we've been very focused on this. 2018 is a big year. And because of the successful results that we've seen in a number of elections recently, we feel like our road map and our level of preparation is much higher now than it has been. And we feel relatively confident going into these elections.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: I'll take it. So, obviously, we started with ads in Facebook, and that was something we have grown and they continue to grow. The ads have expanded quite nicely to Instagram, and Instagram represents a very healthy part of the growth and we expect that to continue as well. When you think about things that are further out, I think you then start talking about our messaging apps. We are furthest ahead in Messenger, but it's still very early days. We're quite happy with consumer engagement with 1.3 billion monthly actives on the platform, and we continue to see a lot of organic connections between businesses and consumers on the messaging platform. We now have over 8 billion messages sent between people and businesses per month, which includes automated messages. We're being very slow and deliberate with monetization. It's still in early days. But I think we've launched some things that people are excited about and interested in like click-to-Messenger ads. We also have some early nice results we can share from clients. One of them recently was LEGO. They launched a Messenger bot to help with gift recommendations, and they created a click-to-Messenger ads that link to a LEGO bot which helped provide product and gift recommendations. They reached people over 25 years old in the U.S., UK, France and Germany, and targeted people who are interested in LEGO toys and shopping, and they found a 3.4 times higher return on ad spend for click-to-Messenger ads versus those that just linked to the LEGO website. And I share that case because it shows what we're excited about. We're excited about a new surface where businesses can interact with consumers, but also really a new functionality. If you go further out, you would then start thinking about WhatsApp. We are very focused there on the user experience, but we're also focused even earlier stages on growing our business ecosystem. The WhatsApp Business app has launched, and we now have more than 3 million people actively using it to test business solutions. So that's further out, but we think it has potential as well.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: In terms of number two, we have an ad model where we're able to use the targeting capabilities for Facebook. But when we put ads into a new surface, we obviously learn and evolve. So, one example of some of the things that we're excited about, again, are the click-to-Messenger ads. That's something we can put in News Feed in Instagram and Messenger and it both grows the ecosystem and creates a new opportunity for interaction. We also have inbox ads where we're enabling advertisers to extend their reach to people in Messenger, which is still really early. And we're also in the early days of sponsored messages, which enable businesses to reengage people once a conversation has started. And so, when we think about the format of Messenger, we think about the direct correspondence between a person, either an existing or a potential client or with a business, and we think there are many times in kind of a life cycle of interacting with a business where that's a very attractive opportunity.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: On the first, when we think about Instagram, we think we have a great opportunity; 25 million Instagram business profiles, 2 million advertisers. We're growing quite nicely across brand and DR. And with 1 billion active people on the platform, I think Instagram is definitely both a direct response opportunity but an opportunity for discovery. Part of it's the format. The format is so visually appealing and people are telling stories with pictures, so we see both anecdotally and in the data that this is a great place for people to become aware of a product in the first place. And we see a lot of small businesses really able to do things on the platform. I'll share a recent example. We just launched a shopping experience that was just expanded in Q2 to all consumers in an additional 45 countries. DefShop is an e-commerce fashion brand in Germany. They were an early tester for IG Shopping. And what they did in that test is tag each article of clothing. They had 56% more website visitors and a 64% increase in sales for tagged products. And I think a lot of those were discovered and purchased right through that advertising funnel.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: Yeah, I can talk about GDPR. GDPR has not had a revenue impact, but we also recognize it wasn't fully rolled out this quarter. It was very encouraging for us to see that the vast majority of people affirmed that they want us to use information, including from the websites they visit, to make their ads more relevant. But, as we look further out, we recognize that there's still risk, and we're going to watch closely. Advertisers are still adapting to the changes, so it's early to know the longer-term impact. And things like GDPR and other privacy changes that may happen from us or may happen with regulation could make ads more relevant. One thing that we know that's not going to change is that advertisers are always looking for the highest ROI opportunity. And what's most important in winning budget is our relative performance in the industry, and we believe we'll continue to do very well on that.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: So, on Stories, we've seen great progress with Stories as a format for people to share on our platforms. We have 400 million people sharing with Instagram Stories, 450 million with WhatsApp Status. Facebook is newer, but we're seeing good progress there. The question is will this monetize at the same rate as News Feed? And we honestly don't know. We'll have to see what happens. There are good reasons to be very optimistic about the monetization. The opportunity, full-screen, authentic, very engaging, different format than feed, gives us an opportunity to grow. We also don't have all of our advertisers yet creating story ads. So, obviously, as more and more advertisers come in and do that, the more and the better ads we'll have. I think getting that ramp will take a while because Stories is a new format, and we definitely see that it takes a while for advertisers to adopt new formats. I think one of the other things we feel good about over the long run, not really the short run, is that since we have so many different places where you have Stories formats in Instagram and WhatsApp and Facebook, as volume increases of the opportunity, advertisers get more interested. But we won't know for a while if it's going to monetize at the same rate. We do feel very good about a new and very engaging opportunity for ads.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: So SMBs are very core to our business and, with over 80 million SMB pages that are using Facebook on a monthly basis, we know they're core to theirs. Our 6 million advertisers come from those pages, and so the fact that we have so much room to grow is exciting for us. We don't break this out by region, but we do see very strong SMB participation across the board and around the world, particularly as SMBs come online, the more. So, you can imagine that some of it goes with Internet penetration and Internet use. In terms of resellers, we think it's a big opportunity. We don't break that out either. But, obviously, some of our ads are sold directly and bought directly through our online interfaces. We also have third-parties that sell our ads and we welcome that as well.
Sheryl Kara Sandberg: Yeah, I'd add there. Even at decreasing growth rates, we are still growing and predicting growth at very healthy rates, and that's based on returning for advertisers. We're very focused on helping advertisers meet their ultimate goals, looking at their ROI, looking at the return they get on ringing the cash register, whether that cash register rings online or offline. And we hear from them and we continue to see in our results that we continue to deliver strong results. So we have a lot of opportunity ahead of us. We're going to continue investing in that opportunity. And what we're hearing from advertisers all over the world is that they want to continue to grow and invest with us as well.
