Sheryl K. Sandberg: Thanks, Mark, and hi, everyone. We had a great first quarter and a strong start to the year. Q1 ad revenue grew 57% or 63% on a constant currency basis. Mobile ad revenue reached $4.2 billion, up 75% year over year, and is now approximately 82% of total ad revenue. Our growth was strong across all verticals, marketer segments, and regions, particularly North America and APAC. We remain focused on driving our clients' businesses, moving their products off shelves both in stores and online. A big focus for us in 2016 is helping our clients understand the true business impact of their ads, especially on digital. We're pleased with the progress we made in Q1 across our three priorities: capitalizing on the shift to mobile; growing the number of marketers using our ad products; and making our ads more relevant and effective. First, capitalizing on the shift to mobile. Consumers have shifted to mobile, and businesses know they need to catch up. We hear from marketers that figuring out mobile today is like figuring out TV in its early days. But given where consumers spend their time, the question now is not if they should market on mobile, but how. One of the drivers of the consumer shift to mobile is video. People are sharing and creating nearly three times more video on Facebook than they were a year ago. And as of February, the time people spend watching videos on Instagram increased by more than 40% over the preceding six months. This presents a big opportunity for marketers. The best marketers understand that people watch video differently on mobile feed than on TV. They create ads that grab attention in the first few seconds, sometimes even without sound, what we now call thumb-stopping creative. For example, Nestlé took their TV ad for Natural Bliss coffee creamer and in less than a day edited it for mobile feed by creating a new opening and adding text overlays to relay their message without sound. They showed both the original TV ad and the mobile ad on Facebook. The original TV ad drove a four-point increase in ad recall. The mobile-optimized version, however, drove an even stronger 10-point increase in ad recall and a seven-point increase in product awareness. We want to help marketers optimize their video ads. For example, we know that on average, captioned videos increase view time by 12%, so we introduced Auto Captions to generate captions for video ads. In Q1 we introduced new ad formats like Canvas ads. Canvas ads showcase products by combining video images and call-to-action buttons. While it's still early, we're pleased with the results and are seeing adoption across many verticals. To motivate millennials to take on do-it-yourself projects, Lowe's and BBDO targeted 25 to 34-year-old homeowners with Canvas ads that let them see bathroom designs, discover the products in each design, and tap to purchase. The ads were so engaging that people spent an average of 28 seconds interacting with them, and Lowe's saw a 6.7 times return on AdSense. Our second priority is growing the number of marketers using our ad products. This quarter we announced that we have over 3 million active advertisers on Facebook and over 200,000 on Instagram. A significant number of these advertisers are small and medium businesses. These businesses use our platforms because it's easy and affordable for them to connect with their consumers on mobile. We're also making it easier for SMBs to use the same targeting tools and ad formats that our most sophisticated advertisers use. We're seeing even small businesses use products like Lead Ads, Slideshow, and Dynamic Product Ads. Our third priority is improving the relevance and effectiveness of our ads. Last year we introduced Conversion Lift to measure how Facebook and Instagram campaigns drive business objectives like sales. We've seen clients across verticals from retail to auto use Conversion Lift to measure and improve the return on their ad investments. Chase Bank used Conversion Lift to measure how effectively their Super Bowl ad drove credit card applications. They found that combining Facebook video ads with their TV ads drove 1.5 times more conversions than TV ads alone. In Q1 we expanded our Lift capabilities by testing Lift API, enabling more partners to measure the effectiveness of more of their campaigns. We're pleased with the value we're driving for our partners and the progress we're making across our three priorities. Helping marketers make the shift to mobile will take time. We have a lot of hard work ahead, and we'll continue to invest. I want to thank our clients around the world for their partnership and congratulate our global team on the results of their hard work. Thanks, everyone, and now here's Dave.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Thank you for the question. SMBs, or SMUs as they're called in different places around the world, we think are a very core competitive advantage for us. It's prohibitively expensive for most small businesses to reach people digitally. Thirty-five percent of small businesses in the United States, which is often the most advanced market, don't have a web presence at all. And setting up a mobile app, getting people to find and download a mobile app, can be even more expensive. And so what's happening is that SMBs are turning to Facebook pages as their mobile solution. They're free, they're easy to set up, and they already know how to do them because almost all of them are already Facebook users in the first place. And so the onboarding has been incredibly important and incredibly effective. We announced last year that we have over 50 million small business pages active on a monthly basis. Eighty percent of those are active on mobile. We then work on helping them use our ad products and upsell them to our paid ad products as well, and we announced this quarter that we hit 3 million active advertisers on Facebook and 200,000 on Instagram. What's interesting is that what you see is SMBs are able to use the pull of some of the biggest brands in the world. So over 2 million SMBs have posted a video, both paid and organic, in the last month. And that happens to be many times the number of SMBs that have shot or placed a TV commercial. In terms of measurement, your question is important because it's not just getting them to use our platforms to connect to consumers. It's getting them to be able to measure our results. And so we've worked hard to build measurement tools into the products, so that when you buy an ad, an SMB has a very easy interface and decide what their goals are. Are their goals measuring sales? Are their goals clicks to their website? Are their goals mobile app downloads? And then measuring all the way through from sharing that ad to the purchase. I continue and we continue to be very bullish on this channel because we have such a broad base of usage, because that usage is so active, and because we're very focused on investing in simplifying our products so that all SMBs can use them.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Sure, I'll take the second one first. Our growth was really broad-based, and we grew across all of our marketer segments this quarter. That's direct response, brands, SMBs, and developers. Our direct response business continues to be very strong. It's very ROI-focused, and we continue to invest and roll out products that help people. So for example, Lead Ads, where people can fill out forms on a mobile device, take their contact info from Facebook, we've rolled that out fully this quarter. And that enables people to use Facebook in a very direct to response way, and we'll continue to invest there. Video ads are really exciting. It's worth noting that video ads take place on another avenue, and receipts are not all of the revenue incrementals (28:55). But as consumer engagement with video has continued to grow, that creates more and more of an opportunity for video ads. Marketers have always loved video because it's a really compelling way to reach people. And now we can reach them on mobile all day with those kind of messages. Importantly, marketers have to adjust sometimes. While the 30-second ad does perform well in News Feed, we also see people understanding that some of the formats are different. Creating shorter ads, creating ads that can work even without sound, more personal ads has really mattered. One example is Toyota used Facebook for the launch of the RAV4 Hybrid with Saatchi in Los Angeles. They used a very broad video to drive brand awareness. They reached over 36 million people in a target demo within three days. Then, and this is where it gets even more interesting, they retargeted people who watched the video with over 500 personalized video ads which were optimized for Facebook and Instagram. So they were creating a direct response campaign to get people to take specific actions like requesting a quote and finding a specific dealer. We saw a 14-point lift in ad recall, a seven-point lift in message association. And right now, we're using the Lift tool to continue to measure their sales for the 30 and 60 days beyond the campaign to see what happens. And we're pretty excited about what that shows in terms of how video can be used in a really broad-based way but also a more personal way.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: The APAC question, it has been growing really well for several quarters now, and we're seeing a lot of great adoption as people learn to use the products. One part of the business that I think has been really strong and is worth noting is we're working with marketers in China to help with their export business. So Air China is a good example. They're a popular airline in China, but they don't really have – they're not really as well-known overseas. And before working with us, they really only invested in traditional media. They had a goal of promoting their new flight routes, including one from Mumbai to Beijing, and their new aircraft. So they launched a campaign with us in 15 countries globally. They used reach and frequency and Carousel and video ad targeting. And for example, they would target in the U.S. age 18 and above frequent international travelers living in cities where they had routes or Indian expats living in the U.S. to promote new routes to Mumbai. They reached 30 million people globally, more than 95% on mobile. And here's the best part, they had a 73% sales lift in the United States. So our APAC business is robust, and I think the global nature of our business is part of driving that.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Facebook and Instagram are the two most important mobile ad platforms out there. In the short run, some of the spend is incremental and some isn't. There are people who will have a social budget or a digital budget. And as they move to Instagram, some of that will come from Facebook. In the medium to long run, we believe we compare very favorably with any other spend we can do because we have this very broad reach on both platforms plus the ability to target very specifically. So what you're seeing in our results right now are very strong growth for Facebook and very strong growth for Instagram. We hit 3 million advertisers for Facebook. We hit 200,000 for Instagram, and often the platforms really work together.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: Yes, Audience Network is important to us because we're making a strategic investment in ad tech, helping advertisers and publishers grow, so it's on and off Facebook. We think we're uniquely placed to bring people-based marketing to scale and solve the measurement problem, and the Audience Network is a place we're really focused because we feel like we're delivering value for advertisers and publishers, so we're investing behind the growth we've seen. We've seen a growth of native ads. Eighty-three percent of the overall inventory on the platform is native, and over 50% of our publishers are only using native ads. We have some great examples of Audience Networks really improving people's results. A recent one is eBay Vivanuncios, which is an online real estate destination working in Latin America and Mexico. When they were using a combination of Facebook, Instagram, and the Audience Network, they saw 57% lower cost per install with placement optimization and 59% more volume versus running on Facebook alone, which led to 6% incremental revenue. So compared to November a year before, the number of their app installs increased by 115%. So what we're seeing is the results we're able to deliver on Facebook and Instagram, a lot of our marketing partners want more. And our ability to do that is why we're investing in the Audience Network.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: You're right that people are increasingly using Facebook to discover products and services, and we're testing some ways like the Marketplace to make this easier. We're also testing some incremental features on pages, which enable businesses to drive purchases on a page or direct people directly to their website. These are really early, but we've had some positive feedback. Our focus, however, continues to be on our ad products because we think we can take people all the way from the top of the funnel, where they can really get a brand awareness or product awareness, and go all the way down to purchase, not necessarily because the purchase is happening on Facebook, but because we can work on the measurement systems to understand how the advertising, both at the top and lower down in the funnel is influencing those purchases. We've been really excited by what we've seen in the commerce vertical of our ad products. So products like dynamic product ads, Carousel ads are working really well for us. This quarter we launched Canvas ads, which are very fast-loading, immersive mobile ads. They're easy to build. You can use the self-service tool. You don't have to write any code. They are native format, so they decrease that initial drop-off you see when people click off to another site. It's very early days, but the average viewing time is over 30 seconds, which shows how immersive that is. I'll share one example of how ads are driving a small business on Facebook through ads, which is a company called Sparkle in Pink. They're a Utah-based SMB. They're selling girls' clothing. They did a Slideshow ad that included a Shop Now button, which enables you to take action on their site. They were able to increase sales by 9% a month. And more exciting for us, this was six times more efficient in terms of acquisition than any other digital media channel. And that shows how you can use our ad products to go all the way from awareness, measuring through to a sale and show how important our ads can be to commerce on our platform.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: For Messenger and WhatsApp, our focus right now continues to be on growth and engagement. We are not rolling out any monetization products on WhatsApp right now, but we did start that process at F8 on Messenger. And what we're doing is following the organic activity that's happening on the Messenger platform. Businesses and consumers are using Messenger to connect to each other in a more personal, more immediate way. And we rolled out a platform beta, which gives new opportunities to build compelling experiences. Bots, very early but giving the opportunity for more personal interactions between businesses and mobile. The 10 received APIs (56:26), so that businesses could send immediate responses to common questions, including engaging images and call to action as well as texts. In terms of the timing, this is really early. We have a lot of opportunity to invest in advertising across our different platforms. And so we want to make sure we get this right as we focus on continued engagement. You're right that over time, when we make these investments, we are going to be able to rely on some of the core aspects of the ads infrastructure. Certainly, our long base of advertisers, some of the things we understand about how ads perform and the functionality will be an important part of the product offerings in the future, but those are not immediate by any stretch of the imagination.
Sheryl K. Sandberg: We think our growth has been very broad-based, but dollars are shifting from all types of media formats to where consumers are spending their time. We tell our clients that we want to be the best dollar and the best minute they spend, and we want them to measure value. I don't think this means that all of our growth comes at the expense of any one channel, but it's broad-based. And often, TV and Facebook and Instagram can work really well together. I'll give a fun example from the Super Bowl. T-Mobile wanted to use their Super Bowl campaign to increase their brand awareness and increase their reach. So before the game, they targeted their 30-second Super Bowl ad that featured Drake to people with NFL and celebrity interests. It performed so well that they decided to run the 60-second version on Facebook and Instagram. That ad was so successful on Facebook and Instagram that they then ran the 60-second ad on TV instead of their 30-second ad. So as people invest, they can use these different platforms together, and we're pretty excited to see that progress.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: Sure. So part of our playbook for building out these ecosystems at scale is we start with the person-to-person user base. So whether that's in messaging, it's people messaging their friends or groups and News Feed. Before that, it was people posting updates and seeing what was going on with their friends and the people that they care about. And then the next step is to create organic activity around public entities, so whether that's businesses, public figures like athletes and celebrities and types of folks that people want to interact with on these different platforms, and we did that on Facebook in News Feed group pages, and we're working on a number of different ways to do that in Messenger. One of those is bots. And one of the good things about bots that we've seen is that it can decrease the amount of time that you have to wait before you get a reply back from interacting with a message. So what we've seen – we've done some research on this. A lot of people every day in Facebook today are already messaging pages and businesses directly, and the businesses respond. But what we've actually also found is that through some of our AI research, we can look at the responses that businesses give to common questions and can confidently provide the right reply a lot of the time. And when we can do that, then that decreases the latency. And predictably, people want to do more of that activity. So that's one way that I think you're going to see bots work, between people who are actually driving the businesses directly will need to in some way train or answer questions for people, but we can build artificial intelligence that can learn from people how to automate a lot of that and make that experience a lot faster for people who want to interact with businesses and public figures. And of course then, after you start building out that segment of businesses and then public figures on the platform, then on top of that you have just a good amount of intent on these platforms to build a good business on top of that. That's stage three.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So Instant Articles is all about the quality of the consumer experience. Right now for links that are not Instant Articles, it can be one of the slowest parts of the Facebook app. You're browsing through a News Feed, you tap on a link, if you're not on a good connection, the content isn't cached, it can take 10 or 20 seconds in some cases for that content to load. And people in our community, they don't know the difference about whether that content is coming from Facebook or a different place. They hold us accountable for making their experience quick, and we want to do everything we can to do that. So Instant Articles makes it so that any publisher around the world now can deliver a really great native experience instantly with no latency in loading it. And we're just seeing that people like to engage with that a lot more. So that's where we're most excited about there.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: All right, let's talk about engagement first. So overall sharing is up across Facebook, and people are spending more time on Facebook and the whole family of apps. And that is not just the case for the aggregate of the growing community, but it's actually also the case on a per-person basis as well in terms of people sharing more and spending more time individually. Now one of the things that we see is that the way that we are sharing is always changing, and some of this is because of underlying technical transition. So on desktop, for example, it's easier to type, so we saw more text posts. On mobile, it's easier to take videos, so we see more videos. On desktop, people would have more commonly uploaded an album of photos that they took from their digital camera and downloaded onto their computer; whereas on mobile, the more common behavior is to take a single photo or a couple and just post those. So there are all these transitions. And that's our job, is to make it so that we build great tools that people – everyone around the world can share anything that they want with everyone. Now the other thing that's also true is that people want to share with lots of different kinds of audiences. So Facebook gives you the ability to share with all of your friends and publicly if you want and with groups. But we're also investing in things like Messenger and WhatsApp because a lot of people want to share increasingly messages privately one on one or with very small groups. So in addition to Messenger, which is at 900 million people a month, and WhatsApp, which is at more than 1 billion people a month, Facebook Groups is also at more than 1 billion people a month, which I think represents the increasing diversity of the different types of audiences that people want to share with. But ultimately, I think that humans have such a deep desire to express themselves and want to connect with the people around them that I think that all of these audiences and all of these different types of media should grow over time. And it's our job to basically make sure that we build good products and get rid of all the bugs and make it so the performance is fast, and all the basic stuff works, that way we get there. But in general, right now all the high-level trends look pretty positive on that. I think I'll kick it off to Dave to go through your questions about some of the technical pieces about the reclassification.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So on the acquisition philosophy, I've talked about how I think the social ecosystem will play out on a number of these calls. The basic theory that we have is that there are a small number of services that are going to be ubiquitous utilities that 1 billion or 2 billion or more people are going to want to use. So that's core basic messaging, the core functionality around having your real identity and connecting with all of your real friends and family online. Those are things that we just think are just going to be ubiquitous. So we want to build those. At the same time, we also think that there are going to be many, many good businesses and different other social use cases where there are people doing good work and building different companies that we feel no need to own those things. So I think that people come up from time to time and suggest, should we buy this company or that. And what we look at are what are the things that we think are going to be ubiquitous tools, and who are the most talented people in the world to build this. And so when you think about something like virtual and augmented reality, that's how we thought about that. Those are going to be important platforms over time. It's very early obviously. It's going to take a long time to get there. And a lot of what we felt like we were buying there was a critical mass of the best people and the best technology to go do all the things that we needed to go do over the next 10 years to drive that home and turn that into a big platform. You asked a question about virtual and augmented reality. What are going to be the big use cases? For the first few years of virtual reality, I think gaming and video are going to be the big ones. The initial market that we look at are all the people who have Xboxes, PlayStations, and Wiis, the people who are excited to have an immersive media experience sitting in their living room for a long period of time, and that's a pretty big market. Even though that's not all of what we hope to eventually serve and that's not the full potential of these new platforms, I think that is one case where you can obviously deliver better and richer experiences than you can with the current generation of technology. Video is going really well. I shared a stat before in some of my comments that on Gear VR alone, we are now at more than 2 million hours of video have been watched on the platform, so that's really exciting. And that of course will be bolstered by the fact that these new 360 videos can not only be watched in VR, so in the headsets, but we're building tools so you can share them on News Feed and through our products elsewhere as well. So I think that's exciting. Over time there will be even more, but that I think should be enough to have some initial use. But again, I do want to really emphasize, this is early and it's going take a long time. And I know there's a lot of hype around this, and we're just focused on building this to be very good over the long term.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: So the biggest thing that we're focused on with artificial intelligence is building computer services that have better perception than people, so the basic human senses like seeing, hearing, language, core things that we do. I think it's possible to get to the point in the next five to 10 years where we have computer systems that are better than people at each of those things. That doesn't mean that the computers will be thinking or be generally better, but that is useful for a number of things. So for example, I talked about earlier, we are building this Moments app, so that way you can take photos on your phone. And if you use this app, our face recognition can look at the photos that you take and suggest that you might want to share photos that you took with a friend in them with that person. So that way, all the photos that might be of you and your friends' camera rolls, they can share with you. Another example is just spam filtering and just making sure that we can actually read the content and understand what's interesting to you or not and not show that. One obvious thing I think over time is if you just look at the way that we rank News Feed, today we use some basic signals like who you're friends with and what pages you like as some of the most important things for figuring out what – out of all of the millions and millions of pieces of content that are on Facebook, what we're going to show and what are going to be the most interesting things to you. That's because today our systems can't actually understand what the content means. We don't actually look at the photo and deeply understand what's in it or look at the videos and understand what's in it or read the links that people share and understand what's in them, but in the future we'll be able to, I think in a five or 10-year period. So all of these millions and millions of pieces content that are out there, whether or not you've added someone as a friend or have liked a page, we'll be able to know a lot better what types of things are going to be interesting to you to produce a much better feed of content. So that's just a basic example of where having human-level perception broadly is going to yield better experiences in a lot of the things that people care about today.
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg: And on Live video, the theme that I think is most important is just that there's so much that people want to express and share with the people around them that they don't have the tools to do today. And I think about this huge opportunity, not just in Live video, but in a lot of things that we're talking about. One interesting example recently that I touched on earlier is between Messenger and WhatsApp, we're around 60 billion messages a day. And SMS at its peak we think was around 20 billion messages a day. And just unlocking some of the friction that existed in SMS and improving the product a little bit and removing the small fee that was there has just unlocked a huge amount of expression. And we think that this is going to be the case in all different types of media and with all different audiences that a person would share it with. So in video, there are billions and billions of videos that are viewed every day on Facebook. Live is a very small part of it. The reason why we give disproportionate attention to it is because we're trying to help push forward new formats that are not just about consuming content but are really about interacting, so Live, 360 video, and there will be others in the future. And so yes, to answer your question, I do think that multiple products and companies can succeed in building these things. I also think that there are going to be a lot more interactive forms of video than just Live and 360 like we're talking about now. And I think that this extends not just to video but for all the different types of media and audiences that we're serving. So we're very excited about continuing to do our work to help unlock all the expression and connection that people want to do.
