Sheryl Sandberg: Yeah, I can take that. When you start at the top of this, you really have to think about what personalized ads are. And we think they're better for people and businesses, and they're especially important to small businesses. They also can be delivered, can be done in a very privacy, safe way. There are 2 big challenges coming from this iOS changes. One is targeting and one is measurement. I'm taking the second one first. On measurement, we think we can address more than half of that under reporting by the end of the year and make more progress in the years ahead. We estimate we're underreporting iOS web conversions. We believe that real-world conversions like sales and app installs are higher. And so we have to do the work to help clients measure these properly in order for them to really understand the outcomes they're getting and improving performance. And again, we think we can get a good chunk of that done this year and more in the next year. Targeting is a longer-term challenge. Our direct response products are built on user level conversions. And as a result of the IOS changes, we don't see the same level of conversion data coming through. So we have to rebuild our targeting and optimization systems to work with less data. So this is a multiyear effort, we're developing privacy enhancing technology to minimize the amount of personal information we learn, and using more aggregate or anonymized data, while still allowing us to show those relevant personalized ads and measure ads effectiveness. In order for this to really work and benefit all businesses, team requires some cross industry collaboration and more commerce tools. And those are going to be longer-term efforts.
Sheryl Sandberg: Some of the technology we can build ourselves. We build AI, we make continued investments in AI that help us maintain or improve long-term performance data. We're building some of our own commerce tools. And those are tools we can build that we need other people to adopt. And then some of the targeting opportunities, we see , tools we can build -- or tools we can build in industry collaboration. We're really working as part of several industry collaborative groups on what those tools will look like, and how those get adopted. So those obviously take more partnership and are less on our direct control.
Sheryl Sandberg: In terms of the overall targeting. I think it's hard to say here and decide exactly where we're going to end up at the all of this. It is going to be a multiyear effort. We've definitely seen a hit already, and we're definitely focused on tools to help advertisers. We think we have opportunities to strengthen targeting ourselves. Both by the work we do ourselves and as part of industry consortium. You're right in your question in that advertisers have to make a choice of where they advertise. So the question for us is how good our targeting can be compared to others. I think our targeting can suffer compared to others like Apple, who has the direct data themselves. But I think our targeting still remains, I think in very, very -- many ways, very good for advertisers. When you compare us on ROI, we've always performed well, we still do. Even though we've taken a hit and we're focused on continuing to do that for businesses.
Sheryl Sandberg: On commerce, we have a lot of commerce activity on our platform already. People are discovering lots of products through our feed and Stories ads. This is our largest ad vertical and COVID really accelerated it, but it's also been one of the fastest growing verticals over a 5-year period. We believe we tried hundreds of billions of dollars of offsite e-commerce, gross merchandise volume today through our ads business. And we think commerce tools will be billed and layered on top of that to help businesses reach more new customers and drive more incremental sales. In these commerce efforts we'll focus on 3 areas. Continuing to be the best place to advertise, making it easier to sell on the platform, and improving the customer experience. And I think we're in different places on those in the first in terms of continuing to be the best place to advertise, we are a great place to find customers. We think that ROI is very strong and continues to be competitive. In terms of making it easier the second to sell on the platform. Here we are catching up to other mobile and web shopping experiences. And I think we have some work to do there. And in the third, improving the consumer experience to encourage people to shop. I think we're also making progress there, but we've got some room to grow.
Dave Wehner: Hey, Eric. On the outlook on expenses in 2022, it's obviously early, but we wanted to give an initial outlook of our expected expense range since we typically do that in Q3. Mark outlined we have a lot of priorities that we're investing against across the business that includes a lot of areas in the core sort of Family of Apps, but also in FRL. We've got a lot of priorities in advertising, AI, commerce, privacy. So when you pull all these things together, we've got a pretty robust spending plan next year. The primary driver is going to be accelerating headcount growth in 2022, so that's going to be something you'll see, headcount coming in above 20%, obviously that we have this quarter. And we also expect to have higher expenses from office operations and travel once larger parts of the workforce are returning to the office in 2022. We're not providing a specific breakdown at this point for segment expense.
Dave Wehner: Hey, Doug, it's Dave. We're not at this point providing a specific revenue outlook for 2022. We continue to see opportunities to grow both, impressions and price next year, but we're obviously coming off an incredibly strong year of revenue growth in 2021. So we do expect deceleration in growth in 2022 from the full-year 2021 rate. And this -- there's uncertainty implied in our range for Q4 revenue, and I think that holds true for the 2022 outlook as well. There's a lot of factors at play, including advertisers working their way through the impact of the Apple platform changes. We're obviously navigating a challenging macroeconomic environment. We'll have a better sense of how these things work together as we get through the holiday season. But yeah, given the expense growth that we outlined, which is implied in the 30 -- north of 30%, we don't expect revenue growth at that level, so we would expect 2022 margins to be lower than 2021. France, we go to the next question.
Dave Wehner: Yeah. Justin, I can actually take both of those questions. In terms of the younger demographics. Our products are obviously widely used by young adults and we remain focused on building out those product capabilities and continuing to focus on making our products relevant for that audience. I think Reels is a big part of that strategy. And we've now got that -- we've got that rolled out in over a 100 countries since launching in August of last year. And we're continuing to invest in that experience and make ongoing product enhancements. And so that's probably one of our -- one of our big focus points that I would point to in terms of the IDFA.
Dave Wehner: Yeah, Justin, on the iOS question as it relates to Q4 versus Q3. The bulk of iOS 14 updates were completed as we entered Q3, which contributed to this step-up in the impact from Q2 to Q3. Since iOS 14 is now widely adopted, we don't expect a similar step-up in Q4. But importantly, we haven't gone through a holiday season with these changes, and prices are higher during the holidays given strong demand, and so there's uncertainty how that will intersect with the challenges on targeting and measurement coming from the iOS changes. So I think that brings some uncertainty into the Q4 outlook that's reflected in our guidance range. We can go to the next question, France.
Dave Wehner: And Youssef, just on overall the engagement trends. Our products are widely used by teens, but we are facing tough competitions from the likes of TikTok particularly and Snapchat. And we're focused on obviously continuing to innovate and roll out products like Reels and attract the younger demographics, and retain the younger demographics for our products. And that's why we're continuing to build and invest in those areas.
Dave Wehner: Hey, Mark, it's Dave on the first question. Yes, the Apple platform changes were the largest factor in terms of Q3 headwinds. I mean, it was really the first full quarter impact of those new ATT policy changes following just the increase consumer adoption ramp of the iOS updates. And if it really weren't for that, we would have expected sequential growth Q2 to Q3. So that was the largest headwind in the quarter.
Dave Wehner: Hey, Ross, it's Dave, we're giving sort of specific quantitative revenue guidance on Q4. I think if you look at the range, it's from a sequential growth basis on a seasonal basis, Q3 to Q4. It's lower sequential growth than we've seen historically. So I do think that reflects some of the uncertainty that we're seeing out there as it relates to how IDFA -- sorry, the iOS 14 and ATT and IDFA impacts play into pricing during the holidays. And also the macroeconomic factors like the supply chain issues. So I do think the seasonal sequential growth is lower than we've seen in the past and with the range, I think that reflects that uncertainty.
Dave Wehner: Yes, John, I mean, it's -- we're not the macroeconomic authority on all things. I would tell you that what we're hearing from advertisers is they are seeing supply chain issues that was true in Q3 and had an impact there as well as we expect that to continue to carry over into Q4. There also -- obviously that intersects with the challenges with the targeting and measurement headwinds from iOS 14. So it's hard to parse exactly how the platform issues and the macroeconomic factors will play into Q4. But I think those are the 2 biggest factors driving the range of potential outcome that we have outlined in our guidance. In terms of Reels and other IG services, I can take a crack at that, and then Mark and Sheryl want to add anything. Whenever we launch new experiences, this was true with Stories, it was true with Facebook Watch, and you’re always going to see some amount of shifting of people's time and attention to the new areas. And we do think that that benefits the experience overall, and we think that makes the overall experience more engaging over time. And we do think that it's -- we're able to with Reels drive incremental engagement with Instagram and Facebook. So that's why we're investing to do that.
Dave Wehner: And Mark on the recruiting front, obviously, we've got a -- big investments a year planned in 2022 that's going to be largely driven by recruiting. We're going to have to do that globally. We're looking to build technical talent. We're going to be hiring people to do more remote work and focusing on that, we're going to be investing in headcount outside of the bay area and continuing to focus on building our technical and product capabilities across the globe. Europe is an important part of that, and that's why it was outlined in that announcement.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Sure, Brent. I mean, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our 2022 outlook really reflects the -- a significant increase in our plan investment in areas like AI machine learning. And a lot of that will be dedicated to investing in areas where we can use machine learning to improve ranking and recommendations to power experiences across our products. In areas like feed and in emerging areas like Reels we'll also be dedicating that to ads as we work to improve ads relevance, and leveraging. Machine learning and AI to help balance out the loss of signal that we've experienced from some of the platform changes. So we think that we can, as part of, sort of making our ads even more effective, make up for that loss with large investments on machine learning and AI side. And I think our position gives us a good ability to do that. So that's really part of the logic behind the big increase in the CapEx budget next year.
Mark Zuckerberg: I can talk about metaverse and Reality Labs part of this. So for the next 1 and 3 years, especially, I think what you'll see is us putting more of the foundational pieces into place. This is not an investment that is going to be profitable for us anytime in the near future. But we basically believe that the metaverse is going to be the successor to the mobile Internet that it's going to enable social experiences that are the ultimate expression of what we try to build, which is allowing people to feel really present with the people they care about, no matter where they actually are. And we think it's going to unlock a massively larger creative economy of both digital and physical good that would exist today and allow millions of people to be able to do work doing what they love, and enabling a whole different economy around that but I think there's going to be another important pillar of our business over the next decade. So on the next one to three years, I almost I wouldn't focus on the sort of business outcome there quite as much as I would just the product and the infrastructure that we're putting in place. So there's a new platform, there's hardware components, there's the whole virtual reality product line. There's Augmented Reality product line. We're kind of starting with those pieces in place. There's the operating system and development models for all these new creative tools. There's the commerce parts of what we're doing around this, and how they  a broader commerce efforts across family of apps. And then there's all the social platform work that we're doing with our Horizon effort that touches a bunch of different areas of what we're doing. But I think you'll see all of those pieces start to get built out and starts to mature a bit over the next few years. And then if we do a good job on this, and I would say later in this decade is when we would sort of expect this to be more of a real business story, but I think what we think about for the near-term as we delivering the product experiences that are completely groundbreaking, and that people try and may just think this is amazing. And can see the glimpse of where this is going. And that will pave the way for the future. And the business north star that I mentioned in my opening remarks there, we hope that by the end of the decade that we can help a billion people use the metaverse and support hundreds of billions of dollars of digital commerce. And I think if we can do that then this will be a good investment over that -- over the long term.
Mark Zuckerberg: Maybe  Reels. Yeah. I think that this is going to be very meaningful, qualitative change in how people use a lot of different products across the engine. I think every once in a while if format comes along, that allows new types of contents, right? We saw this with News Feed. We saw it with stories, and I think Reels is, from everything I've seen, has the potential to be something of that scale, where there are different flavors of it in different apps. But I think as a format, it can be very fundamental. And I think we are still closer to the beginning of that journey than we are to its maturity in terms of just having rolled out some of the initial tests and experiences and rolled it out in Facebook. And I mean, you mentioned all the countries that have been in Instagram, but it's just continuing to grow very quickly. So I think that that's going to be a big part of focus here. And I think we'll -- I'm excited over the next year or two to see how that growth, and I would bet will be like Stories is in our products today. Sorry, Dave. Go for it.
Mark Zuckerberg: I'll take the first and then Dave will talk about whatever numbers you want to share. The first let me say I think we have -- on Thursday connects, we're going to be going into quite a bit of detail about our vision for the metaverse and how we think we can help contribute to building this side. I encourage all of you to tune in. Part of that that we are going to talk about is Horizon, how that fits into this. And we've been steadily working on this and on boarding more creators and more people to it. And we're adding more worlds all the time. And I think you're right, I think this is going to be a critical part of at least our platform and the work that we're doing here. We released Workrooms recently. I'm really excited about how that experience has come together. And I think it's your point, you mentioned it's important to have a VR social experience. I actually think it's important to have an experience that goes across all of the platforms. I don't think we're going to end up with is just a -- coming out like a VR social network, I think you want to be able to have these experiences where you can feel present with people and have this immersive experience. It's going to be best secure in VR or in AR and your hologram. But it needs to be able to work everywhere, it needs to be able to work across our whole Family of Apps, it needs to be able to work on the web, and on phones, and on computers. So there's a lot to do. And whether we call it beta or not, I think the reality is we're going to be -- this is kind of similar to the question before about where we're going to be in a year, 3 years, there's a lot of foundational infrastructure that just needs to get built up here. And part of what we're trying to reflect in the segment reporting and all that is we're committed to doing this work. It's going to be a big investment. We want to be transparent about it. But we think it's very exciting and a huge opportunity for the future, and I encourage you to tune in on Thursday to hear more.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. And I can speak a bit to AI. My answer is yes, I think it's made a big impact. We issued these quarterly transparency reports, which I should add we're industry-leading on this and both in terms of just finding that and in terms of the depth of what we outlined, that people can hold us accountable and kind of see the breakdown on how we're actually doing, but what we measure in those reports and disclose, is what percent of the content that we act on is our AI or  systems finding rather than people haven't reported. I'm convinced we have a lot of people who use our products, if they find something that's problematic and they report stuff to us and they used to be before the last several years, but most of what we did for community integrity was just respond to incoming reports. But we decided, hey, we should really try to get in front of this and build really sophisticated systems that we're not just relying on people to tell us when there are issues, but we can proactively go address that. And in most of these categories, and we're basically gotten to the point now where 90 plus percent of the content, we're basically -- that we act on, we're identifying largely through the AI systems and it varies a bit by category. So for categories like nudity, where it's relatively good year to train a computer to identify that. The numbers are very high. Some of the categories. like hate speech that have been harder because, first of all, we're operating and it's around 150 languages around the world. I also think there's a lot of cultural nuance in there, where you want to make sure you understand the innuendo in all those languages. And that you want to make sure that people can say and denounce racism. If someone is saying something racist to encourage someone to do something hateful that's bad. But if someone wants basically say, hey, I saw this person doing this and people shouldn't be doing that, then you don't want to censor people doing that. So it ends up being a very challenging problem. And for the first couple of years of working on this, and we're still at a relatively low recall rate. Where our AI systems had 10%, 15% of the content that we were addressing, we were dealing with proactively. But the recent years, the AI progress has been very impressive. We're now above 90% of the content that we take an action on there is also practice even with hate speech. So overall, let me take this question slightly different direction, which is I know that there's a lot of scrutiny of our efforts and I guess I just wanted to say to the team and the people who work on this. So I'm really proud of the progress that they've made. I think we have the best people in the world and we're doing the best job of it, I believe across any Company in the industry. And I think this is an important area. There should be scrutiny on it, but I also think that any honest account of what's actually going on here should take into account that a huge amount of progress has been made and will continue to be made by a lot of talented people who are working on that.
