Sheryl Sandberg: On payments, our payments business has been important in supporting some of the developer activity on Facebook, primarily games. So we continue to be interested in that. I guess really important to know that, our advertising business is very relevant for e-commerce and that doesn't depend on taking payments and it doesn't depend on a payment strategy because we provide a really great opportunity for marketers to find customers who are then going to go ahead and buy their products both online and offline. In terms of relevance, I think we are in really early innings. I think people can see it from their own experience. Those people I talk to and certainly the data we have across the base of people use Facebook suggest that the ads are getting more relevant, but there is a long way to go. Our goal is that every time you open newsfeed, every time you look at Facebook, you see something whether it's from consumers, or whether it's from marketers, that really delights you, that you're genuinely happy to see. I think we hit that more than we used to with our ads, but I think the truth is we still have a long way to go to hit that bar and that's the bar we are striving for.
Sheryl Sandberg: On pricing, we don't break our pricing by type of ad, but overall in the ecosystem, our prices are up as Mark said, the effective price per ad shown is driven up by more ads and newsfeed, and that's because newsfeed ads have significantly higher engagement and click-through rates.
Sheryl Sandberg: On video ads, video represents a really big opportunity, really driven by consumer behavior. Smartphones are going better and faster and more people have phones that can provide a great video experience. So we're seeing consumers do a lot more in video. There's also a lot more video going through newsfeed that consumers are putting in and that creates an opportunity for us, both on the consumer side and the ad side. We have our current product in the market, it's a click to play video ad, it's part of the page post, you can post the video. Those are so both CPM and CPC and those are going really well and I think explains some of the growth we are seeing in our ads business. We also have been in early conversations with some clients about what would be a CPM autoplay video ad and in terms of the expectations for that, we really want to see autoplay video ads be something that's pretty common in the newsfeed experience based on consumer usage before we push very hard in the ads business. So we remain, long term very excited, we do expect that product, demand to premium product but as I said in my remarks, we won't see a material contribution from it this year.
Sheryl Sandberg: Our goal is to make newsfeed as engaging as possible and I think if you look at the engagement we have on mobile, we're getting 20% of mobile time on Facebook in the U.S. and growing globally as well. I think you see with that engagements grade, I'm sure your friends love seeing your kids play basketball. I think they probably like to see more of those. And when and if we deliver a really great ad experience and ads that you love, something you're interested in, I think you're going to like that just as much, we look forward to the growth.
Sheryl Sandberg: On mobile app ads, we've seen really strong adoption and this is a very nascent but growing market. I think people sometimes think that a lot of our mobile ad revenue is coming from this one type of ad and our mobile ad revenue is very broad based. We know you're seeing in newsfeed and what we see are ads from brand marketer's direct response, SMB's end developers and so we're pretty distributed there and pretty happy about that. I think it's not surprising that other people are entering states, it's obviously growing, it's one that performs well. I think we continue to be excited by the results we're seeing for our marketers and developers. The results we are seeing from consumers and we think the fact that we've already been investing and learning and growing, puts us in a great position to continue to have a very strong product offering even in a more competitive space.
Sheryl Sandberg: On Instagram, Instagram is a great product. I think that's why we see so much engagement from people who are using it and the gross passing 200 million. It's also a great advertising product and there's just tons of demand because you know, the picture themselves are so visually appealing and also there's so much consumer engagement. We're in really early days, we've seen some great results, just to mention one, Levi's is running an ad, which is basically pictures of people wearing denim in really beautiful outdoor spaces. They targeted people 18 to 34 in United States. Reached over seven million people and importantly they drove a 24%-- 24 point left in ad recall which was three times the control group. So, I think that shows that just as people engage with consumer pictures on Instagram, they're going to engaged with the right pictures from marketers. That said, we're very focused on consumer growth and we move slowly and deliberately in monetization. So, we don't see the need or the urge to ramp this as quickly as we possibly could but really want to grow it slowly, grow it deliberately and continue the growth on the consumer side and a great returns for marketers.
Sheryl Sandberg: And Nearby Friends, it's a great new features, is an optional feature we just rolled out last week, I don't know if, people have had a chance to try it yet. But, rolling out slowly, but it’s a great product experience one we're excited to be able to offer. We use the information like this to enhance all the services we provide, and make things more relevant including relevant ads.
Sheryl Sandberg: And Nielsen OCR anything that helps advertisers measure their spend is really important. I've talked on the call a bunch about how measuring online and in-store sales really matters. It also matters to marketers to be able to measure their spend compared to other investments they can make. And what OCR has done, it's given advertisers and marketers comparability between TV and digital and our spend. I think in those comparisons we do very well. And I think that is part of the shift that’s happening and its part of why we see growing interest from clients.
Sheryl Sandberg: We had our payments business for a while and we continue to have one and nothing new to apps there. On the first question, I think our adjustable market is much bigger than digital and you see that in the trends. The big trend that’s happening is the shift from consumer time. So last year was the very first time those lines crossed and consumers spent more time in digital, which is mobile and desktop than they did on TV. That continues to grow, so where we are right now is, the average U.S. consumer as an example spent 4.5 hours per day on TV but five and three quarter on digital and that’s largely been driven by mobile. That means that as consumer time and attention shifts, we think ad budget shift as well particularly if you have good mobile ad products and you can measure results. So we definitely believe there will be and continuous to be a shift happening. I talked about a print shift happening with that example of Sport Chek in Canada. But we see this across the board that marketers are looking for the highest ROI they can find and they should be comparing us and everyone else across and they do that not just across digital but across print, across radio, across TV, across any other vehicle they can. I think our investments and measurement really pay-off here. We say to our clients all around the world, we want to earn your business because we want to be the best dollar and the best minute you send because both their dollars and their time are so valuable. And we want them to compare us to the other investments that could make to see who can drive the most value to the bottom line and that's what we are focused on and that goes way beyond digital.
Sheryl Sandberg: On the ad network, we are in very testing for mobile ad network. We do see a big opportunity here. We think because we're people based, we have an opportunity first to provide greater reach for marketers and developers who are working with Facebook across other platforms, but also improve the relevance of the ads people see both on and off Facebook. And I think that has been our core advantage and will continue to be. That said, it's really early days and we're on the early testing phase.
David Ebersman: Yeah. Thanks for the question Doug. I think Q1 is traditionally a light spending quarter for us because we budget with an annual cycle and often it takes some time to sort of ramp up the new program. So I don't think it's surprising that Q1 year-over-year increase would come in a little lighter than we expect for the full year. Additionally there were some one-time things that benefited the quarter, that kept expenses down particularly in cost of revenue as we continue to exit lease data centers and sort of amend our supply chain. I think that going forward our expectation was and remains the 40% to 45% growth excluding the impact from the acquisitions. So, we will update that guidance once the integration plans are clearer and have a better sense for what those spend patterns will look like. In general in terms of margins, the comments I would make are that, we don’t have a quarter-to-quarter target margin that we're managing closely to. To do so, would require varying our spend patterns as revenue changes up and down over time. And I think that's the wrong way to focus on how you spend your money in the company. Our priority is really to try and make investments that are high quality that drive the creation of value and makes the business better. And since many of those investments take a longer period to mature, we want to be able to think about our spend increases over a longer term horizon. And as you can see looking back at the last couple of years and then our plans for this year, there has been a pretty steady rate at which we've been growing spend particularly in R&D and marketing and sales where we really want to focus on making sure we're growing smartly and thoughtfully at a rate we can manage wisely and doesn't get ahead of our ability to manage it. On cost of revenue and G&A what you can see in the Q1 numbers is the fruits of a lot of labor trying to manage those parts of the business really efficiently and free up resources to invest elsewhere. So, I think we've always believed that Facebook has the opportunity to be a sustainably high margin business and we continue to believe that, noting that there were some individual items that helped us in Q1.
David Ebersman: I don't know that I would read anything into that yet. We haven't identified that as a trend that we're focused on at this point. The number is $2 bucks around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter in various regions.
David Ebersman: Thanks Anthony, I'm happy to take the first part of the question. I think in the first quarter we delivered strong performance across all the advertiser segments that we focus on. And so I think they are all growing nicely. We don't have a perfect measure for what kind of demand is, brand versus DR per say, because someone doesn't have to input that into the system when they come in. We've lots of things we do to try and find surrogates for that and are happy to see using some of that data, we're seeing nice growth across the various segments.
David Ebersman: So, Justin on the -- the acquisition is the most important thing we'll do to truly I would say justify, the delusion will be to make those acquisitions successful and over time ensure that the unique assists that we're buying contribute to Facebook success and to our cash flows over time. This business is obviously in really healthy shape right now in terms of the cash it's generating and we look forward at the moment to really continuing to prioritize where it's appropriate, investing that in the business to drive future growth.
David Ebersman: Yeah, thanks Youssef. So as Mark sort of alluded to earlier as it relates to ad load, what we're trying to do is optimize across multiple variables that really produce the best experience for people who use the network and help us to grow the business. And ad load is one of the variables that we look at. And of course we also look at things like the size of the ad, the prominence of the ads and of course the quality of the ads. And what we're trying to do is to continually really tweak all of those variables and then measure what impacts we're having on engagements, on feedback from people, on revenue and trying to optimize using that data and the changes that we've made. And I think the story there is a really good one. Things continue to go very well obviously in terms of revenue what you see, but also in terms of engagement, in terms of feedback we get from people when we survey them. So we think we remain in a really very strong position in that way. Actually we'd not validate the assertion that you gave that the ad load increased dramatically in the timeframe you described since that's not consistent in aggregate with our data. What I can say is that, every person who uses Facebook has their own experience and the experience including the ad experience is personalized based on the other content we have available based on how much they've engaged with ads we've shown in the past etcetera. So, ideally we'd like to personalize not just the organic content that you see, but also your ad experience in a way that's really optimized for you and your interests.
David Ebersman: And I think that Jan specifically called out a few countries including Russia and Brazil and I think India is some of the fastest growing markets for WhatsApp. So I'd just direct you that statement and you should read that for more information on how they're doing and we'll update you more when the deal closes.
David Ebersman: Yes John, obviously the Q1 ad revenues growth here was 82% which is fantastic and a real tribute to the team and the platform. One of the things that contributed to that growth rate is the ramp up of newsfeed ads that in Q1 of last year was still really early in that part of the journey and so the comparison between the state of newsfeed ads in the Q1 we're reporting now in a year ago is meaningfully different. As you'll remember from last year, newsfeed ad really ramped up in the second quarter and revenue growth ramped up as well. So that’s just going to impact the comparisons in the subsequent quarters of the year. Having said that, there is lots of things that we're focused on, that will continue to drive our ad revenue growth including more users and critically more marketer demand. So bringing more marketers into the system, improving our products and tools to increase their returns and their ability to measure those returns and generally improving the quality and relevance and value of the ad. So those are the things that we'll stay focused on.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yeah, well timing matters a lot and so, I do think that there's nothing wrong with the standard of HTML5 technically. I think a lot of what we see is what the main platform providers want to push as the standard for developing on their own platforms. And what we've seen is that both Apple and Google have really favored and made it easier to build high quality experiences in their own proprietary formats rather than the open web format. So, while our bias for a number of reasons would have been to have really pushed on HTML5 and I don't want to sound like we've walked away from this because a large number of people access Facebook from the mobile web and I don't know if we break that out specifically but it's quite a large number of people. So, we're continuing to develop that, but for the foreseeable future, we see the best path to continuing to deliver great experiences by working on the native app experiences that we have now.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. I think I can probably take both of those. So in terms of building out a whole communication ecosystem, the way that we think about the new apps and products that we're building is that people want to share all kinds of different content with all kinds of different audiences. Right so, sometimes you want to have one-on-one conversation or text or chat or voice call up to having a small group conversation to communicating, updating all your friends and something at once. And sometimes there is really good public content, whether it’s news or premium video or things like that. At the intersection of each type of content and each audience, we think that there is a really compelling experience to be built. And Facebook historically is focused on friends and public content, now with Messenger and WhatsApp we're taking a couple of different approaches towards more private content as well. You're going to see us do more things in more private content I think, I don’t know that’s an ecosystem that's growing incredibly quickly and also that speaks to why WhatsApp and Messenger are both growing independently quickly is because they actually serve pretty different used cases within private sharing and private content. In terms of our investments, I think you want to look at it, I kind of outline this in my remarks, but I think it's important enough to say again. There are different stages of maturity for the different things that we're doing. So, the Facebook app by itself is the furthest along and more than a billion people use it and it's not only one of the most used apps, but it's the most used app it's also at the core of our business. Then the second set of apps that we have are Messenger, Instagram and soon WhatsApp and you know Messenger and Instagram are each now greater than 200 million active users. I think the WhatsApp folks independently announced, I think it was yesterday that they just passed 500 million active. So these are apps that are now at a pretty big scale and the immediate priority is going to be getting them to a billion people where they're continuing to focus on that before focusing on monetization and the way that we have with the core Facebook app, so that's kind of a second stage. The third set are the new Facebook Creative Labs apps that we're just getting started. The things like Paper and a number of other things that we might announce that at some point. Those are even further along than even Messenger, Instagram and WhatsApp, where it will probably take few years for those to even to get to the stage that Instagram, Messenger and WhatsApp are at, which by themselves are probably a few years away from being important businesses for us. So that's kind of the pipeline of things that we see and there is kind of a full ecosystem of different ways the people want to share with different people. In terms of ads going to your second question, I don't actually think we have a strategy that decrease ad impression. I think what you're seeing and what David mentioned is, we have newsfeed ads, which are higher quality and perform better and then we have this legacy of right hand column ads on desktop, which generally are just showing higher volume and they performed less well per ad unit. So as we shift more towards newsfeed, what you're seeing is the total raw number of impressions as decreasing, but actually the amount of value that we're delivering is increasing. So that might continue to shift as we continue to shift towards mobile, but I think overall what we're trying to do is make it that the individual load on a per person basis is isn’t increasing at a dramatic rate, but instead we're driving most of the wins in user experience, advertiser performance and our own revenue to increasing the quality primarily around newsfeed ads. And we think that there is quite a lot to go there as Sheryl said. We want to get to a state where the ad content is as good as the organic content and we see we're getting pretty close in a few countries but we want to get to that everywhere.
Mark Zuckerberg: Unfortunately, I don’t think I'm going to have much color on either of those. We are constantly doing things to make it so that people can share the content that they want, that they have the tools, that the new network showing them most relevant content to people. That is always going to be the way that people will use the service not through some kind of trick or something that we're using to reengage people. One stat that I think is pretty interesting is that, you would expect naturally that as our -- the community continues to grow and we're getting into later and later adapters, that the percent of people who are using Facebook or use it every day would decrease. And I have actually predicted for a long time, that eventually that would flatten out and I thought it would decrease but actually it continues to increase much to our surprise and joys. And you know now this quarter I think, we're add almost 63% of people who use Facebook in a month will use it in a given day. And I think another stat, I think is actually quite interesting, is we tracked how many people use Facebook not just every day. So I mean one day out of -- so what percent of our monthly folks use it today. But what percent of people used it six out of seven days of the week. And that number for the first time in the last quarter passed 50%. So I mean that's pretty crazy if you think about is that, you have this really big engaged community and not only are almost 63% of people touching it in a given day and using the service because it's really engaging content, but we've gone to a period where more than 50% of people have used it six out of seven a week, almost every single day of a week. That just speaks to I think - just the underlying kind of fundamental strength in the content and the work that we're doing just surface the best content of best people.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes, I mean on app-installs, I actually think we see more diversity in the customers and developers on mobile now then we saw on desktop with Canvas. So Canvas the business was almost entirely games that is now -- we see that a lot of these games, but a lot of it is other kind of folks because I mean everyone who is building apps on mobile needs installs and we have the number one products out there for delivering that. So, we see that happening and we feel pretty good about that.
Mark Zuckerberg: Well, a lot of what we're trying to do with internet.org is making so that everyone has the cellular networks that they need to be able to get on the Internet and access basic services, which we think are text-based communication services, whether it's things like social networks or messaging or email or search, whether stock prices,-- like basic stuff like that, that people will use on a day-to-day basis, but don't require huge amount of data. We're pretty happy with the early progress that we've made. We have a multi-year initiative to work with operators around the world to roll-out a program where folks can have free basic services. And as I mentioned before, a lot of the initial work is the initial partnerships were in the Philippines and Paraguay. And what we're really pleased with, even just a few months of work, we were able to help almost three million people get access to data for the first time. So, there is no doubt that going from having no access to data to having some access is a huge jump in terms of the activity on the business that we see -- that's available from people. Moving towards things like LTE later on in the funnel, will be helpful as we move towards richer types of contents like higher resolution photos and videos. so that will be important especially as the mix of content that people share moves towards the richer media. But we're really focused on both and we have a huge investment as well and the internet.org starting just making sure that everyone in the world gets connected.
Mark Zuckerberg: The deal has been closed. We don't have anything to share. But I just would just point you to a blog post that Jan wrote. I think it was yesterday announcing that they just help to connect 0.5 billion monthly asset. We're growing very quickly. So I think that's up to about 460 million monthly is just a couple of months ago when we announced the deal was done in the first place.
