Susan Li: Yes. Thanks, Brian. So as Dave mentioned in his script, we expect 2023 CapEx to be in the range of $34 billion to $39 billion, with our investments in AI driving all of that growth. We’re very focused on evaluating the ROI of our AI investments, and that’ll inform our level of future spend. But so far, we’ve seen continued strong impact on our recommendations products from advancing developments in our AI work. In the Q2 call, we had shared that a single AI advancement in scaling our recommendations models had led to a 15% watch time gain for Facebook Reels, and that gain has continued to grow. And we expect that there will be additional watch time improvements coming from that work. On the ad side, we’re also continuing to roll out more AI and ML improvements in some of the new ads offerings, and we’re encouraged by all of the early examples that we’ve seen. So this is something that we will be watching very closely. We think we’re early in this journey, but our level of CapEx investment will depend on the returns that we generate through these investments in AI. And if we generate significant engagement and revenue gains, we will continue investing here. And if we don’t, we will pace our spending accordingly.
Susan Li: And I’ll take that second question on next year’s OpEx guide. One thing I’d point out first is just next year’s guide includes an estimated $2 billion in 2023 expenses that are one-time charges as part of our office facilities consolidation as we continue to rationalize our real estate footprint. We also expect a little over half of our expense dollar growth in 2023 to come from OpEx, with the rest coming from cost of revenue. On the OpEx side, the growth in 2023 OpEx is primarily driven by headcount-related costs from employees that we’ve already hired through 2022, and those hires have primarily been concentrated in technical and more senior roles. So we expect the slowdown in payroll growth in 2023 will be the result of the slowdown in headcount growth overall. As we mentioned, we expect to end 2023 with headcount roughly flat to where we are now. And on the cost of revenue side, we expect the growth rate of cost of revenue to accelerate in ‘23 driven by the increased depreciation that we’re seeing play through from the big CapEx investments that we’ve made so far and then as well as from Reality Labs with the launch of the next generation of the consumer Quest headset later next year.
Susan Li: And on your second question about the CapEx guide, I would really think about our CapEx investment as kind of the AI and non-AI components. On the AI side, which really is driving all of the CapEx growth in 2023, we will be pacing that future investment on the basis of the returns that we’re able to see and measure. So frankly, we’re hopeful that there will be a big opportunity to invest more here because we expect that this will be a high ROI area of investment for us. On the non-AI side, a lot of that spend is in ongoing investments on our data center footprint where we had stepped up our investment in recent years to build sort of ahead of our anticipated capacity needs, and that work continues in 2023. We do expect this component of our CapEx spend to become more efficient over time and we are actively looking for more efficiencies there. So I don’t know that we are benchmarking to an exact number on the combination of those two things. The future intensity, I think, is going to depend on the returns that we generate through those increased AI investments.
Susan Li: Hi. It’s Susan on the first question. We haven’t given revenue guidance yet for 2023, but our Q4 2022 guide is a range, and that range certainly encompasses, I think a wide variety of macro expectations. We are certainly in a period right now where we are seeing a slowdown in advertising demand, and that correlates with a lot of things that we are seeing outside of just our sector here, including rising inflation and supply chain issues sort of more broadly across the economy. So, with that in mind, we have undertaken a 2023 budget process that has applied higher scrutiny to almost all of the areas of our very broad investment portfolio, and we have taken what is an intentionally more conservative approach to our budget and our anticipated growth. You asked about the sort of fixed versus variable components of the 2023 OpEx guide. I think I had mentioned that over half – a little over half of that is coming from OpEx, the rest from cost of revenue. So, the cost of revenue piece that has the sort of the growth in depreciation, which is certainly fixed and is just playing through from prior year CapEx growth. Part of that is coming from Reality Labs and the launch of the next-gen consumer Quest headset. So, that sort of corresponds to the product launch. And then on the OpEx side, we – a lot of the growth in 2023 OpEx is coming from employees who we have already hired. We expect that we are going to have the same number of employees end of 2023. So, that’s an area where we are pretty focused on being disciplined also. And then finally, I would just mention, again, there is that $2 billion office facilities consolidation charge that’s also included in the ‘23 OpEx guide.
Dave Wehner: So Mark, it’s Dave. I’ll take the first question. Obviously, we’re continuing to see significant macro headwinds in the business. We do think there is a big cyclical factor here. So, some of it is just going to depend on the broader economy and recovery that we see. But we’re continuing to make progress in a number of areas in terms of growth, and Mark cited one of those, which is click-to-messaging ads, which has been a solid grower. It’s a $9 billion revenue run rate today, and we’re continuing to make good progress on click-to-messaging ads as a driver that’s especially been important in some of the developing markets. And overall, we’re focusing on a number of areas to grow revenue as we get through this tough cycle. And we’re seeing progress on a number of fronts, but it’s going to depend to some extent on what the overall macro climate is like. We’re not going to be facing as significant headwinds next year from the signals point of view as we are now lapping the big changes that were made on the iOS platform. So that’s going to also not factor in as strongly in our growth rates next year.
Dave Wehner: So Justin, on the Reels transition, as Mark noted, it is incremental to time spent. So we are seeing a benefit from Reels to contributing to overall engagement on the platform. And it’s contributing to healthy engagement dynamics. And I’d say that, coupled with our recommendation engine, which is also increasing engagement on the platform, are both promising trends on the engagement front. From a monetization perspective, we are still working to close the gap between Reels and Feeds and Stories, but it’s going to take time before Reels becomes a tailwind to revenue. As Mark mentioned, we’re on about a $3 billion run rate today, but Reels was still negative overall to revenue by about $500 million in the quarter. So we expect that it should be a tailwind to the business eventually. And we’re sort of saying that’s probably in the 12 to 18-month timeframe. But overall, we are pleased with the impact that Reels has on the business, specifically on the engagement front.
Dave Wehner: So in terms of ATT impact, we’re – the primary factor is the lapping factor relative to Q2. So in Q2 of 2021, ATT had not been fully rolled out. It was largely rolled out by Q3 of ‘21. So the fact that we were lapping that period in the third quarter, we got a benefit relative to the second quarter, but that was offset by continued macro weakness. In terms of the efforts to attract content creators, and specifically as it relates to the overall cost structure, we don’t anticipate that, that’s going to have a meaningful impact to the cost structure. And obviously, it’s factored into our expense guidance.
Dave Wehner: Yes. Let me take at least part of that. I mean we are making a number of investments across the portfolio. Marne outlined some that we are making in the ad space. Obviously, the investments that we are making in product areas like Reels and the business messaging platform at WhatsApp are ones that we think will have a significant payoff for the – in business, both in terms of engagement and monetization. So, we are making a wide portfolio of bets. Still, the majority of our spending is directed towards our Family of Apps investment, and those are across both engagement and monetization, leveraging AI in many cases. And we are making good progress on those fronts and then leveraging as well what is today a fairly under-monetized resource in terms of our messaging platforms, building more scale around those as being a source of future revenue growth. We have already proven it out with our business – our click-to-message ads with a $9 billion business today. We think we can build a substantial sized business around paid messaging, which will complement that as well. So, I think we have got a lot of bets across the Family of Apps portfolio in addition to the work that we are doing on Reality Labs and the metaverse.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. And maybe I’ll just add some color on how I’m seeing this, too, just because the Reels and discovery engine work is such a big part of what we’re spending our time and energy on right now. I think there are two comparisons to the things that we’ve done in the past year that are worth anchoring on. For Reels monetization specifically, any time we’ve had a new format, like when we added Stories or even before that when we were primarily on desktop and we shifted to mobile feed, we sort of had this dynamic where we focused on increasing engagement and growing demand for the product. But while that was happening, monetization efficiency for the new format lagged behind kind of the News Feed or mobile News Feed compared to Stories for some period while that was ramping up. And while it’s really hard for us to answer questions now that are like what is the eventual monetization efficiency going to be it’s really hard to predict that in advance. What I can say is I think on Stories, we’ve ended up achieving something that was way greater than what we even hope to achieve at the time, right, in terms of where we thought that Stories could net out. And a lot of the progress that we’ve been making on Reels monetization so far has been at a clip that we’ve been pretty happy with. So obviously, we want to close the monetization gap as quickly as possible. We want this to be a tailwind, not a headwind. I think we’re going to get there. It’s – but I think we’ve gone through a few of these transitions, and I think that’ll just take some time. On the engagement side, in terms of how incremental this is, the basic way to think about this is you have a set amount of inventory across the system. There is content from family and friends, which is quite differentiated and valuable and accounts that you follow. But now there is this whole larger corpus that we can use AI to effectively understand what the content means and understand individually what you might be interested in, just have access to a much bigger corpus of content to put into your feeds and increase engagement. And we’re seeing that start to work already and be incremental in terms of having more people use the services, having them to spend more time, having them spend – just engage more in feeds overall. So that part of things we think is going well. We think we will – we should be able to continue driving results. Some of the results already have been due to some of the AI investments and infrastructure that we’ve made. If our bets are correct, then the AI CapEx that we’re bringing online should be able to drive incremental engagement that’s pretty meaningful there. But we think qualitatively that investment makes just a lot of sense given the direction that the world seems to be going in. And I do think that our somewhat unique mix of both having the kind of social friends and family content and the ability to drive recommendations, which I agree with some – the premise of the question there, and that creators do want their content to be on multiple platforms, which I think is a little bit different from friend content where you want to, for the most part, share where your friends are, and you’re not trying to have it be everywhere. I think we should be able to do pretty well on both of those, and that should grow over time. But that’s – it’s hard for us to be more specific than that now, but I do think that these trends – I mean I get that this takes a little longer to play out than you would want. But we’ve been through a couple of these cycles before already, and I’m pretty confident this is going in a good direction.
Mark Zuckerberg: Sure. Let’s – I can take the first one and then – I mean I guess I could take the second one, too. So, the first question was – what was this…
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. Right. Okay. So, I think that, that’s a factor, but it’s not the primary thing that’s driving it. So, on the business side, I think certainly, you see dynamics like what Apple has done with ATT and continues to do in some ways with the policy that they announced yesterday, which are obviously big risks and we see as issues. But there are also other things that – like we just believe that – and we have invested so much in measurement over time because – since our ads help people higher up in the funnel than search ads, for example, we think that often, less of the value of sales is attributed to us than it should be. So, for all these reasons, having a funnel that’s more integrated where we do more commerce internally, this is a big part of what we hope to achieve with business messaging. And the fact that you can find a customer, have a thread directly with them in a business chat and be able to sell a product directly or to be able to do customer support and then help people out with the product and then maybe sell them something else. That kind of integration, I think is going to be valuable very broadly in terms of making sure that the value that we are creating for businesses and consumers can be more efficiently measured and attributed to our services. A lot of this, though, is it’s not just about fortifying against outside threats. A lot of this is just you can build new and innovative things by – when you control more of the stack yourself. So, I mean in the metaverse sense, a lot of the things that we are trying to enable, right, this feeling of presence, which in a lot of ways is sort of the ultimate social experience when you do it physically or eventually when – as you are doing it virtually, being able to design the hardwares, that way, you can have sensors that can help map your facial expressions and emotions to the avatar that you have. Virtually, I think is going to be just a very profound experience. And you can start to experience that with Quest Pro, which is out now. And it’s just not clear if we weren’t driving this forward than anyone else would be. So, I think that, that sort of integration and innovation is really helpful. Similarly, I think the fact that we can create a lot of the business and commerce platform around our messaging products, but then linked to them from Facebook and Instagram creates some unique experiences that I think would be very hard to create otherwise as well just in terms of having that kind of full loop in the product. So, that like enabling more experiences, I think is really the primary driver. And then the sort of fortification against external risks is certainly a strategic advantage over the long-term, but probably not the only reason why we are doing this.
Mark Zuckerberg: Yes. I mean I just say that there is a difference between something being experimental and not knowing how good it’s going to end up being. But I think a lot of the things that we are working on across the Family of Apps are we are quite confident that they are going to work and be good. The Reels work, the discovery engine work, all the ads work on signals, the business messaging work, we can’t tell you right now how much – how big they are going to scale to be. But I think that each of these things are kind of going in the right direction. Obviously, the metaverse work is a longer term set of efforts that we are working on. But I don’t know. I think that, that is going to end up working, too. So, yes, I think that, look, there are a number of different – there are a lot of things going on right now in the business and in the world. And so it’s hard to have, like, a simple we are going to do this one thing, and that’s going to solve all the issues. I mean there is macroeconomic issues. There is a lot of competition. There is ads challenges, especially coming from Apple. And then there are some of the longer term things that we are taking on expenses because we believe that they are going to provide greater returns over time. And I think we are going to resolve each of these things over different periods of time. And I appreciate the patience. And I think that those who are patient and invest with us will end up being rewarded.
