York A. Ragen: Thanks, Aaron. In 2017, we expect interest expense to be in the range of $46.5 million to $47.5 million, which represents an increase compared to $44.6 million for the prior year. The primary driver of the increase is the assumption that LIBOR rate exceeds the minimum floor of 0.75% on our term loan for the entire year. The forecast for interest expense includes $44 million to $45 million of cash for debt service costs, plus approximately $2.5 million for deferred financing cost and originally issue discount amortization for our credit facility. This interest expense guidance assumes no additional debt prepayments during 2017 and our existing interest rate swap contracts remain in place. Based on our guidance provided for 2017, our cash income taxes for the year are expected to be approximately $26 million to $27 million, which translates into an anticipated full-year 2017 cash income tax rate of approximately 14%. This represents a notable increase as compared to the 5.9% rate in 2016. The projected higher cash income tax rate is a function of several factors, most notably higher pre-tax profitability levels, as well as expected reduction in share-based compensation expense for tax purposes during 2017 compared to the prior year. Our GAAP income tax rate is projected to be approximately 35% in 2017. Depreciation expense in 2017 is forecasted to be approximately $21.5 million to $22 million. GAAP intangible amortization expense in 2017 is expected to be approximately $29 million to $29.5 million, which is a reduction from the $33 million in 2016. The decline in expense is primarily the result of certain definite-live intangibles becoming fully amortized during 2016. In 2017, GAAP stock compensation expense is expected to increase to approximately $11 million to $11.5 million. Our capital expenditures for 2017 are forecasted to be approximately 2.5% of our forecasted net sales for the year. Importantly, recall that we have a majority ownership position in Pramac and there was a minority non-controlling interest with this acquisition that must be deducted when forecasting adjusted EBITDA, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS for the full year 2017 similar to the presentation reflected in the reconciliation schedules included with our earnings release. For full year 2017, free cash flow generation is expected to be strong, benefiting from the solid conversion of adjusted net income expected to be over 90% in 2017. In closing this morning, sales of residential products during 2016 increased organically, as our market position remains strong. Business conditions in several of our C&I end markets remained soft during 2016, but we believe demand trends in a number of these markets are at or near the bottom, and we're cautiously optimistic in returning to organic growth during 2017. As we look at our outlook for 2017, we believe our Powering Ahead strategy is working, as the business has become more diversified in recent years. We remain optimistic regarding our overall long-term growth prospects and our strong cash flow generation capabilities give us the flexibly to make strategic investments that we believe will increase shareholder value. This concludes our prepared remarks. At this time, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, Brian, this is York. I think Aaron – we talked about a steer in terms of where Q1 sales at $315 million to $325 million, and in Aaron's prepared remarks, he was referring to the success of our promotional campaigns in the fourth quarter of 2016. That will just result in a level of destock in the first quarter of 2017 here, so that guide is reflective of that. And then, the reality is Hurricane Matthew wasn't really a major event, I think there was – while it took the power out for a lot of people, it wasn't for a long duration. The severity was short (42:06) infrastructure wasn't really damaged. So, the afterglow of Matthew into 2017 is muted.
York A. Ragen: So, Brian, it's a fair question, but I think given those comments that that would then cause the weighting first half, second half to be similar to 2016 here in 2017.
York A. Ragen: Hey, Charley. This is York. Yeah. In Q4 – starting with Q4, so we have realization lag, as you can imagine, with our supply chain and through our inventory. So what we're seeing come through Q4 can be commodity levels from six months ago or more. So we actually had a tailwind in Q4 relative to commodities and whatnot. But when you do flash-forward to 2017, you're right, copper, steel, aluminum are all up and trending up. So what we need to do is put initiatives in place from an engineered cost reduction standpoint, a sourcing standpoint, a pricing operating standpoint to help offset those headwinds on the commodity side. So, we did bake in some level of commodity pressures in our guide, but we also did include some price and some engineered and sourcing cost reductions to help offset. So that was reflected in our gross margin guidance for 2017.
York A. Ragen: Hey, Chris, this is York. So, on the resi side, I guess qualitatively we gave a guide that basically said we're assuming power outage severities similar to 2016 excluding this Matthew event. If you factor that as your overarching assumption on the residential side and then you factor in this destock in Q1 and then given the assumption of not having another Matthew happen in Q4, you'll have a tough comp in Q4. When you put that all together, resi is probably down slightly year-over-year from 2016 to 2017. Obviously, you get an event, any type of event and that will take that to positive growth year-over-year. On the C&I side, we're seeing solid growth in the core stationary business, be it domestically in Latin America or in Europe, but it's that mobile business that Aaron alluded to versus where we're seeing some strong trends. So we see on the mobile side both domestically and in Europe some strong growth year-over-year on the mobile side, but stationary, we are also seeing solid growth. So, I guess qualitatively that would be the direction we can give you on the resi versus C&I growth.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. So, James, every year we do a strategic planning session, and review with our management team here at the company and with the board of directors obviously and we go through – again, we evaluate our strengths, our weaknesses. It's kind of classic SWOT analysis where you start, our position in each of the markets we're in, what's working, what's not working, where we think – kind of where is the puck going to be as we look out three years to five years. And in this year's session, I think – and maybe this has been tugging at us a bit, but really the pivot for us is this element of our strategy that's actually played a really significant part in actually York's final prepared remarks there a significant part, and I think the diversification of Generac, that part of the strategy of going after new products and new markets, we feel that we have become very diversified. We've gotten ourselves into a lot of new markets, a lot of new product categories that we weren't in before. They all have an engine at the heart of them, which is what we like. They provide some great scale for us in terms of not only a manufacturer of engines, but a customer of engine suppliers. And a lot of the new markets that we got into was great for the adjacencies that they gave us for our products – our existing product line. But also, I think we all feel that to go further from where we're at today might be a bit dilutive in terms of our focus. And so, we've been feeling that as we've slowly diversified the company. I think it's been clear to us that we needed to probably rein that in a bit. And I wouldn't say that coming from that analysis there is anything that we say doesn't belong anymore. I think we're comfortable with what we've got, and what we've amassed. And we may full well add some other products that are real close to, in the way they operate and the markets that are served by those products, we may continue to do that. We're just not going to make it a primary focus of our strategy going forward. So the pivot is really to – one of our major strengths, which has been natural gas generators for over 30 years, we've been a leader in emergency backup gas generators, and we believe that we can extend that leadership on emergency backup generators into some of the other places that natural gas is showing up, not only in energy combined heat/power type applications, demand response, there is utility curtailment programs, there is a lot of places where generators that may have traditionally been used in an emergency-only situation are now starting to be looked at as a potential way to actually cut energy cost. The natural gas obviously is viewed as a very clean fuel source, and it's also going to be a very readily available fuel source for a long, long time. Natural gas is going to be the world's fuel supply for at least the next 100 years, I mean the economics in favor there are far too strong. So the acquisition of Motortech that we just recently announced here, we believe is a really good step in the right direction of this pivoting strategy to a much deeper focus on natural gas, not only strengthening the existing positions we have in the market, but then going after some of these other market opportunities, and we think Motortech is going to really put us in a position to learn those markets and to begin to formulate initiatives as I said to go after those opportunities. So that's really the pivot that we're talking about.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. So I'll start the – the margins in International, I think were challenging this year. That segment has largely been our Tower Light business along with our Ottomotores business down in Latin America. And we're in a very fortunate position to be supplying the market in a very favorable way with products that that had very good margins and they still do have very good margins as a matter of fact, it's just unfortunately the Tower Light business in particular, we saw a breakdown in the capital spending by those larger rental accounts in Europe, primarily in UK, which is a big component of Tower Light's business and that really was last year, some of it precipitated by Brexit, I think that was probably the excuse if you will. We've seen large rental companies, they tend to throttle back CapEx very quickly. And it's pointed out, I think some opportunities within that business to expand our customer base into some reaches and some areas in maybe the second and third tier-type of customer layers there that maybe we weren't as concentrated on that we probably need to expand on, so I take every negative and try to make it a positive, of course, but that was really at the core of what happened there. And then obviously you layer in the Pramac business, which is a lower margin business. I mean typically when you look at power generation businesses globally and we've looked at a lot of them, they're really kind of mid single-digit EBITDA type margin businesses. The reason for that is they're primarily packagers. They are buying somebody else's engine, they're buying somebody else's alternator, buying somebody else's control, there is a limited amount of value add in the value chain. And so their margins tend – it's basically kind of commoditized, and so their margins are somewhat reflective of a market that is commoditized. And so you might ask, well why even bother going after that? Well, it's pretty simple. We think that there is an opportunity to take these packagers and make them more truly manufacturers like we are more vertically integrated where there are more value added streams. We manufacture our own control, the hardware and the software, our own alternators, our own transfer switches, many of our own fuel systems. There's a lot more value added content that we bring to bear, and I think it's reflective of the margins we have here domestically in those segments, and so – in those businesses. So that is I think the long-term plan. So more directly to your question about the synergies in Pramac, obviously, of course, we're coming up on the one-year anniversary. We've been able to capture some synergies, but not much, we expect this also will accelerate especially as we go into the back half of the year here. You won't see that dramatically showing up in EBITDA margins for that business this year. But we think it's really kind of a late 2017 and going into 2018 story. There's a lot of engineering work to be done to globalize our platforms, and that's really at the heart of that. And so those projects are pretty wide ranging, and they take fair amount of engineering resource, and they're currently underway, but they really won't – these are long sales cycle products as well, so they really won't have an impact on that business until later this year. Now some revenue synergies where we are starting to see some nice interest is in with gas products in the Pramac distribution, which is also part of that plan. So good step ahead for those businesses.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: It really was a portable generator, and that's more than anything is what we saw in Q4, Brian. I think what happened is our channel partners both on portables as well as home standbys, they get into a buying mood pretty quickly when they see a storm like that and we run normal promotional cadence those times of the year, and we got a high receptivity of those promos. And as York said, that's going to result in really higher kind of fuel inventory levels as we enter the year here, and there'll be some amount of destocking that will occur in Q1, and that's really what's reflective of that kind of seasonal steer that we gave first half, second half.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. We think the TAM for those products is about – it's about 1.5 times bigger than what we currently serve today in the emergency backup market. And so that – it's a pretty good opportunity for us and Motortech is currently selling into – that market is largely by the way I should say that TAM expansion is largely in Europe today. And we think that that is starting to appear here in North America as well and in Latin America. So, the Motortech technology and the competencies that we gain there, we believe are going to allow us to put ourselves in a position to capture that expanding TAM here domestically and in Latin America and then the existing TAM in Europe. In terms of timing, Brian, those are big product cycles for us, and so it's going to be something we're going to begin to work vigorously on here, already actually have in 2017 here. And that'll – I think we'll be in a position to give better updates throughout the year as we go forward, but we're excited about it. Because it's – again natural gas is going to be the world's fuel supply for a long time. We think we're going to where the puck is going to be here in the future and we're seeing evidence of that the traditional – even in the traditional backup generator markets, we've seen this for a couple of decades in the U.S. market, there's been a shift away from diesel and to natural gas. Outside the U.S. and Canada, it's still largely a diesel market for backup generators. We think that's going to change as well over time, gaseous-gensets are becoming much more accepted as a substitute, if you will, for diesel, and we believe we're going to be at the forefront of being able to capitalize on that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. It's a really good question Jerry, and obviously, one that we paid very close attention to in terms of all the major metrics there around the categories that we serve in that market. Lighting towers have been traditionally one of the better return on invested capital type products that's in a fleet for a rental customer. And so, as you would expect that's typically where we see recovery first, when we see fleet replacements occurring, and where we see capital expenditures deployed first. And that's basically what we're seeing. As I said in my prepared remarks, it's what gives us confidence that we've kind of seen the bottom, we've steered it down and we believe there's going to be a nice rebound in that business this year. We're already seeing order rates strengthening from those national account customers in those particular categories around towers. We think that gens generally will follow a little bit later. The generator markets are little different because there's a dynamic there around a shift in the average sell price for those products, it's reflective of the move from Tier 4 interim to Tier 4 final engine powering in many of those products, including the generator product line that we offer. So in effect, until rental rates are – there is an ability to increase rental rates in those products, it's going to probably keep a bit of a lid on maybe the CapEx spending there, until fleets – I think fleets are going to age a little bit more in those category. But we're seeing some really nice rebound there, we're watching and conversing with our national rental account customers on a daily basis in fact. And frankly, probably the bigger challenge in that business for us is just having rationalized the footprint of the business and done the cost reduction and the restructuring charge that we talked about last year is being able to react quickly to changes in demand, they often come in big chunks and we're seeing some of that now. So the ability to ramp our operations and our supply chain accordingly will probably be the constraining factor for us here in first two quarters of the year so. And that's really – I mean, seasonally speaking lighting towers from a seasonality standpoint are typically a Q3 product, I mean, it's when days get shorter. So, that's what gives us confidence that a lot of what's going on right now is true fleet replacement activity. So we like that and that's really without any recovery in oil and gas yet, any significant recovery there. So there could be some potential additional upside should oil and gas begin to come back on line and those investments be made. So we're bullish on it.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. So what we saw in Q4 Jerry, I mean we typically see a push towards the year end on activations which we saw in-home consultations usually perceive that by a couple of months, which we saw. I wouldn't say that the spikes were as large. Regionally speaking, the Northeast was down regionally for the year and also in the quarter although not nearly as severe as previous quarters. The Northeast still continues to come off of, I would call it the hangover of the events that had transpired out there in 2011 and 2012. So that decrease in that region put pressure overall on those things. That being said, I think that was offset largely in Q4 as we mentioned in our prepared remarks by the impact of Matthew. Now, as you're also learning, and you mentioned, a lot of that was sell-in, not necessarily sell-through as channel partners took a fair amount of inventory, took advantage of promotional cadence we have, they were in a better buying mood because of the outage events. And coming into the beginning of the year here, we see kind of from an end market demand standpoint, very similar trends to what we've seen in years past, not materially different. I would say that activations in in-home consultations in areas that we saw impacted by Matthew are up year-over-year and the rest of the market is either kind of flattish to maybe slightly down continuing in the Northeast still, which is pretty phenomenal, just goes to show you how big that market had gotten, but I think it's pretty stable trends. We've got a number of things, as we said, that we're working on to focus on improving close rates. I think that's a really big focus area, it has been last year, but we've adjusted some of our programs this year to reflect the importance of close rate in the rankings of residential dealers, which we hadn't done in the past. So we think that trying to better use market forces to our advantage to improve close rates. If we could just see even a slight improvement in close rates, it's a material impact. We do a lot of quotations, I mean, a lot of quotations and the close rates are relatively small. And if we could get those close rates to move just a little bit, it's going to have a nice impact on overall home standby demand. So I think that's really the game for us and our focus is that end of the market.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, Charley, we think that it's probably somewhere in the area of a 5% reduction overall, it's really focused on the labor component by just reducing the overall cost to install, the time it takes to install. So 5% to 7% reduction in that, which again when you look at kind of the sensitivity analysis around a decrease in price there that should have a move up in volume. But that being said, as we've said repeatedly over the last several years, we do think it's going to take probably a more meaningful reduction in total cost of ownership. We've got some things that we continue to work on where we believe we can take a further step in that direction. We haven't really seen it show up yet in our proposals, obviously we're doing a lot of proposals, as I said before. So we haven't really seen it show up yet in proposals too dramatically because the product line simply just launched end of Q3, beginning of Q4. So, as proposals are put together, and as dealers get more experience installing the new version of the products, we think it will be – will improve that TCO push downward over the course of this year, but more to come on that. We've got a lot of work, we spend a lot of time on this internally, and we believe there are some things materially here in the future that could bring that down further.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: So the net utility of those promotional programs is really to make sure that there's field inventory for dealers, right. I mean if we were to keep all the field inventory here in our distribution centers and the ability to react to outage events as they occur becomes very constrained, very quickly. So we've always been keen to make sure that field inventory levels are healthy, that's an important element of reacting to demand. Demand happens quickly, it surges quickly, and it goes away quickly. So if levels are appropriate, we believe that that puts us in a position to win and not lose market share, should an event occur. So that's a big part of it. We also know frankly that having those products in front of those dealers for them to sell really gets them to focus on it. So if they don't have that unit in their shop, they are not looking at it. They are less focused and less likely to do the local advertising and the local marketing that we need for them to be successful and us ultimately be successful. So it's really kind of – it's a multipronged approach. And trust me, because we've questioned ourselves a numerous times on this, is there – are we leaving dollars on the table, where is that kind of balance in terms of how much promotion, there's too much promotion, what's not enough. And so, it's difficult to kind of walk that path, but we think we have the right approach. I will say the one change we're going to make going forward, last year we did our first kind of what I would say, we call it a pull promotion more at the consumer-oriented and level. So we did some extended warranties and things. Those were very well received, those were in the third quarter. We think that a better cadence of push and pull promotions, a better balance there is a way to kind of reduce our overall total costs while still creating the same level of engagement we need with distribution partners and ultimately changing the conversation a bit over at times of the year or two – a direct conversation with end consumers about having the product. So we continue to refine that, but that's really what the additional utility is all about with promotion.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, thanks, John, good question. And so, as I said, I think we're in the early innings here on lining up the key initiatives around that, as we refer to it internally here we're calling it, lead gas. And so that lead gas initiative for us is going to get fleshed out here as we go forward. But clearly, from a go-to-market standpoint, it's not our traditional channels. I think that that's where probably the biggest amount of work has to happen. And frankly the products themselves require a bit of work, but not too dramatically, there are some different emissions levels, there is some different – some of the engines are a bit more heavy-duty, the alternators and other components may reflect a bit more heavy duty in nature to reflect the higher demand cycles for those products, but it's really the go-to market side of that, I think you've nailed it that is where our big – where really our heavy lifting has to be done. So, we'll be all the players and actors that you mentioned there are potential interfaces for us going forward. And that's going to require a different effort on our part. And as I said it's probably not going to look similar to what we do today. We've actually been down this path before, 15 years ago when distributor generation was going to be all the rage going forward when utility costs were going to up and gas prices were going to stay low, unfortunately gas prices went up and utility cost stayed low. So, it was the opposite effect and we ended up disbanding several sales initiatives and efforts that we had targeting distributor generation at that time. We had products in place and we had sales forces in place that we ended up ultimately moving away from and they were targeting utilities and other demand response aggregators, other places in the marketplace where you would expect to see that. So, more to come, early innings, but we think it presents really a whole new kind of area for us as we go forward here in 2017.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Great. Thanks. We like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to our first quarter 2017 earnings release, which we anticipate will be sometime in late April. With that, we'll bid you adieu. Bye, bye.
