Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, I think, obviously, Charlie, it's a great question and we ask that of ourselves and our teams here on our mobile products business a lot, because trying to gauge just – we know it's a cyclical business. We know there's a lot of variables that go into what drives the cycle, everything from fleet replacement to strengthen (00:23:08) construction, both road and commercial to – as we've called out the domestic (00:23:12) energy production sector where – I get to answer your question directly that fleet replacement cycle we keep referring to, I would say last year we were obviously early in that cycle. The equipment age (00:23:23) there'd been a period of a couple of years there in 2015 and 2016, where in particular our national account customers have kind of hit the pause button on capital spending. And so, what that did is it deferred kind of the normal – we generally would see with a lighting tower or a generator, about a fifth of the fleet turnover every year. But the average lifecycle on (00:23:45) those products, four to five years, something like that. Little bit longer for certain customers, little shorter for others, but call it roughly 20% of the fleet would turnover every year. So if you go two years with low capital purchases, clearly there were some pent up demand there. We saw that snap back pretty hard last year. That was kind of the early innings of the recovery. What we've been very pleased though is throughout the beginning of this year and really even as we enter the second quarter here, we've been very surprised with just how strong it's remained. And so, then you asked a question what drives that, is it still the refresh cycle or is it something more? And we keep thinking that oil and gas is going to start playing a role in the equipment purchases there, but frankly we look at the utilization rates kind of in the specialty rental channels where a lot of that equipment goes. And the utilization rates are starting to recover. They're not fully where they are in the general rental business though. So we still think that there's legs with the rebound, in particular as it relates to oil and gas. And I would say we're probably middle innings on the fleet refresh cycle. So I think we're pretty bullish on that business overall. And in fact a part of our lift on the guidance this morning is related to mobile products.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, so we actually – we had kind of a line of sight on this from late last year after the storm. So actually our February guidance, our full year guidance that we gave initially did include some lift. And again, as we said in the prepared remarks, historically whenever you get an active hurricane season like we had last year, typically that bodes well for our C&I business. It's a longer sales cycle. There's planning, there's permitting, there's budgeting, and so you don't see the visceral reaction you get in the residential market. The C&I market generally will be several quarters afterwards before it kind of lights up and we're starting to see that now. But we did have to be clear. We did have some of that Florida legislation pending. It was pending legislation at that point. We had it in our guidance in February, but we took it up for the remainder of the year. Once it became clear that that was going to become law, which it did, and now as we've started to really have some serious conversations with both partners at the national level, people who own and operate those facilities on a national level, but also, I mean, frankly, it's a very fragmented market. There are a lot of facilities, a lot of small facilities across the state and so it's a lot of conversations. There's a lot of engineering work to be done. We found that we can be very useful and helpful in providing a lot of that engineering work and connecting those firms to resources whether they be our industrial distributors. But I think the other advantage we may have there is that because of our broad approach to the market from a distribution standpoint with electrical contractors as well as wholesalers and other channel partners, I think in particular the small bed facilities may not buy from an industrial distributor. They may end up buying from a smaller – their needs are smaller. They're looking for a smaller product. They can just as easily get that product direct from an electrical contractor who could be a dealer of ours. So we've opened up the product offering to those channel partners in a way that I think puts us in a position to see some nice lift from that and that's what we included in our upward (00:27:13) guidance this morning.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: We've been constantly trying to catch up really since the hurricane season and the amount of portable generators that we put in the market over the last several quarters, it's amazing. I mean, we're running flat out in our facility here in Jefferson, Wisconsin. We've got our supply chain ramped up very hard. But every time we think we're getting ahead of it, then we get one successive storm after another in the northeast in the month of March. So really where I would say if we were to kind of quantify where inventories are at today, at least from a qualitative standpoint, they're low in channel and they're low in our own warehouses. Now, we're replenishing and we're coming into a very critical part of the season here in Q2 where what we've historically seen happen is that people, they'll get a lot of confidence in ordering for the upcoming season if they've had a good season last year. And so, we would expect some pretty strong order patterns here in Q2 and our guidance reflects that around portable gens and really probably even into Q3. But we're scrambling (00:28:35) to get stock and we're building as much as we can and it's good to see that market come back and we went through a period of protracted low outages and seeing it come back to this level. We've also been successful in getting a little more market share this year. Line reviews (00:28:52) are coming out right now and we're starting to kind of calibrate ourselves around some of the wins that we got. On a net basis, we're up year-over-year. We're going to be up. It's really a question of timing around when those products get placed, are they placed ahead of season, in season or after season? So we're working with the major retail partners now, but we're – on a net plus there, we're pretty bullish on (00:29:12). Our performance last year really led us to the point of winning some additional business this year. So that's a net positive.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, so obviously the active season last year, Jeff, as we had said in particular, I think we made the comment, I believe is on our fourth quarter call, that we had never seen in-home consultation levels that we saw after those storms and that's a big leading indicator for us and what we weren't sure of is just how that would translate in follow through here in the first half of certainly the first quarter of 2018. We've been really happy with that. And I will say this when you look at it regionally, obviously, we said in the prepared remarks that activations in the southeast and northeast are up dramatically year-over-year. There's a couple of regions like the Midwest where because of the really poor weather conditions really through – I'll be honest. I think the snow just melted here a couple of days ago in Wisconsin, but the really tough weather conditions in particular in the upper Midwest, have made it difficult to put products on ground. And so, activations were a little bit more muted in the Midwest region in the first quarter. But even in the last few weeks we're starting to see that come back pretty aggressively. So we are really bullish that the spillover effect of a very active hurricane season in 2017 is going to continue to drive the regions that were directly impacted by that. But then also we also see this kind of afterglow effect around the rest of the regions. And then, more specifically your question about the northeast, again I see the in-home consultations are elevated and they've remained so. It's been a great test of our PowerPlay selling systems. I mean, the amount of dollars we're putting through that system, the amount of quotations, the visibility that we're getting to not only individual dealer performance, but regional performance around win rates and around just raw activity going into the areas really gives us a lot of confidence, and again is a big part of the overall story in raising our guidance, and dealer count also being up all-time high here at the end of the quarter. Those are all good things for us and I think they're directly related to the higher outage environment. So we're very bullish on it, Jeff.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. It's obviously a question on, I think, the minds of anybody who's running company today (00:34:03) with the inflationary pressures we're seeing. We went to the market with some price earlier this year. There's kind of an annual cadence around C&I, so I'll start with that market. C&I is – the lot of the major players in that industry will come out at the beginning of the year or at the end of the previous year with couple percentage points of price. What we've seen on top of that kind of normal cadence and we followed suit with that kind of in December-January. We've seen now some of the major players in that industry, in the C&I space come back and they're taking a second bite at the apple here. And we're evaluating how we want to do that. Obviously, we know that these input costs are going to continue to rise, but at the same time we like our position as one of the value providers in the marketplace. I think we're going to end up having to do something there and are evaluating kind of what that would look like on the C&I side. Residential is interesting. One of the things we talk about residential is the importance of affordability. Affordability is kind of an important leg of the stool when it comes to growing the penetration rate for home standby. That being said, straight price increases, typically you (00:35:20) don't take the same model and just layer on the price increase. We generally take a different tact when it comes to residential products and in particular home standby. This year, as an example, the way we approached price, we have a new model that's just now coming off the production line and starting to get into the marketplace. It's a model that has Wi-Fi connectivity as standard in every product, and there's obviously there's a bit of a cost for that and, obviously, we've worked hard to offset some of that cost, but there's still net cost. But that coupled with the inflationary pressures of materials, wage inflation and other things, we went and recalibrated our entire product line based on some of these new features in the new product line with a different price. So that has a different price point going into the market. We still think that there's a lot of value for homeowners, and we think that in particular some of the additional features we've given people like the connectivity are quite valuable. So, in that case, that was a way to get price in the market, was to introduce new products and new innovative features. What we have to evaluate, which I think is your question is, do we go back again. Now that (00:36:23) the inflation, we can get a better line of sight on what's going on, in particular with some of the tariff discussion and other things. We just are kind of waiting to see what's going to happen there. We may need to go again. But I guess, on the one hand, everybody in our industry has the same kind of concerns, right? Everybody uses a lot of steel, aluminum and copper when you build a generator. And many of us have similar supply chains in terms of where the sourcing comes from. So I look at that, and I say, boy that – if inflationary pressures rise that fast then we'll have to address what price we may have to go after again a second time. I don't think there's any question that we'd be able to get that. I think we've got a lot of cover for that, talking to our customers, our distribution partners. They understand that they're seeing their own businesses in a lot of different ways. So I think unfortunately where all this is going to manifest is probably higher prices at the street level at the end of the day.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, I think – so the operating leverage as we remarked in our comments, has really calibrated around the upward guide that we did this morning. So kind of on that level. I will say this on your comment about weather and how much of that do (00:38:03) we have baked into our guide. So this is the thing with this business that I've always said is pretty – it's kind of an interesting element of our business and that we don't include any major events in our guidance. So there could be additional leverage. There could be additional top-line. As we said, a major event can add upwards of $50 million or more into the top-line. I'll also say this, the baseline power outage environment, which is an important kind of item that we use to calibrate the remainder of the year kind of view on residential, we're picking a level that's closer to the long-term average, quite a bit below where it's been, specifically well below where it was in Q1. So we were actually saying in our guidance this morning that we're looking for a lower power outage environment for the balance of the year and that yet still translated to a higher guide, an increase in our guidance. So is that upside? I don't know. We're trying to take a conservative approach to how we forecast outages. We've been down this road before. We just don't know when they're going to happen or where they're going to happen. We do know over the long-term, they do happen and they do impact that business. So we leave it to you guys and to others who watch the company to kind of pick a point on a curve and say where you're going to be. But that would only be an additional tailwind in terms of additional leverage from a margin standpoint.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, so they're good questions. 2014 was a very unique year with not only the fleet refresh cycle kind of in the late innings, but also oil and gas. So we're still off of that peak. And in particular, as I mentioned before, we really haven't seen utilization rates in those specialty rental markets that serve oil and gas. We haven't seen them kind of hit their stride yet. So we believe there's room to run yet as it relates specifically to oil and gas. So the product lines that we serve that market with, both the specialty lighting towers, the specialty gas and diesel generators for that market and heaters, really have not come back to the levels, nowhere near what they were in 2014 for those specific product categories. As far as lead times for products, they are starting to stretch. We've always said that that's a business – the mobile products business, you want to have some inventory on the ground, because projects come up time and again you want to be able to capitalize when a project does happen, a new project hits the street. Unfortunately, what we're seeing is lead times are going out because there isn't – we're running three shifts in our factory there. I wouldn't say we're approaching full utilization, but we're pretty close in terms of capacity at our facility there. But actually our biggest constraint is engine availability. So the world market for the diesel engines that go into products like that, smaller displacement diesel engines also go into the same type of small construction equipment. And so, skid-steers and backhoes and things like that, which also obviously is a very robust demand environment right now. And so, that's putting pressure on the major engine manufacturers and they're obviously recalibrating their own factory scheduling to fix that. But fortunately we got in early. We could see this happening and we've been down this road before in terms of cycles and I think we're in pretty decent shape with engine supply. We've taken some additional steps there, but we're flat out trying to make as much product as we can, but lead times are going out.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's a great question, Brian. I mean, we've done a lot of math on this, to try and quantify the size of the market opportunity there and there is a lot of factors that go into that. The existing facilities that are there, what do they already have? In some cases they already have some type of backup strategy and there's not a lot of great information when a facility has backup power versus not. Is that backup power adequate to carry (00:43:05) which is really the critical change to the legislation here that happened? But if we just kind of step back and we look at it, we would estimate the overall kind of size of the prize there including installation, and this is at a retail price point. It's probably somewhere in the neighborhood of a couple of hundred million dollars. Now, when you strip away the generator and transfer switch components of that at kind of wholesale levels, is that at $100 million to $125 million opportunity? That's probably a reasonable estimate. And then, you put a market share on that. We believe we should get our rightful share at a minimum and then maybe there's a little bit more because of the breadth of our distribution, because we have a better position with natural gas, which is also allowed under the regulation, which was a change from previous regulations. So I would say that if you were to size that, is it somewhere between – I think you hit the numbers, somewhere between $20 million and $50 million. In terms of timing, I think, it's interesting. There may be a problem with trying to get all that equipment built and installed by the state's deadline. Certainly, it's not going to happen by July 1. And then, there's extensions that the state has agreed to grant as long as facilities can show a credible plan to the state regulators, to AKA (00:44:24), as it's referred to in Florida, if they can show state regulators a credible plan, they'll give them a potential extension till the end of the year. We think that this is something that could kind of eclipse the full year and get into 2019 just simply because of the amount of the equipment. You've got to get permitting. Florida is a notoriously long cycle market when it comes to everything from a home standby to a C&I product. It just takes a long time to get permitting done, to get the contractors lined up and to get the work performed. And so, we believe that that could push this opportunity around the horn. We think our guidance appropriately reflects that and, again, some of our guidance had that, kind of this piece already in the initial full year for us in February, but we've raised that since because it's now become – obviously, it's very clear that this is a new law and it's going to have a positive impact, at least in our industry.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: So we can. The small bed facility (00:46:05) can certainly use a residential style generator. Because of that, Brian, we use a hybrid share number that we believe is reflective of where the larger facilities are going to use, very clearly a commercial industrial generator. Our shares is more akin to that. But then there are a lot of small bed facilities where we think a light commercial or a residential product could be used. And therefore, that's transacted through a much broader channel and we have a much greater share there. So you're right, we hybridized the share for the purposes of estimating the impact.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's a good question, Brian. I mean, we haven't quoted like specific numbers around that, but Q1 was meaningfully higher than the long-term average, really kind of think of it as double kind of the long-term average. And so, we're dropping it (00:47:32) based on the way we're guiding for the balance of the year, we're reverting more to that long-term average. Now obviously, we had a strong year last year, strong couple of quarters here. We strip out major events when we look at this, and we didn't qualify any of the events that occurred in Q1 as major, but it does bring the average up slightly when you look at the long-term, right. But it's still meaningfully below what happened in Q1 and meaningfully below what happened last year. So we think that maybe that indicates there's a sufficient conservatism in our guidance, but again because we don't know, you can't predict outages. We feel it's the proper way to do that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: It is. Yeah, we've actually really, really pleased with our international businesses. The core growth rate in really all those acquisitions has done very well for us. Some of that is the strength of Europe overall. Some of it is some of the markets specifically like Motortech that are – they're focused on combined heat and power, OEMs and demand response OEMs and other gas power generation OEMs and that market is growing faster than traditional markets. Pramac has been just a tremendous grower for us, tremendous acquisition. And as we've said in these comments, our biggest area of focus with international businesses (00:49:16) is to improve the margins. But we knew we're buying eyes wide open. We went after this with a lot of vigor to give ourselves a much larger global footprint both from a distribution and manufacturing standpoint. And we knew that doing that was going to be dilutive on margins and we knew that in particular in (00:49:35) like a case like a Pramac or an Ottomotores, these companies are generally packagers of products. They're not true manufacturers I would say. They're really packagers. And what we are here in the U.S., the Generac, in particular our C&I business, which is what is most akin to these businesses, we're really a vertically integrated manufacturer. And so, there's a lot of value added work streams that we put into the product. Everything from manufacturing our own gas engines to winding our own alternators to engineering and designing our own controls, transfer switches, all of the components that are critical of the systems we think are really important. The key in these acquisitions has been in part of the thesis is to take and do that in these other businesses and then to leverage by growth to leverage there what is a relatively high fixed operating structure, because of the coverage that they have. So Pramac has 16 sales branches. These are offices with people staffed across the globe to get access to the 180 plus countries that they sell into. There's a high cost of that and the better that we can leverage that, and so we can improve – make improvements at the gross margin line by making them a better vertically integrated manufacturer. And then, we can improve at the bottom line by leveraging operating expense structure of these businesses by growing. And so, those have been the two things we've been very focused on and it's working. I mean, the last several quarters show it's working. We're seeing some nice improvements. And we have a long way to go. We said we want to double the EBITDA margins of these businesses. And we've got a line of sight to that. We think we have a solid plan to get there and we're working that plan and we've been on our trajectory.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And we look forward to reporting our second quarter 2018 earnings results, which we anticipate will be sometime in early August. With that, we'll bid you a good day. Thank you very much.
