York Ragen: Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2013 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time to time by Generac or its employees, may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we'll make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I'll now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: Yeah, Chris this is York. I think with regards to margins, I think it's – Aaron made some comments about their approach to the market and how they approach different geographies around the world as Aaron mentioned, they have distribution that serves about 50 countries around the globe and they have products that service specific needs for each of those markets. And therefore they are able, with that approach they are able to go to the market with premium margin. So I like in it, so I want to compare to say how do they compare to Magnum's margins which what we have commented in the past as more typical mobile equipment here in the North America sold through the national rental accounts. There are better margins in Magnum, probably in the high-teens range but that's pre-synergies. So as we talked about, there are some synergies we have identified. So we want to try to get those approaching 20% there, which are one of the reasons why we like this business was the margins that they are generating.
York Ragen: Yes, it's York. I mean it's probably if you are talking the margins were up 120 basis points that there was an offset to that with Ottomotores maybe a 1% to 1.5%.
York Ragen: If the Second quarter of 2014 if our net leverage is below three times, 3.0 times we'll step down to that 2.5 point. It will reduce 0.25%.
York Ragen: Yeah, it was – we didn't specifically give it, but we still had about if we grew 32% for C&I all-in, we still had about 11% organic. So still very healthy organic growth on the C&I side for the quarter.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Hey, Chris, that's a great question and something we are watching very closely as we roll this out. We really like what we are seeing in closure rates. I think it is still too early, it was probably too early in the first quarter that we had it out and I counted on it, but we are pretty excited about what we are looking at. We are digging deeper into that to understand, yeah those again we are targeting kind of about 20% of our dealers to be on power play. I think, yeah, that's 20% of the dealer count. I will say that these are the better dealers, they represent over half the sales that run though our dealer channels which represents the majority of sales in the residential standby category. So we think that as we increase the adoption rate, what we are seeing in closure rate today I think it is another couple of quarters or so we are going to be comfortable that kind of maybe talk more deeply about those improvements. But I'll tell you just my experience having been around this and having watched closure rates for a while, we really like the uptick that we are seeing. The system is having an impact. We definitely know that it's having an impact. We are dialing it in, we've released a couple of different versions of it since the initial version, I think version 3 or 3.5 at this point. We are expanding its functionality; we are expanding the training on it to make sure that you know, it is something that people understand how to fully use. We are now using it in conjunction with this new infomercial program that I've talked about this new campaign, the direct response television campaign that we launched called Power You Control, and that's something that is we are seeing some really interesting things in terms of the impact of both of those things in concert together. So I don't want to quote a specific closure rate, but I can tell you that they are materially higher than they were previous.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, so Tower Light is growing, it's growing from – we disclosed that it was EUR37 million in sales at the end of 2012, we can say that it's grown through the first half of this year. It's on plan definitely growing nicely. Their distribution, about two-thirds of the sales are in Europe and about one-third outside. So, mainly the outside sales are going to the Middle East and Africa, couple of other parts of the world therein. They have distribution like a little bit in Latin America, they have distribution in 50 countries which is another kind of really nice thing we like about this business is with their customer base and with their breadth of their distribution, we think there is some pretty new things we can do with that. In terms of adding additional products if you think about Magnum's product line, little bit fuller product lines there in terms of just outside the light tower, so is the rental market there are some other products that we think could possibly go into Tower Light as well and into those existing customers. So we are pretty excited about that.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah I mean we don't obviously we don't disclose growth rates by regions. But what we can say is obviously as you would expect the growth rates in the northeast, mid-Atlantic and Southeast regions of the U.S. are beyond what they are in other parts of the country. But that being said, we continue to see John even the Midwest we haven't had any major events here in the Midwest to speak of, but yes just the frequency of events that we do get they are more localized in nature. They impact power, we are not talking about weeks on end, you're maybe talking about a day or two or maybe more. But some of our best penetrated states remain here in the Midwest which Illinois, Michigan, parts of even parts of Pennsylvania in terms of Western Pennsylvania there is some great regions of the country here that for us anyway represent good business and good growth rates. And lower growth rates as you would are West where you don't get the severity of weather with the good, most it's underground, and so you've but still growth. And that's the – it's up nicely I mean if you look at that we talk about what's driving that, and again it gets back to this under penetration story across the board that as we continue to drive awareness for the category, drive distribution points more points of lights. We think it's having that kind of an impact with our initiatives and with things that are driving awareness.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah there is definitely some inventory replenishment. There is no question in the front half that took place. The second half which we still see, even though there is a good everyday business on portable generators for the same reason that you know I mentioned with power outages that happen every day around the U.S. there is still 0.25 million people or more without power every day in this country. And you know the typical solution for most people is coming out and get a portable generator with our expanded shelf position, retail partners and this has been a category that frankly you know has exceeded my expectations. When we made the decision to get back into it several years ago, you know it was more of a complementary product for us. It really is you know for us it has become a way to strengthen our relationship with our retail partners, a way to really create a brand in Generac that speaks to backup power for the residential in consumer markets and I would say a lot of that come on the backs of our success in portable generator. But a lot of it is you know with inventory replenishment here in the first half of the year and second half I think the replenishment is pretty well done. It's a cycle now, what you're going to see is normal sell through ahead of you know then normal weather patterns, there is seasonality in the category that happens typically late in the second quarter and throughout the third quarter with your active weather patterns around the U.S. just you know summer storm season. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, so I mean we're watching national accounts with a lot of interest. I mean it's a big piece of our business. We love that business because we think we do it very well, we think we have a good program setup with our national account sales team. You know a lot of it is coming as we said from the telecommunications vertical, we are seeing some traction in other verticals as well. Financial services industry, we've got a couple of national account customers there that are new to us. But it's primarily the telecom space and as in our prepared remarks we said you know it's not only the competitive pressures in terms of uptime with the networks but also the regulatory pressures, the drumbeat there around you know is this going to be our cell towers is going to be regulated relative to meeting backup power. We are watching that with great interest obviously, in terms of the impact it could have for us. But our customers our national account customers are by and large proactive on that already. So it's not like it's going to push them to do it faster. But they are already out there you know and we serve all the major telecom companies. We are the primary suppliers to all of them. It's kind of specialized space. Those products are a little bit niche, they are somewhat customized for each of the different networks and the network providers. We like the future of that as we kind of indicated in our implied guidance here in the back half, a lot of that can be driven by national account business. Some of the other national accounts step on the rental space, are also starting to come alive. The CapEx spending by the larger national rental accounts which is mainly what we serve through our Magnum business, we are starting to see that pickup as well. So we continue to be bullish on national accounts barring any unforeseen pullback on a macro basis in the economy. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: That's a great question Andrew. I mean the light tower category in particular has – is one of those categories that's expanding and there is lot of when you talk about the shift to more night time construction that's kind of new market if you will, you know there has always been some amount of night construction. But road construction at night is becoming much more prevalent around the U.S. as you know construction companies, municipality, state governments they try to avoid you know congestion issues that come from shutting down the roadways during the day. The other part of the – the sector there that has obviously come out strong is the oil and gas sector, the energy sector. That has remained relatively soft in the first half this year, the energy sector. But road construction has remained pretty bullish. There is a lot of infrastructure rebuild to go on in this country, so I think there is an expansion of some fleets, certainly there is a replenishment cycle there you know these are products that go above four years in terms of their average life, four to five years that replacement cycle has been pretty heavy in 2011, and all the way into the first half of 2012. You know that started to slowdown but what we are seeing now is those companies are becoming more aggressive at spending CapEx dollars again as we indicated the back half of '13. On the mobile generator side, just to kind of round out the discussion, we are taking share there. Magnum only has been in that market for about six or seven years, and so it takes time to build those relationships, to prove themselves the quality of the product and we continue to deepen our penetration of those products Magnum branded products at their rental customers that are currently buying light towers and that's been a success story for us.
Aaron Jagdfeld: We would remind you that there is a function within that credit facility that if we get to net debt leverage of three times or less, we'll step down a quarter, quick quarter point the LIBOR plus 250 it still remains the 75 basis points more but – 
Aaron Jagdfeld: No, Jeff I think the main competitors for us in the -- we just talk on standby for a second, the main competitors in that space have been they remain relatively unchanged for the last several years and they've always been aggressive. I think they compete with us in terms of trying to expand the market. But in terms of their level of investment, I think one of the things that benefits Generac is this is our focus, our primary focus whereas the primary focus of most of our competitors is something else first. And so I think in terms of management resource, in terms of financial resource, in terms of focus, I think that benefits us in terms of why we've been able to maintain our share and grow the market on the same breadth here on all the initiatives and things that we are working on. But the competitive side is we are well aware of the opportunity here, it's just a question of focus and a question of resources and time allocation I think by those other companies.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think we've been pretty consistent in our message on how we're going to allocate capital and the deployment of capital going forward. I mean the first thing we want to put as much capital towards growth as we can in terms of growing the business organically. We've said that we want to pay down debt, I think more confirmable range for us in terms of leverage ratio be somewhere in that two to three times on a net debt basis. So, we think that there is some room to continue to pay down debt. Both on M&A which we've been doing right along here, would kind of be the next priority for us and you see that evidence with another acquisition here we just announced with Tower Light which we really like in terms of broadening the company out both in product and in global scale. And then after that we get through that progression, Jeff I think we'd evaluate what does make sense? Is it time to initiate a regular dividend for the Company for the shareholders, is it – would be another special dividend, share buyback I mean there is range of options there. I think the thing that we want to be our shareholders with the knowledge of it is that we are going to deploy capital in the way that's going to get them the best return and get us the best return. We have lot of opportunities out there for us to grow this company organically and through M&A and I think we are going to be very judicious and we've always have been, it's kind of in our DNA, we are very judicious about how we spend capital there.
Aaron Jagdfeld: It's a good question I mean actually one that we have remarkable visibility to now given our activation data and things that we talk about on calls previously. There is no question that when you are look into certain regions of the countries, the Northeast, the Mid-Atlantic we're seeing some dealers that are carrying inventory. The thing we're noticing now is that the demand has remained so strong that really every time they get inventory position the demand kind of is set up and so it's sold already. And when you are small dealer, what we said traditionally and what we can see here is there are some outlier dealers. Some of the larger dealers I think do take stock and positions as it's clear based on the data we see that's the case. And as dealers become bigger and we have more of them certainly field inventory becomes bigger every year as the category grows. But most dealers by and large of what we see these are small contractors, they don't have a lot of additional working capital and frankly not a lot of space to store 400 pound or 500 pound item, waiting betting on the come. And so what they do is often times they will not buy for mass until they've sold to a consumer. So they go and they do a consultation, an in-home consultation for a consumer or home owner. And then if the home owner chooses to accept their proposal, there is a permitting process. These are products it has to be – building permits has to be issued for electrical inspection test to be conducted. There is a lot of – there is some initial work upfront. They generally will not order for the product from us until they have that permit in hand because for them there is no reason to be out of pocket that working capital until they absolutely know they need to be.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think Stanley think that's very reasonable goal for us. We're pushing people internally harder than that. I talked about we're calibrating that we want to be the number one provider in this space. I think it's an area where we have expertise based on our history we have expertise in terms of the manufacturing, in terms of the engineering, we have fantastic sourcing capabilities. These are engine-powered washers. So we're not in the electric washer space which would represent frankly about half of the market. So that's not a part of the market that we're going to address for the product line today. But on the gas washer side it is something that I think when you talk about share there, I think it's very reasonable to say 10% is something that's achievable for us.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, we are still in the season right now in terms of line of years, we are getting some indications back and there is some puts and takes there. And what we have heard so far, I think you know, we remain optimistic that we are going to have more wins, and we will have losses obviously as we roll out the product line. But it is a tough market. It is a competitive market, you've got to bring innovation to these accounts every year, year in and year out. You've got to be sharp on your costs, you've got to be sharp on your execution in terms of being able to meet their timelines, their rapid development cycles. Those are things that you know, we're developing competencies at the Company here. We've got elements of those competencies, we have more to develop but you know more to come as season kind of bears out here. And we have got more information in the months ahead.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah I mean from all indications that we kind of see things from the outside looking in a little bit, we've got some ears to the ground obviously pretty aggressively in Washington DC where this is taking place. But everything we see is that with the change in the chairperson of FCC you know, that has put everything a little bit on the backburner as far as things, our priorities are potentially, you know, re-ordered going forward. It remains to be seen whether this will continue to be priority as it looks early on for the FCC. You know, I don't think there are anybody that can dispute there are more critical communications. You know, mobile voice and data communications that are going over wireless. That is the future of new LTE networks that are being rolled out very aggressively here by the carriers, you know, as well as the older networks that are vulnerable to power outages. We believe most of our customers have been very pro-active in that regard in addressing the areas of the country where they certainly have power quality issues, they are more prevalent. A more widespread regulatory approach to this could you know, obviously accelerate that for us, our business honestly and I say dramatically as one of the largest providers. But everything we heard right now, it is kind of everything is a little bit of a holding pattern till the FCC kind of figures out with the new chairperson what are the priorities are going to be going forward.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, I think we were saying about 10% to 15% of our sales would be outside the U.S. and Canada going forward, if you perform a Tower Light into the operations there. And obviously with the expectations for growth beyond that and whether that growth is organically through the acquisitions we've made through the introduction of new products and new customers and being part of a more larger entity like the Generac, the benefit that we can give these entities like Ottomotores, Tower Light in particular, you know the benefit in scale which is we think is you know potentially significant when you look at some things like Tower Light in particular, as I said before, the ability to offer additional products to Tower Light customers that they don't have today. We are very focused on a singular product line in light towers, but going forward you know right now about 10% to 15%, and we would expect to grow that even further, what is the comfortable position out there, you know, I don't think we quoted anything specific, but we like the opportunities that are ahead of us. There is a huge market worldwide for power generation for mobile equipment in particular. And so we think there is a lot of potential opportunity ahead of us.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think it is more the infrastructure and telecom piece here, but there is a piece here. We said we expected a little bit of improvement in the non-res construction indices here going forward. But frankly all indications are that still remains fairly soft off of obviously a very low base of the last several years. You know the rental companies as well as part of our C&I growth, so the national accounts there. They build out their fleets, we replenish their fleets and add a new product like mobile generators like I said we are getting some better traction there with our mobile generator line in those accounts. That's also a part of that C&I object that we are expecting in the second half.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Thank you. We really appreciate everybody's attention this morning for our second quarter call and we look forward to our third quarter call which should be sometime in the late October timeframe. Thanks again for your time this morning.
