York Ragen: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation, as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: And to be clear Charley, year-over-year price was not an impact because we had the same dynamic last year, so my count was relative to expectation but year-over-year there wasn’t any impact on price. 
York Ragen: And just to clarify, we effectively talked about this in our last earnings call when we initiated guidance, we are not changing our guidance relative to oil and gas, here we are holding that. And as we talked last earnings call, we believe that will be down – oil and gas related shipments will be down about 20% year-over-year so we are holding that and feeling the same as we did last quarter.
York Ragen: On the acquisition ad, so we've got two acquisitions built on acquisitions that have an annualized yet the Premec North America acquisition which – that's the portal generator manufacturer, given they are a portable generator manufacturer, they have a small contribution with a negligible contribution, low single digits. And then the MAC acquisition, is the heater company we brought late last year and given there they make heaters and we're off the heat season now so for Q1 that contribution from MAC was also negligible. So combined it was roughly low single digits and one of them in the channel, the other in the C&I channel, product category.
York Ragen: Yes sure, I mean there is a number of things we talked about west coast ports and manufacturing overhead under absorption and copper mark-to-market, specifically the west coast is inefficiencies of getting supply chain, there is a lot of air freight…
York Ragen: Sure. So, I mean the addressable market, in terms of what we're doing there – we continue to push on that very, very hard over the last several years to try and move the needle there if you will. I think John, the question – just thinking through your question about the onsite storage and obviously there is – supposedly we had some large announcement by one of the players in the industry there that's making electrical vehicles, with an onsite storage system which – frankly, that's aimed at a completely different market than the market we serve, I mean – with that storage system from what we know and – by the way battery storage systems are around for years, that's not a new think per say, it's been around for years. I think the scale at which that company may be able to get from the cost perspective, it's still we believe probably twice as expensive as our standby power generation solution minus any subsidies and obviously it's up to the government to pick the winners and losers here which they have a really poor track record of doing but we'll consistently do anyway. And that system really provides for only a couple of hours backup in an outage, so I think that's really aimed at people who are in the space of producing their own power through solar or through wind and needed temporary storage area, or one hand, the existing temporary storage that they have and really gives them the opportunity to play on the arbitrage between peak rates and non-peak rates with utility companies. We are using it strictly as an emergency backup, I mean I see very few households that will buy that system for that alone. I don't know why you would spend $13,000, $14,000 on a system because you are couple hours of backup when you could spend average installation is about $7,500; why you would spend that kind of money and only get a partial solution. I think that overtime we've looked at – obviously, we keep a very close eye on technology and how it impacts all of our products, not just residential products but our commercial and industrial products, in fact we generally lead the market with innovation and new technologies. Batteries are I think an interesting space, and have been for quite some time, but there is no more slot with batteries; there is no real breakthrough for batteries – at the stage of the game if there ever is, could we foresee a situation where the reciprocating engine, the internal combustion engine is a very efficient – relatively speaking very efficient on a cost basis way to produce power. The combination of that engine with the battery, could that be some kind of hybrid program but potentially down the line, that might be what is the more realistic outcome of this in the years ahead but to be very frank, a pure battery system that would give you the kind of backup that an existing generator would give you today, it would be just incredibly cost prohibitive, because homes use quite a bit of power and to be able to have that kind of storage around will be a massive system, a large system and an expensive systems, it's just not something we see as – certainly not economically viable if not physically viable. So we will watch it and keep an eye on it but I think that's really aimed at a different market than what we serve today.
York Ragen: Sorry John, I missed the first part of the question. On the homebuilder side, no, we're not happy with that, I think we could be doing more. New home construction – we have seen our penetration rate improve as housings improved but we've said that's really – for us it would represent a great opportunity to introduce the product category to people who are – have made the decision of building new home, who presumably have a mortgage with which to finance that. And you've got also a much lower installation cost as a result of other trades being on side and the walls being opened, permits being pulled; it's just a lot easier to do when you're building a home. Where we are getting traction is, more or so as we've said before with the custom builders because they try and differentiate their product from the larger production homebuilders. And the production homebuilders are really more focused on trying to sell people more square footage. So in terms of amenities it gets little bit challenging for us to make the argument to production builder, a track builder who is – to say, hey you can make a couple of box than selling a generator when frankly their margin is better when they try and sell square footage. So we're kind of moving in opposite directions in terms of what incentivizes those larger builders to offer the product. So it's been challenging for us, we're not giving up on it, we do have an initiative that we have a sales team here that we put back together after the housing market started to show signs of life a couple of years ago, and it had some success. We've had wins where we've got whole developments that – new developments of 10, 20, 30 homes that have a generator or the option to add a generator very easily. So they are manufactured or they are built as generator ready, we're having some success with that but I'm not happy with it, I think we could be doing more personally, I just think there is an opportunity there.
York Ragen: There is actually a lot going on there 600 or 650 to 700 basis point increase first half versus second half EBITDA margins. So quickly just to try to bridge it for you. So there will be a slight mix improvement as you go into the second half of the year with the resi increase on the assumed normal outage environment so with the higher resi volume there will be maybe about 100 basis point increase in margin, first half second half related to that mix. There might be about a 100 basis point price improvement given some of the discounting environment and modest price realization that we’re rolling out. So first off half second half there will be a 100 basis point in price, and then to your point there will be about 200 basis point improvement on the cost side, so we will moderate these temporary cost increases with the West Coast ports and copper mark to markets and some of the unfavorable overhead absorption that we have experienced in the first half we will moderate in the second and then you pointed out commodities, the realization as we get through lags on lower commodities as well as FX, I mean we do a lot of buy a lot of components in euro if you will which will cost less in the future, as we work through those legs and the supply chain that should be a tailwind relative to margins so and then we’re always looking at other cost reduction initiatives internally here with our supply chain team and engineering team. So put that altogether that’s about a 200 basis point increase first half, second half and then the rest of that EBITDA increase is about a 300 basis point increase in OpEx as a percent of sales as you leverage the fixed SG&A infrastructure that’s how you get to that 700 basis improvement in EBITDA first half second half.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Charley, that's relative to gross margin, so it was 200 basis points up prior year actually but 200 basis points from expectations and if you look at pieces of that about a third of that was mix related on the lower home standby mix relative to expectation, probably about a third of that was price in that given a softer demand environment price had a slight impact there were relative to expectations. And then the last third is costs and those are the pieces that you are talking about, the west coast port, the copper mark-to-market these was a unfavorable overhead absorption as well that came through which – as we highlighted more temporary in nature. So about a third of that 200 basis points or more thing that are temporary that would – as we talked about would moderate in Q2 and then in the second half of the year really become neutral factors. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Charlie this is Aaron, from a pricing stand point you know the there was versus our expectations you know pricing was a little bit a headwind given a amount of the additional promotional thing and drive the market. When you come up of the year then you see this as a pattern and coming of the year without major events, and it was exacerbated in the first quarter by – in our preparatory remarks we said it was the lowest outage environmentally we had seen in the five year since we have been tracking detailed outages. When you have environments like that I you are forced to drive the market harder, with promotion and with other activities that getting to characterize this prices in terms of the characterization of the financial. So those things are things that we would expect to not see as dramatically obviously if you were to get into an environment like what we are saying is going to happen back after the year, with a more normalized type our power outage environment. So it’s really kind of related to the very low outage environment not coming off a year without any major events. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, I mean the portable inventory is elevated right now, it's both a channel and within our own warehouses, we plan that inventory bills and by seasonally, so we buy ahead of the season last year we didn't get a season, so – then you typically would sell off at a normalized everyday rate, well that every rates also been lower than we would expect because of the low power outage environment to kind of the normal levels. So to answer your question directly in terms of burning it off, it’s going to be longer than what we would have normally planned, we would normally plan a season to be able to burn that product of over the 6 to 9 months if we dint get an event, so that would be the normal plan. Because we've been below normal in terms of regular everyday outages, that 6 to 9 months is probably going to fall more to the nine months or even carry us into the next season here. So we would expect our billed rates and somewhat – what we're talking about here with some of the lower absorption, the overhead absorption that we're dealing with – are both billed rates and our purchases of product will be lower going into this season because we've got plenty product out there. So it’s going to continue to be a headwind for as long as we're below kind of this normalized level of outage period, and we're ready to go should we get an event, we would be more than ready to be able to satisfy a pretty big spike in demand. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes I mean, I think we put a band around a year may be 2 to 4% if we state that is kind of ultra-low level below normalized, you know we could see a contraction on 2% to 4% on consolidated net sales as a results of that type of scenario, I mean it’s not what we believe will happened but it been the case here for the last several quarters. So you know I think some of the difficult being providing guidance to this business both on a quarterly basis but also similar year-to-year is the impact from the residential business from outages which you just can’t, it's difficult to quantify the both the exact impact from those outages or the exact impact when you don’t get them, so we have to go up against history there are ton of variable going into that but our best guess is you see something on the line of 2% to 4% impact in consolidated net sales if we don’t get those normal averages in second half of the year. [Cross talks].
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, you know for us as we look at it I think we're somewhat new to the oil and gas market through our acquisitions over the last two years, so we haven't seen a down cycle like this, all we have seen is up. Which you know I think the first thing that we saw happen and may be just I think it caught everybody by surprise, it's just a rapid deceleration there of the capital equipment spending – for the people who are directly associated with EMP providers who are directly associated with that, rental of that equipment as well. Now you know what were are seeing is a greater impact on the drilling activity side, the exploration drilling side. And frankly most of our equipment ends up in production side, so where production has remained on mind, we haven't seen quite the pullback yet but what we are seeing is where the equipment has had to be – had to have been reallocated because utilization rates are low. The equipment was on drilling and exploration activities in the Balkan or in Permian Basin or in some of the other Shale Plays is being reallocated by the rental companies into other areas of the country to improve their utilization rates, and what that's doing is it's depressing purchases of new equipment in really across the board. So we see kind of a general pullback that's very tight in the areas associated with oil and gas but more – a slowing down if you will in the rental market in general just as that kind of equipment gets reallocated out there. So that part of it was an interesting thing for us to watch and go through and understand. And then, where we are bullish as you pointed out and our comments kind of reflect that is, the substitution effect that we are see happening of natural gas generators, for diesel gensets, so – and that was really starting to come online even before energy prices dropped last year, there were some flaring regulations both in the state and federal level that have come online here over the last year that created a situation where the flurry and the natural gases is greatly reduced or eliminated altogether, so that gas either has to be contained and put into commerce or it's got to be consumed on site. And so the ability to use that fuel in a generator which these guys are already buying thousands of gallons of diesel fuel to power these diesel generators are on site producing temporary power. Having a gas solution and allowing them to use that fuel basically is a free fuel source and also solve the problem somewhat of the flaring to a lesser degree of course, but helping with that challenge. We are seeing that shift still occurring and we actually think that shift is being exacerbate somewhat by the cost pressures that the industry is seeing to reduce their cost of extraction and production. So we think that's a favorable trend longer term, we like where we're positioned for that, and we think that's something that is going to benefit us going forward. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Jeff this is Aaron. We took down the telecom ever since slightly in the back half of the year based on the conversation we are having with telecom providers, I mean the capital spending that goes on in there – it moves in cycles and we're really at the back end of those cycles often times because the sites get either built or retrofitted invertor generators added later on. It's interesting, some of those key customers have continue to spend money, other key customers have really put the brakes on hard last year, and we saw that it's in our results and obviously we had a really difficult comp, we're up against here in the first half of the year given that, that was so strong, first half of the last year. The conversation we have had with these guys, they’ve got some inventory from Baldor [ph] they made last year, so the first half of the last year that strength. When they hit the brakes on their capital spending projects, some of the build out projects that they were doing last year, they ended up having generators in stock which is unusual, so they’ve got to burn through that first, so that's why even though I think there are some early signs that telecom capital investment maybe starting to come back online here ever so slowly here in the first half of this year, there is bit of inventory they have to work through first and that's really why we kind of tempered our enthusiasm in the back half of the year around that. These guys – unfortunately we don't get a lot of visibility to their cycles, and it can be a bit frustrating for us certainly from a manufacturing standpoint but I think that's one of the reasons why they like us a suppliers is we are able to react quickly to their needs, both up and down, it just can create a bit of choppiness from quarter-to-quarter in that sector for us.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, so – this winter was again a brutal winter for installation of product and activation of product, it was – that being said, every region for us outside of northeast we actually saw activation rates improve year-over-year. So I think it was spot on with where the worst part of winter was in terms of snow and cold, it was right in the northeast, and the unfortunate part is that's a really key market for us just given the population density and the power quality in the northeast, and the awareness of the category and everything else. So it was probably disproportionate impact given the harshness of this winter versus even last – last winter arguably it was cold in the northeast but it was actually worse than the Midwest. We actually had a little bit better winter this year in the Midwest. So activation rates outside of the northeast were up everywhere in the first quarter, we've actually seen – I see that we refer to them these in home consultations, actually we're up year-over-year in Q1. So that's a good trend for us, we like that trend, we do think that dealers continue to gravitate towards our PowerPlay selling system, we're driving as much of that as we can with media spends, there is some seasonality with that, you don't want to spend the media in the first quarter when the market is at a slower pace, so your cost for IHC and other metrics that we watch can get away from you pretty quickly if you're not careful with that. So I think what we're – what kind of temporary our enthusiasm for Q2 still – as we go into the quarter here, activations have – well above last year's rate, I wouldn’t say they have spiked as the weather has improved. So there is usually a process there where you got to wait for – there is a bit of a lag, so we'll ramp up spending on our media spend and media buys coming up here in the May and June, come work towards the back half of this quarter. So when you look at front half of the quarter I tell you that we still see things pretty slow in April, relative to residential and a lot of that is due to the fact that power outages still remain very low in April. A couple of here recently in Texas and Louisiana but nothing really to speak up, not much anyway and so it's just been that kind of a quiet period around outages. It's still a generator category and you need outages to drive interest and awareness in the product, we can only do so much on our end, I think we're doing a lot, and I think we've done a lot to hold that new baseline that we've created over the last couple of years but it gets more challenging if you don't have the kind of conditions in the past have created outages.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I'll deal with the dealer ads, we're flat basically from the end of the fourth quarter, so net ads and net deducts were roughly the same.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think it's a great question Brian, and we've only been collecting detail data since January 2010, so it's about five year period, I unfortunately don't have 8 or 10 year statistics at this stage to give you which is obviously is challenging, we can look at broader statistics. So what happens, the way it's calculated is we look at detailed outages as best as we can track, I mean obviously overtime – over that five year period we've been tracking, we've improved our data gathering message, so it kind of improves every quarter that goes by as we find more avenues to collect the data and in fact we believe we have one of the most comprehensive outage databases that – it rivals anything that's out there, I mean I – it's actually we're pretty proud of it, and it's developed over last five years. Now what it does exclude that baseline normal, the normal baseline we talk about excludes all major outages, so we take out major outages, so we're only looking at what we refer to as normalized outage activity, axe any major event. So we take out all major weather events and all major outage events; ice storms or hurricanes, other major power failures; come out of that number and we created an average and obviously – mathematically as you add quarters to that and if those quarters as they have been for the last nine are very low, that brings the average down. So what we're looking at and what our forecast is built on in the second half of the year is based on recalibrated average, the current average if you will – the long term current average which is arguably a bit lower than it was a year ago or even two years ago. So, I mean we think we're using the right now, it's not an exact science and obviously we qualify all these statements by saying that outages really – where they happen is an important part of that and that's not really reflective in the severity index; the severity index is purely a calculation of the number of households that are impacted, multiplied by the number of hours that they were impacted for, so that is – it's a finite number that we calculate but it does not take into consideration where those outages happen and the reason that's important is if an outage happens in the area where we refer to as an echo effect, if you've had an outage or several outages in a particular geographic region over a short period of time, say two years, and you get another outage, a successive outage, a follow on outage in that same region, you’ll get a much bigger effect to that outage because you will have greater awareness and conceivably more distribution in that area. So that's the unfortunate side of the outage index, it doesn't really – there is not really an easy way for us to do that. Now we're starting to use some pretty decent statistical data to help us understand with each outage we track, what do we expect the impact to be because we're trying to get better visibility into the residential market because obviously as you've seen from our last several quarters, it can be a challenging market for us to get our arms around in terms of the predictability of it. So I think we're just – call it like we see it but we're learning, it's still relatively a young market, the data is relatively new, we think there is a tremendous amount of upside, we like the long term trends but it can be a bit choppy quarter-to-quarter as you've seen.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I mean you look at 2006 to 2010, there wasn't a major landed hurricane that occurred at all, that was a really, really low period as well. At baseline I don't know the impact, again we weren’t collecting that data but again, to your point, we've been in this industry, I've got two decades of experience in this industry and it is a step function business, and the step function nature comes from the fact that power outages as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, they run in cycles, I mean we don't pretend to be meteorologist here but weather tends to run a longer term annual cycles to multi-year cycles, and it's impacted by a lot of things. We think that as we think about the future and we think about what's driving our longer term confidence and act of power as a category, it's really the underinvestment in the grid, I mean just skip the weather outages and the timing of those outages and the inability on the cycles that they go in, the fact remains that there has been a massive underinvestment in this country’s power gird and that has not changed, nothing structural has changed in that, it's just basically you've got an environment for whatever reason and for the last couple of years as you've said, we didn't – we had higher than normal activity in 2011 and 2012 and then since 2013 we've had lower than normal activity. So it runs in ways like that and it's part of the – it's really just part of the make-up of this business and it's part of why we try to diversify this company as well, I mean we think there is pieces of our business now today that are much less sensitive to what goes on quarter-to-quarter or even year-to-year in terms of outages, I mean commercial industrial market is much more – it's a business decision, it's much more of a code driven market, the mobile equipment space is a great space, it's really not driven by those things at all, it's driven by other cycles like non-residential construction spending, oil and gas, and mining and other things like that but we're trying to desensitize a bit, the company – to use lack of a better term volatility around the residential business that can occur.
Aaron Jagdfeld: There is a lot of air freight, there is a lot of prebuys on inventory, so you've got inventory carrying cost that elevate because you've got to put that inventory somewhere you got to handle it, you got to do things with it but [Cross Talks], and I think the comments there – we saw that building in the fourth quarter and of course as York mentioned the impact that it had on the first quarter gross margin, and we do expect it will be a little bit of that hangover here as we go into the second quarter. But all in all, I mean we've seen it start to obey – the reason we've seen it abide is we've got inventories come back, you see in the raw material inventory numbers at the end of the quarter and we've seen a ton of containers shake loose from that logjam out there in the west coast and that's come at us now and obviously with kind of a slower residential business and a slower performance overall in Q1 there is also some elements of inventory increase related to that, so it was kind of double whammy that way, so not necessarily an ideal situation, put it that way, it's not what we had planned and not what we want to see but we'll work that down over the coming quarters.
Aaron Jagdfeld: The inventory position is really related roughly to two major factors, one is we have elevated levels of raw material mainly because we are buying ahead of the port congestion to try to keep lines flowing and not have to spend a ton on the air freight but has that became an elongated event that was more difficult. And actually what ended up happening is we were in the first part of the first quarter we were running thin on certain components and that's why we had to air freight them in. Unfortunately as the port situation started to resolve itself towards the end of the quarter we saw a lot of inventory hitting our dock. So it's really the timing of the inventory, we had the air fright parts in but then those parts arrived or on the water waiting out in Pacific Ocean idealing off the coast. So we saw that impact our inventory levels and raw material is a good chunk of that, and then the finished goods inventory as well. Portables which we've called out and we talked about and then also standby, our standby inventory levels are elevated, our residential standby. Again we deliver products there, those are stocked products, those are delivered with zero to two weeks an order; so we keep a certain level of stock at all times. As we look at the channel which we have a very good handle on; what's in channel and what's in our inventory levels, we are somewhat elevated here at the end of Q1. A lot of that is related to the slowness of the market in Q1, so even though I'm saying my shipments were flat year-over-year, they were below our expectations, and that's really what drove I think a lot of our challenges in Q1 in terms of the miss. So that resulted in higher inventory levels, we'll have to burn that off over Q2 and it's kind of why we're for the first half standpoint why we were also saying we were tampering our outlook here for the entire first half.
Aaron Jagdfeld: No. I mean all the data – the grid is only marginally smarter, it's going to take a lot more money than what's been spend to make it really, really smart. And I don't know the smartest grid is not going to help if a tree falls on the line that connects the major power line to your home, no smart grid in the world is going to save you from not having power. So the issue of the grid being above ground is really the bigger issue. Smart grid will certainly help to maybe shorten the duration of outages to a degree which we would think would show up in some of our numbers long term but we just look at raw number of outages that are occurring in those – the number of outages occurring. Again, smart grid is not going to keep that from happening, the number of outages will be what they will be because until the grid is put below ground I think it's still going to be susceptible to all the conditions it's susceptible to today but – and frankly, the grids got a long way to go to get really smart. There is smart metering going on and I think we are starting to see something’s happen as with the utility companies beginning to put some – finally digitization of their monitoring and other things to help identify issues but it's a long road and again, I think our long term perspective here is nothing’s going to be really solved on this front and either somewhat mitigated perhaps but I just – there has been such an underinvestment cycle that there is going to be power outages for the foreseeable future. I mean I'm saying I'm talking decades, I'm not talking years, even if we had a plan today that trillions and trillions of dollars will be needed to bring the grid into this kind of – from a reliability standpoint to five or six times of reliabilities is decades away and in terms of just even be able to execute against the plan even if we had funding, and we have neither the funding nor the plan, so I don't see any changing on that front any time soon.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So that was a project we really worked on really all of 2014, we started it in early 2014, made our decisions around representation in key markets in second quarter of last year and work to build that up and introduce those either new partners or the changes that we have made to kind of get those things point in the right direction in the back half. I think our comments about stronger second half of C&I this year versus the first half, some of that is that industrial distribution piece continuing to kind of progress. Unfortunately if you change distribution partners or bring new one-board it takes a while to get those new sales team up to speed, to make the relationships in the local markets that need to be made. To get the quote logs, get the quoting activity brought up to a level where I can start to convert orders, it's a very long sales cycle in C&I on that side of the business and we believe that we made some really good decisions last year. We think we have some continued decisions to make around distribution this year, in the beginning of this year and then now we’re just working with those distributors to really make them more effective in their markets and a lot of that is through education and lot of training. There is quite a bit of support being given at those distribution partners in the of developing a sales process a more robust sales process for them that’s not just unique to each distributor but more across the board for all of our distributors to use. So we got some tools that we’re putting together for that and again our comments would be that we think it's going to pick up steam here as we roll through the year and have a bigger impact in the second half of this year than it had in the first half.
Aaron Jagdfeld: We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to our second quarter 2015 earnings release which we anticipate will be some point at late July, so with that we wish you a good morning. Thank you.
