York Ragen: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2012 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and CEO. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac Holdings or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements in the associated risk factors. In addition, we'll make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures including reconciliation to comparable US GAAP measures is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I'll now turn the call over to Aaron. 
York Ragen: Yes, Chris I think if you look at our revised guidance in terms of total sales where we say previously we're talking high-teens growth year-over-year and now talking low 20s and that predominantly as we talked about is as the result of some of these major outages we saw at the end of June, early July, they backed a little bit off for some of the Q2 beat, but majority of that upwardly revised guidance is in fact from those outages so you can sort of zero in from that standpoint. 
York Ragen: Well I guess, I mean what we can say is C&I was up 76%. Organically we still saw some modest growth organically. So the majority of the C&I growth was Magnum. But we did still -- saw modest organic growth on the C&I side, so I think that's -- to be able to zero in from that standpoint. 
York Ragen: Well, I think what we've been experienced has been the normal level ever since purchasing Magnum, so I think to answer your question I think it's, it'd be more consistent maybe some upticks here as mix may change a bit but and some moderation, realization modernized -- moderation commodities but I wouldn't expect it to be dramatically different from current levels. 
York Ragen: Yes I mean I think as Aaron mentioned, commenting to the season here at the end of June we seasonally ramp up our inventory levels for the season and then the expectation is we will work that inventory down throughout the second half of the year. So should get a positive contribution of cash flow from working capital through the second half of the year as a result. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: A lot of that, Mike, is a result of the events that occurred, the event I think it happened the night of June 29, our quarter ends on June 30. So there is not a heck of a lot of that event in Q2, it's mostly in Q3. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean basically what we've done and this is our approach, I don't know if it's exactly the right approach, but it's our approach and I think it fits what we're trying to accomplish here. But we're taking the globe and we're looking at regions of the globe that fit our products where we can be most competitive and certainly where outages are more prevalent and we've distilled that down into kind of a roadmap if you will for ourselves to follow. And we started out with Latin America last year as we I think previously described to everybody on the calls. We believe Australia, the New Zealand market is really kind of a fairly logical step, frankly a fairly easy step for us in those markets. You can think of Australia, Australia is a big island. A lot of the housing is kind of towards the coastal regions. They do get some severity of weather similar to the U.S., the outages aren't quite the same frequency level as what we experience here in the U.S., but home values, single family home values actually eclipse that of the U.S. on average. So we believe that it's a market that's got some potential. Certainly other parts of the world where natural gas, Australia being an area of the world where nat gas is very prevalent, other areas of the world where nat gas is prevalent, you can think of Russia, the Ukraine, there are parts of Latin America where natural gas is becoming a bigger force in terms of the fuel source. Those would be areas on our roadmap that we're concentrating on. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes, I think it's a great question. I mean obviously we're peppered with news from other companies and macroeconomic news that on the C&I side that should give us pause and frankly it does. I think we might -- we might take the position that we were a bit conservative early on in our guidance on C&I for the full year. I think we may have suffered a bit for that relative to other companies coming out a little bit stronger out of the gate than we did, but I think the year is playing a bit into our hand relative to -- our business is a late cycle business when we talk about stationary products in particular and so we look for some of those things that are early on that are kind of leading indicators for us. We saw a few of those things earlier this year, we started issuing that guidance that kind of gave us pause. The other thing I would tell you, the second half of the year traditionally in particular with national accounts for us tends to be a lighter -- first half is stronger than second half generally, because budgets dry up, it's not always the case, but in general it's kind of a rule of thumb. So as far as what we're seeing, I think it's playing out along those trends. I do think there are some areas of concern relative to, when we look at Magnum's business in particular, we look at the large national rental houses, just their plans for CapEx spending in 2H versus 1H, that obviously gives us a little bit more pause. We think that's appropriately reflected in our guidance here as we kind of come back out for the second half. So on the legacy business, I think what we're seeing there is we still, again as we mentioned we like the nat gas space, that's been a nice area of growth, continues to be more aligned as what we refer as the optional standby market. So it's geared towards smaller businesses, those companies for which standby power generation is really a business decision and with net gas being priced appropriately relative to the capital cost of that equipment as well as the operating cost associated with gas, nat gas has really come on strong is I think a very solid way for businesses to protect revenue streams, inventories from spoilage and whatnot and particular in light of some of the outage events that occurred last year. On the diesel side and with, in particular, larger projects appear for us anyway looking at our quote book and our quoting activity appeared to be moving out further in terms of the quote-to-order conversion, it to be taking longer on bigger projects. So I think that's fairly consistent with what we heard across the market. I don't think we're seeing anything that's specific at Generac as much as it is, more of a -- some uncertainty forming around the market. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes and it's a great question Jerry and one that we're trying to obviously get our arms around as well. In terms of the market opportunity in Australia, again is what as I said just a minute ago, I think we see it as a very logical step for us and it's a country rich in nat gas. It's a country with single family home values, but a viable that of the U.S. which is, frankly it's typical to find markets like the U.S. and housing anywhere in the world, Australia probably approximates the U.S. closer than any other market from a valuation standpoint. And then the fact that they are coastally located, most of the housing that is in populous areas and they do have the severity of weather from strong winter weather to obviously typhoons and things that impact them in their summer months. So 9.5 million homes is the projection for single family homes by 2017. I do think, just if you wind the clock back and you look at what our North America here, it's taken us some 20, 25 years to get to the point where we're at a 2.5% penetration. So I don't think that we want to overstate the impact that this could happen to the company, but I think it's a very logical step for us to, it's kind of an entry point to get in this market. We're doing it through a very well known distributor who has a lot of locations relative to distribution, 400 dealers in Australia, another 150 in New Zealand. We think that we picked a good partner here. We do have to figure this market out though, there is no question it's going to take some time sometime to break that out and figure out the best way to sell them in this market. It may not form out the same way as the U.S. market in terms of just the sales process. We have to figure that out, how to engage the electrical contractors who're going to be needed to install the products and things like that. But we're excited about it. It really represents for all intents and purposes our first major foray outside of the U.S. We're going to staff it appropriately. We're going to have some dedicated resources internally here that will shepherd that market eventually, probably aiming up in the Australian market directly working for us. But right now we're going to have in the startup phase, the distributor is going to provide really all of the support and the requirements that we're going to need to launch the products there. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Sure. So lead times as we said at the end of Q2 or at the end of Q1 excuse me, we're coming back into kind of the normal range of anywhere between 0 and 2 weeks depending upon the model. I think they really came into full, back to that level in the beginning of Q2 and by the end of Q2 we've remained there and in fact here in the beginning of Q3, we've remained there even with the outage events. So I mean we don't see lead times any longer than what they normally are at this point. As for Honeywell product line, that continues as we said in our prepared remarks, we like the trajectory of that product launch. It's been about a year now since we launched it about 3.5 quarters here and it's doing exactly what we wanted to do which was to give us access with this product category to the HVAC market more directly. Our 4,600 dealers are roughly, there is a high concentration of dealers if not all then that are somehow involved with the electrical trade businesses as oppose to the HVAC business. We see the HVAC distribution channels are very viable distribution channel for these products and the Honeywell brand is a great way to go after that channel we believe with a brand that's not specific to any one HVAC OEM which is the former program that we had in place, which was a good program, but frankly only gave us access to that percentage of the market for which that OEM had share in. So Honeywell we believe is more agnostic as a brand going into the HVAC space and therefore it should give us a broader opportunity set over the long haul, but we like where it's headed. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean channel inventory as it stands today is we believe probably frankly a little light going into what should be the busiest time of the year for us as it relates to standby generators, which as we've said on previous comments and previous remarks Chris, standby is not a category of product that's heavily inventoried to begin with, but in places where it is such as the wholesale channel, some are larger dealers, some of our ecommerce partners, those inventories are we believe probably at a lower level than they would normally be as -- more as a result of this latest series of events. Portable generators are probably the latest channel checks that we had, we are roughly in line with where we need to be for that. We are ordering -- we're probably a little bit a later than we would like to be there coming into season, so we're bringing a little bit more stock in just to make sure that we are set for the upcoming season should an outage event curve of the kind of magnitude that we saw last year. We want to be ready to handle that. But I think for right now I would tell you that inventory levels are, if they are not at normal they are maybe just slightly under where they would -- where we would want to see them at this point. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. I think you'd look at the Derecho is, we're feeling it's somewhat smaller than Snowtober. I think the thing that Snowtober benefited from to use your term and others who have used it and coined it. That event because it follows only 8 weeks apart from the Irene event and roughly in the same geographical location, because of the closeness of those 2 events I think it exacerbated somewhat the echo effect that Snowtober had and therefore may have made it a bigger event strictly from the impact that it has on our business, right. I won't speak to your 1/3, 2/3 relative to the impact, but I would say that if you had the rank order of the events, Irene was the bigger event, Snowtober was in the middle and then I would put the Derecho is somewhere kind of underneath that Snowtober event. York I don't know if you see it the same way. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. I think -- again and I think Jeff you can kind of look at our revised guidance which we said is mainly the result of this event. So I mean if you wanted to kind of bracket that guidance change as in terms of the impact of that and again I think a lot of that focus more on the third quarter as a result of that. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Sequentially Q2 to Q3, we would say that would actually improve on the residential side. Again a lot of portable generators were sold during an event like that, we see an immediate reaction. We do expect an afterglow effect as well in those areas with home standby to come over the next 6 to 12 months. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: On the last day of the quarter, I mean we track outages and in tracking those outages, I mean we've tracked them now for 3 or 4 years, we saw some of the lowest ratings prior to that event for Q1 and Q2 than we've seen in a long time. So I mean it was really -- it was a very mild winter, so there really wasn't a lot of winter events. Obviously here in Q3 the summer months have been, in particular July has been more active relative to just the kinds of outages. But certainly I think that we're pretty pleased with our performance and res given the fact that we just had -- we really had no outages for the first 6 months of the year. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean from an obviousness standpoint there are some other markets around the world that we would say kind of approximate what we're zeroing in on, whether it's rich availability of nat gas where power quality is an issue and where home values are elevated. But they are more scattered, I mean you get beyond Australia, those -- there are pockets of them everywhere around the world frankly. I mean we're finding them in the Ukraine, we're finding them in parts of Latin America, the Caribbean, there are some very obvious areas like that that you would expect that a backup power system, a home standby generator would be something that that would be -- somebody would want to obtain. From a management resource standpoint, clearly that's always going to be a constraint when you are expanding. It's been a constraint on the company, we've added a lot of people over the last 12 months here. It's part of what you see in our operating expense line in terms of maybe not getting the kind of leverage that some people might expect off of that. We believe those are very wise investments to make for our future. We need to make those. Some of its missionary work like what we're doing here in Australia and going out and doing in other parts of the world, but we also have from a product standpoint you have to develop certain products for local markets, right, we have a very North American centric product offering, it's highly regulated the North American market. Therefore the product has cost, additional in it that, frankly it may not be needed in other parts of the world. So in terms of getting the right product offering, in terms of getting the right distribution partner that you alluded to is also critical. So again we've put a roadmap together, we think that we're going to be executing on that roadmap very aggressively here over the next several years. Australia was a good step, we've been hammering away at Latin America over the last 12 months, seeing some good movement there in terms of adding new distribution. It's taking a while to just get that distribution on board which it does again because of your spreading yourself thinner into other languages and other cultures and product mixes and things for those local markets but we're figuring it out, and it's going to get -- we've said all along with the upside with going global is it's a big upside but it's going to take a while to get there. We're going to do it as we can in certain countries organically like what we're doing in Australia and in other countries. Frankly, it may make more sense for us to look at M&A as a better way to or partnerships or JVs or some other way to get into other markets more quickly. So we're evaluating all of that and stay tuned, you're going to see more that from us. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Well right now, we've been consistent in saying it's about 2.5% of US households, and frankly there are so many US households and every one percent of penetration in the market as we define it relative to our opportunities that is really about 50 million US households. And that's, so 1% would be 500,000 homes, so that's a lot of generators I don't think it's -- and we're talking in total market as well. So if we move to 2.6, 2.7% by the end of year that would be -- that would probably somewhere in that range but it's going to take, it takes a lot to move that needle. We see those outage events as great opportunities for us increase awareness on the category, more and more people are talking about home standby generators which is great for the category and it's something that we've -- we continue to work on in terms of education, in terms of how we pursue that market with being a lot more direct in our marketing activities, getting a lot smarter in how to sell this product, getting a lot smarter in helping our dealers get a lot smarter in terms of developing those dealers and turning them into the kinds of sales instruments that we need out on the street selling those products but it's a slog, I mean it takes a while to grow a market. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: That's a great question. We see the penetration rate as nearly zero, I mean I'd say it's frankly there is just not a lot going on there. The competitors who are they're the same guys that are here in the US, and so, and the way they appear to be going to market and I can't speak for them directly but the way they appear to be going to market is roughly the same where they're going to market here. Although maybe a little more heavy reliance on outdoor power equipment dealers as opposed to electrical contractors. So again I think we have a lot to learn about this market, we think that because of our broad product offering, because of our competitiveness and pricing, because of the support that we give our distribution partners from a marketing standpoint and sales standpoint. We think that we can approach that market similarly the way we approach it here in the US, but we haven't quite figured that out yet but right now it looks like a fairly greenfield site relative to just not, just a lot of wide space. There is not, there is really nobody else doing anything there, it's for lack of --probably a lack of focus, lack of effort and frankly the same reason they get low percentages here in the US is probably the same reason they're getting low percentages there. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes it's really the time delta between events in a particular market has an impact, has a significant impact. And really it's a compounding effect, what happens is when you get an event in a region where there hasn't been any significant events in long time and I'm talking about years, years and years. What happens is, and because this category is still so new we oftentimes don't have their kind of distribution channel that has been built to handle an increase in baseline demand. So the first step generally when an event happens is building out distribution, frankly. And so it really takes a second event within a couple of years after that even some set, some point whether it's 8 weeks like it was the case with the event in the snow even after Irene or as of the case here it's 8 months after that snow event with this Derecho, that compounding effect it gets magnified because you've got additional distribution partners in the market that you didn't have during the first go around. So I think that does have a significant impact and so I guess to answer your question more bluntly in a mark, if you get an area and I won't use in area like Florida because Florida has had a lot of events, distribution is pretty well built out of there. If you get an event in Florida, a hurricane or something if that could have a nice impact for the company, not a nice impact obviously for the home owners there but it certainly has an impact on us more positively than it would say an event in some place that hasn't had a major events in the long time, like it could've happened in Kentucky or some other -- I'm picking a state but a state where events are not frequently. So that does have an impact and we think that distribution, the build out on distribution plays a big role in that. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes, so on the power washer product category we reentered that, Stanley, about a year ago now, that was a market that we were very prevalent back in 1990s, we built the market frankly, there were others in it at the time but we took it to a different level relative to mass merchants and the DIY retailers and we had a very capable team at that time that did an awesome job with that product category. We learned a lot, we still have some of those individuals here at the company and when we decided to reenter that category certainly leveraging our position after reentering portable generators was definitely in our math. The channel partners are roughly the same, portable generators are by and large a retail channel game, power washer is the same, a lot of times the buyers -- not in all cases, but the buyers for these products at mass merchants is generally the same individual. So we were able to build on some of our relationships there. And I think probably more importantly what has surprised us a little bit is the strength of the brand and the brand, the recognition of our brand in that market place. It's been refreshing to see how people have received it. And I think our success in portable generators have given us some creditability in going out and getting back in this market. We feel, we're feeling pretty good about where we were going with innovating in this category, it's line review season right now so we don't have any direct feedback that we can give you about 2013 but we're certainly planning as if we could end up with some additional market share there, for 2013. Just how much it's going to be really the result of where these line reviews end up. And line reviews are tough and our competitors are tough, they're very good, they've been in this market a long time and they understand the market and they certainly want to hold on to their share. So I don't think we are going to delude ourselves into thinking that we're just going to come in and take it all. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: But we are, I think we're cautiously optimistic that we are going to be a large player in this market place in the next several years. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes, we don't comment specifically on the M&A pipeline but I think what we can say is that what would interest us most would be companies, I mean a lot like Magnum when you look at engine driven products that have, where we have the capability to take things that we do well here at the company from manufacturing and operations of global supply and leverage that or areas where we can leverage our distribution with other products. If we can find other product categories that fit well into our existing distribution, we've built a very robust distribution pipeline for our products here, so where the products could go into that. I think generally if I think in terms of engine powered products because that's a bit of where our expertise lies. I would tell you the area that from an M&A standpoint that we continue to look at as I said in my previous comments, would it make more sense geographically to get into some markets through an acquisition. We're looking at that, that's something I think is a little bit of a -- it's a bit of a harder step than it would be buying a domestic company here to expand into other engine powered products but yet I think of maybe at an important step in our development to go global and that's something that we're actively pursuing opportunities as they come and we think that the next several years there are some things that could be actionable, depends on where the global economy goes, depends on how our business goes but I think you could look at the Magnum acquisition as really kind of the first foray. We've actually completed now 3 acquisitions in really the last, it would be in the last 18 months and 2 of them very small, one of them Magnum much larger but we are ramping up a pipeline here and we believe that there is an opportunity to do some more that with the strength of our balance sheet and some of the areas where we want to grow with our strategy. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: We want to thank everybody for your time this morning and we look forward to speaking with you on our third quarter earnings call. Thank you. 
