Kris Rosemann: Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2023 earnings call. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, President and Chief Executive Officer; and York Ragen, Chief Financial Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today’s call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
Kris Rosemann: Yes. I mean obviously, you won’t have the headwinds that we have had with bringing field inventory down. We have been under-shipping that. It will be more normalized. And so just – I mean just in terms of raw shipments, we should see growth that way in that home standby business. Your question maybe is more like will activations grow, installations grow, which is our proxy for I guess sales in terms of the end market that way. We obviously are – we are evaluating market conditions, IHCs. Again, second best on record, so that obviously is a leading indicator, so we got…
Kris Rosemann: Yes. We typically short-term guide without any major events. And as you know, those happen. So, that’s always a catalyst for growth over the longer term. So, that – those are obviously the drivers. And then all the megatrends around that we are talked about for a while that are driving the demand for the category higher, those are still intact.
Kris Rosemann: We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings results with you in mid-February. Thank you again and goodbye.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Yes, we did say this morning that inventories continue – field inventories continue to come down. And the way we phrased it, they are reaching a more sustainable level because we’re definitely seeing areas as we noted, I think, not only at our Investor Day, but maybe even on the last call, where we have certain regions and certain models, certain channels like our dealer channel, in particular, that are or feeling like we’re kind of abnormal. And they are back to the whole question of what is normal, right? I mean we picked a pre-COVID kind of average to say what that is. And so we continue to work towards that and making good progress. We’re still undershipping the market in terms of overall end market demand. So – but it’s narrowing up. It’s not nearly what it was earlier this year. We were severely under shipping the market earlier this year. That’s why the results were what they were. And as we get closer to kind of that, I would call it, in-line shipping to market end market demand, you’re seeing the impact of that on the results, both in the gross margin level as well as EBITDA margins. We’re able to really focus on improving the efficiency in our factories because we’re taking up our production rates to get closer to that end market demand. The really good news is we continue to see end market demand remain quite strong for home standby. And that’s in spite of having it’s really kind of a light season relative to the third quarter here. outages in total were above average, the long-term average. And of course, there were a lot of well-publicized articles around potential outages with some of the demand – supply-demand challenges that remain out there. But we feel really good about where the category is at. And we feel like as we’ve been saying all along, as we finish up the year here and we get into 2024, we’re going to be much, much closer to normal at all channels. And so the other part of your question on wholesale and retail, as we’ve said in the past, if you look at all kind of the three major channels as we think about them dealer, wholesale and retail, dealer feels like it’s closer to normal. Wholesale would be next in line and then retail would be a little bit further out, but they are all approaching a more normal level.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So the majority of the sales, as we say, more than 50% go through that dealer channel. It’s a really important channel for us. Our wholesale and retail channels are important channels as well, but the dealer channel with 8,700 dealers is clearly a critical area of focus for us. And of course, the bandwidth in that dealer channel around sales and installation and service as the market grows, we’ve got over 3 million units in the field. That’s a really important area. As far as close rates, and that is the channel that we can measure close rates on because we have our PowerPlay sales system is offered through that channel. So it’s a way for them to quote and sell product. And so we get really good visibility into close rates by dealer, by product, by region. And as we said on the last call, close rates have kind of flattened out, and that’s how they have kind of played out similar to that. Actually, I mean, we’ve seen some near-term improvement here, but we’re not ready to call it a new trend up, but the month of October has been relatively good. It’s – you have to think of it in the context, this is a look back, right? So when we talk about close rates, we have a window of time, we look back because it takes time for quotes to mature to a point of – for us to make a call on whether it’s closed as a sale or not. But we are seeing some green shoots there, but we – we’re not ready to quite call it a trend yet. So we’ve still kind of forecasted things here as being somewhat flat. The consumer, obviously, as everybody is well aware, there is some uncertainty out there looming around the consumer in certain big ticket discretionary purchase categories. But as we’ve said, in our category, in particular, outages tend to help us overcome any general macro weakness in the consumer. And that has been the historical case for us. And I think that might be why we saw what we saw in the third quarter is outages were above the long-term average. And so we’ve seen the consumer perform quite well in our category of products. But we’re keeping a very close eye on it. We want to see how things play out here for the balance of the year and into 2024. But we’re encouraged by sales leads for sure. I mean October was another strong – the third quarter was another strong quarter for us, second best quarter ever for us in terms of just sales leads. And so that’s been really encouraging to see in terms of just the interest – the overall interest and awareness in the category.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Brian, California was always a small-ish market for us in terms of home standby. It grew during the well-publicized power safety shutoff events of a couple of years ago. But the penetration rate is around 2% now, so still quite underpenetrated relative to the – I think, the full average was somewhere like 5.75% across the U.S. So, slightly below that for California, a little less than 2%. So it still represents an area of potential growth. I think those gas bands are pretty localized. And in fact, some of them have actually been overturned in courts of law. So I don’t know where that’s going to ultimately go. We need natural gas as a bridge fuel to get to the other side of the full transition to renewables, gas is going to play. And that gas is a great way to get there in terms of just the cleanliness of that fuel source and the plentiful nature of it to help us to make the transition, the energy transition. So I think it would be very shortsighted to band that gas, but that’s – I know that, that varies location to location. So but still opportunities there. You’re right, though, I would say, in recent quarters, for sure, you haven’t seen the high-profile nature of power safety shutoffs as you maybe saw them a few years ago. We did see some outage activity coming out of the kind of spring storms, winter storms of last year and IHCs were pretty robust in California. So we continue to see growth there. And again, it was a lot less than 1% before, so it’s less than 2% now, so still growing and represents obviously a huge market just in terms of the opportunity in terms of the number of homes in that state.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, we can, George. I guess, George Gianarikas is always powered on, so – good to hear you, George.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, George. It is interesting. I mean, with the – and we said it this morning in the prepared remarks, we’re seeing softness in that solar plus storage, the residential solar plus storage market. Actually, ecobees continue to just – they are posting record quarter after record quarter here, which is pretty amazing. I think new products coming out and they are killing it actually. We’re doing really well with that business, and there is a lot of great things around that. But when it comes to the storage side of the market, which we’re still bullish on long-term, given the structural nature of the grid transition and the policy tailwinds that should be there, we feel like the current environment, while negative, is kind of a, I think, more temporary than permanent. And so – but the good news for us is we have a lot of new product coming next year. So I don’t feel like we’re missing out on maybe what’s going on in the market today by having – our product offering is fine today, but our next-generation product offering is going to – is really going to be – I think set us apart from the competition. I think it’s going to establish us as the leader, we think we can be in that marketplace going forward or a leader. I think we all know we struggled with our – the acquired products initially. And I think we’ve worked very hard and will be working very hard over the next 12 months to bring the new products we have to market. We’ve got a huge team working on that. It’s why the level of investment, as we said at our Investor Day, is so heavy. And we do believe in it long-term. So I don’t think to answer your question directly, I don’t think it changes the trajectory necessarily of anything we’re doing there. But I think it probably does soften maybe the fear of missing out, if you will, the FOMO around maybe not having leading products there today. And we just getting a pause in the market here maybe is just the timing is just good for us. But we expect to be in the market in a big way later next year with our new products, and we’re pretty excited about where we’re going with that.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. It’s a great line of questioning, Donovan, and an area that I would say that in the last 12 months, we have been focusing a lot more closely on the IHCs that are coming through. And that really goes hand-in-hand with the pull down in the close rates we saw happened during COVID. We – initially, our explanation around that was all around the long lead times of the product. And I do think that, that had a material effect on – coming off of the high point for close rates where we were to where we dropped down to in – during COVID. There was no doubt in our mind based on the information and feedback that we had that close rates were being impacted negatively by the long lead times for the products. Now, as the lead times have recovered and close rates have recovered, but not to the level that – not nearly to the level they were at, that’s where you start to look at other factors. And so I think you are on to something there, and we have started as I have said over the last 12 months and really dig into this with more vigor. And I think what we found – one of the things that we are concluding is that the category itself. The buyers of the category largely remain fairly concentrated in the demographic that you highlighted, over age 60, people who want to stay in their homes as long as possible. Power outages are more than just an inconvenience as you age in your home. And I think that, that had largely driven the category in the early days. But as the category expands and we reach different levels of penetration, we are now reaching different demographics that are interested in resiliency as much or more perhaps than some of the traditional demographics. We all live in a very digital age today. And I think, again, maybe owing to the pandemic, people are – the way the nature of work, the way we live today is different, right. I mean we are all working in a more hybrid nature. I would wager a bet that some of the folks in the Q&A queue here today, that we can hear anyway, are working from home rather than sitting in an office somewhere. And you can’t do that if – or you can’t do it well if you are in the dark. So, power outages have a bigger impact today on people and on your livelihood and maybe on your children’s ability to be educated. All the things that we have taken for granted for many, many years, we are doing those things from home today. And we are doing it at a time when the grid has become ever more fraught with the challenges in terms of uptime. And we see it. There is some very high-profile examples, but day-in and day-out. There is tens of thousands of people every day in this country that suffer outages. And actually, those numbers are bigger and the outages are lasting longer. And so as we reach deeper across in terms of penetration rate, we are seeing different demographics, but your point is well taken. The learning curve or the education curve that process, the sales process is longer for different demographics that we have – there is more salesmanship, if you will, that has to be done to educate those consumers on the product category and the options that are available. And sometimes, financing is a bigger consideration for younger demographics, right. Older demographics tend to have maybe more readily available funding that they can pay for a project like this, whereas younger demographics may have to arrange for that in a different way, so – and that can elongate the sales process. So, we do think that, that is part of what’s going on today. As we dig and continue to dig deeper, we – Amanda Teder, our Executive VP of Marketing that spoke at the Investor Day is incredibly focused on that. She comes from a consumer product marketing background and understanding very deeply who the potential buyers are and the buyers are of our products is central to not only the messaging around marketing, but just this process of selling and also the process of nurturing, right. We talked about how we nurture sales leads. We have had to adapt our nurturing processes to adjust for some of the newer demographics we are seeing. So, anyway, lot of cool things coming there. We are putting a lot of science behind it. And I feel like we have got an appropriate level of calorie burn against it, but it’s – I think it’s – these are good problems to have. I think longer term, I think we are going to figure them out and it’s going to potentially continue to widen out the category as we grow and the penetration rate grows.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks Jon. Yes, ecobee has been having a lot of success here recently. I think a lot of that was – I don’t want to be overly basic about the explanation here, but obviously, energy costs continue to rise. And as energy costs go up, I think homeowners are – I think they are in search of ways to save money. And there is a very strong payback on an ecobee smart thermostat. You can save upwards of 40% of your energy costs annually by using a smart thermostat. And this is not a product that you basically just set a regular schedule for that you can remotely check the temperature on. I mean that’s – those are basic features. There are companies out there that are offering those features and calling themselves smart thermostats. Those are not smart thermostats. The ecobee thermostat is different in that. It actually learns your patterns in terms of when you are home, when you are not. There are sensors in the home that give it context around occupancy, and it can adjust for different variables, both heating and cooling, pre-heating, pre-cooling. There are some really cool things that it does. And it looks at energy costs in your market to make some of the decisions it’s making on your behalf or with your input. And so these are, I think really strong and important considerations for why we think the smart thermostat category, in particular, is growing and why ecobee’s solution is the best offering in that category. And that’s something that when you think about, to your question about installers, I mean I think installers they do – they try to offer, I think the value prop or to extend the value prop in their sales process. But I think it really comes down to the homeowner requesting that, right. And I think what installers appreciate mostly is the ease of installation and the level of technical support that they get from ecobee. The level of support from ecobee, whether you are a homeowner or whether you are a contractor installing the product is phenomenal. And that’s what wins the day with an installer. It can win the day with a homeowner as well, but I think for installation, from an installer standpoint, time is money. So, if you’re dealing with a product that doesn’t have great support and you have challenges with that, and you are not able to get answers to the questions you need in a timely fashion, you are wasting time, you are wasting money. If you have an ecobee thermostat and you have a problem or you have a technical question, you can get a response very quickly and a high-quality response at that and so they get incredibly high marks for technical support. I think that’s why installers largely are choosing the product over other options in the marketplace.
Aaron Jagdfeld: But let’s be clear, I mean over the category’s history, over the last 20 years, it’s grown 15% on a compounded basis. So, it just hasn’t been in a straight line. And this time around, it definitely wasn’t in a straight line because of the field inventory challenge that we have had as a persistent headwind this year. It’s getting better, but it’s really lasted the full year. So, I mean I am confident longer term, the category is going to continue to grow. It is still by far the most cost-effective way to deal with the power outage. And outages are – you look at the long-term baseline average. And these are numbers that are readily available from third-party collectors government data, FERC and NERC and others who focus on reliability, the statistics don’t lie. I mean power outages are on the rise, and they are lasting longer. We hear it from customers who are frustrated. There is another outage in Michigan today. Michigan has just been hammered by outages, and that’s one of the reasons why it’s a really good market for us penetration-wise. I mean pen rates in Michigan are over 15%, which is 15% of all single-family homes over $150,000 in value have a home standby generator install, which is when you think about that for a second, you put that in context, and I think it tells you where the pen rate can go, right. I mean pen rate nationally is 5.75%. And we are at states like Michigan, which is a major state, it’s at 15%. So – and every 1% of pen rate is the $3 billion market opportunity. So, you start adding that up and the numbers get really big, really fast. And we are at 75% share there, maybe even a little better than that. And that’s something that I think from a focal area is obviously something we put a lot of effort against as we look forward. But in terms of just whether that’s going to happen next year or not in terms of normalized growth rate, there is a lot of factors that go into that. But longer term, it’s definitely a category that is going to continue to grow.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Our industrial distributors have been doing quite well here in the U.S. and gaining market share there.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks Jeff. Yes, the – obviously, there is puts and takes, I think with that, with housing. First of all, it’s really less than 20% of our sales going to new housing. So, I would say with housing starts at those slow and as they slow, not as big of an impact on us. Most of what we do is to – is retrofitting existing housing with products. And then that gets to kind of the question of, for most people, how long do you stay in your house. And if housing turnover slows down because of the higher rate environment, does that mean that people are going to start to look at projects in their house and think about that, or is there some dampening of the enthusiasm around that even because of the higher cost of money for borrowing against your house or just the concerns, overall economic concerns that consumers might have. Those things have to play out yet. I would say that again, kind of consistent with our previous remarks on this, is that when outages happen, the one thing we do know is that homeowners generally have a list in their head of like things they want to do to their house. And a generator is probably on that list somewhere for most people, depending on how many outages they have had and how long outages have lasted. But when they get an outage, that category of product tends to move up on their list. And outages tend to trump some of the other macro things that you might see around housing or the consumer as the economy cycles. And we have seen this time and time again in our history in the business is if we get the outages, people will reprioritize their spending. Maybe they won’t hold off on that kitchen remodel or putting in a pool or doing a bath remodel or taken a family vacation even in some cases, they reallocate their consumer dollars, they are spending to other categories that they deem more important. And so as outages – and again, this is the underpinning all of this is you have to have a belief that power outages are going to be on the rise, and they are going to last longer. They are going to be happening more frequently and they are going to last longer. The data bears that out, everything else that we have been talking about here would indicate that, that is going to be the case for the next several decades, just as the grid goes through a transition. And as that happens, I think that even though we may run into some economic cycles here that could put pressure on the consumer. I think as long as the outages happen, we feel pretty good about where we are going to be.
