Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Brian, so on the clean energy market, as we define it, it's really solar plus storage. And what we did is, we put our guidance range at 125 to 150 megawatts for the full year, which is down somewhat slightly from the more bullish number we gave on the last call. And that really a lot of that pullback is going to happen here in the second quarter. Solar installations are down notably, some 25%, 30%, depending on which firm you talk to and which part of the country you look at. But the good news is solar storage attachment rates are up. So, that's kind of offsetting some of that. So I think net-net, we're saying that the new guide for storage for the year is 125 to 150 megawatt hours, but the second quarter is probably going to be a little bit lower than we were hoping.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Actually, oddly enough. I mean, we've the team has been working very hard on supply chain and this to broaden our base. Generally, the companies we acquired were smaller, start-up businesses with fairly localized supply chains initially and certainly not supply chains that could build the scale. So, we had to completely reinvent that for the most part. And the teams did a great job on that. And I think that was a watch out early on for us. But right now, we feel like we're in a pretty good position. And frankly, I think with the overall pullback in the market, our numbers, I think, would mirror much of what others are saying about the clean energy space in general. I think there's probably going to be a little bit more supply to be added than maybe was originally anticipated simply because of the lower volumes that are going to be out there.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean, IHCs have been really strong for us so far in April. We track we track a lot of metrics for that business, obviously, leading indicators, lagging indicators. But the one that we track very closely, obviously, as a leading indicator is IHCs, VHCs, we now call them VHCs because they're virtual. They're double so far in April here versus last year, which is great. And for this time of year, in particular, generally, we would be kind of entering a bit of a lull period here in terms of new sales leads, coming kind of the transition from winter to spring is something that generally slows the sales cycle down a bit. Seasonally, we've just seen this. It repeats pretty reliably. We've definitely decoupled from that. Now we had a lot of power outages down south last week, about 1.4 million people in the south last week and about 300,000 people actually yesterday in Texas and Louisiana. But what's interesting is so certainly, some of that strength is coming from that. And we look specifically at those regions. But specifically, when we look at VHCs kind of regionally, they're strong everywhere. And in fact, what's really odd to us, you look at California alone, California and you look at IHCs, it's they're in April here, they're crazy high. I mean, they're 10 times what they were last year. And there haven't been any outages yet in California.  So our thesis underpinning this is that, there's just been a dramatic increase in the awareness around the importance of backup power with everybody sheltering in place. The idea of working from home and learning from home and all these other things that the home is a sanctuary, I think a continuous supply of power, safety, security, the ability to go on with life, takes on a completely new meaning, when you're cooped up inside your home 24/7. And I think people in the uncertainty around how long the pandemic may last, and whether it may reoccur in the fall or may persist or rather future pandemics, whatever the case may be, I think it just adds one more layer of consideration for people when it comes to thinking about needing backup power. And I think that's also contributing to some of the increased attachment rates that we're seeing in the solar plus storage. I think we know from customers that resiliency is important to them.  Now we also know and we told customers, they don't get a tremendous amount of resiliency out of those products, but they do get some. And I think it's important though to note that those things all kind of point to the fact that I think the pandemic itself is raising the awareness and just heightening the level of anxiety around making sure people have backup power.
Aaron Jagdfeld: And Mike, I think just to answer the first part of your question there about IHCs or VHCs and how they kind of mature into installations and are we able to keep up and backlog and things like that. I think thankfully, we've got it's amazing to me. The residential part of our business, which I would have said 6, seven years ago, our visibility in that part of the business was much more limited. It's definitely easily, probably are most visible.  Part of the business today in terms of just the metrics that we track all the time fences between when an IHC occurs to when that turns into an order, to when that order turns into an installation, to when that installation turns into a first use of the product. I mean we've got all of those interesting time fences. So we're able to kind of take and model a lot of what we see for those leading indicators like VHCs. We're able to model those into installations down the line and look at kind of what we're going to need in terms of installation bandwidth, production bandwidth, things like that. And so obviously, our first priority here right now is making sure we keep our residential home standby production lines as operational as fully operational as we can. We're looking to hire 150 people right now between our Whitewater and Jefferson facilities. Some of that is to cover for some of the increased absenteeism we're seeing, but some of it is just flat out growth in the production rates as we go forward here. We're entering the important time of kind of preseason build for that market. Now we're sitting on a pretty decent amount of inventory in our four walls, but our field inventory levels, I would say are I don't know, you're clearly looking at this the other day, but field inventory are...
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So, on our -- I'll call it our traditional C&I channel, which is our industrial distributor channel here in North America, I'll speak to that first. Actually, for the quarter, they were slightly up. So, we think we're doing all right there, outside of the telecom, kind of lumpiness that we talked about. And actually, we knew the first half of this year, the telecom companies had told us based on their scheduling and the way their CapEx budgets were rolling through this year, that, that was going to be more of a back half type of update for them. That's the part of the guidance really that took the biggest hit was telecom in the second half. And then the mobile products, of course, which we've talked in length about, with the collapse in oil prices, in particular, driving that. But the core C&I business, those products are generally late cycle, right? So, you build a building, a new hospital wing, a grocery store or whatever, the product the generator itself doesn't need to arrive at the site until the facility is just about ready to open. So what we see going on right now, as we see a lot of projects coming to closure and the generators being put into those projects. What we're worried about going forward is where does nonres construction activity go. So you look at AIA Billings Indexes and you look at other leading indicators there, and they would indicate some weakness, at least certainly in Q2 here. But perhaps longer term, if this is more of a U-type recovery or maybe even an L-type recovery depending on your viewpoints, if it doesn't do if it doesn't come back like in a V shape through the second half, and we've and that's kind of what we've assumed. We have assumed that it doesn't come back in the second half for that traditional C&I business.  So if we get a better or a quicker recovery there, maybe it will. But largely, we feel like we're still winning in that market. We just think that, that market, knowing what we know about trends and watching our quotation, our inbound quotation trend has been very choppy the last kind of six weeks or so. We've had some up weeks, we've had some down weeks. And so we're watching it. But my sense is, knowing that we're late cycle and knowing that we're entering kind of a period of economic uncertainty. I think we're going to see fewer projects going forward, which likely is going to put pressure on that channel, and that's really what we've modeled here in the guidance today.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Correct. So think of them as all VHCs going forward, Chris. That's how we'll start to refer to them.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. There are some. It really depends on the market specifics in terms of the price of power in a particular market, incentives that may be available in that market. Some utilities have policies prohibiting some of those types of approaches. So it's kind of utility-to-utility as well. So I would say though largely, the market is a solar plus storage market at this point. As power rates continue to increase, so the spark spread, the cost at which you can buy power on the wholesale market versus the cost at which you can produce it on-site or store it on-site for, as that continues to widen, a storage-only type of approach or an approach where you're producing power through some other means, a gas generator, maybe geothermal, something like this and then storing that power in a system and then using it at a later time. That could become more prevalent in the future.
Aaron Jagdfeld: It will be more disproportionately impacting the C&I businesses. Although, I will say some of the advertising that we've taken out the advertising and promotion we've taken out in our residential businesses to match kind of the slight reduction in guide there. There's a part of that, the dollars add up quick on that side of business because it's such a big business. But largely, the $25 million to $30 million, you can think of as cost-outs associated with mobile, stationary C&I and our international businesses.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Jerry, the VHC process, it's interesting. We actually have been developing this over the last couple of years. And we've been reticent to turn it on because there's a fundamental belief that a sales transaction, the act of selling is a transferal of a motion, and that transference of a motion generally tends to take place more readily in person. And so that's been the foundational element of our in-home sales process, which is largely a kind of kitchen table sales pitch. So, we've had this VHC process in development. We obviously accelerated it, as anxiety levels for anybody coming in your home today are much higher than they were two months ago. We accelerated that, rolled it out to the dealers over the last 45 days. The dealers it's been a learning curve, and but what they found, interestingly enough to kind of get to the heart of your question. They found that they're able to be more productive overall because they don't have the travel element. Or they don't have as great of a travel element and the time commitment to do the VHC is substantially lower. They're able to do these proposals and send them off electronically. They're able to conduct with a couple of pictures, a couple of questions from the homeowner, maybe a walk around the site, depending on kind of complexities of a particular site, maybe job to job. But largely, the feedback from dealers is they've been more productive. Now it's pretty new. So the last 45 days, I don't think it would be worthwhile to give you like hard stats on, like the numbers in terms of productivity, and it continues to ramp. But the percentage of dealers that are doing it is very high. And again, that's largely because homeowners are they're just not keen on people being in their homes right now. So, we've encouraged them to shift to this process and they've accepted it quite well. Homeowners have accepted it quite well. And everybody at this point is very pleased with the transition.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Exactly. Yes, that's the part that again, I can't stress enough how amazing or resilient the home standby business is for us. It's a shockingly durable business and I've seen this before. We saw this in the '08 housing crisis. The home that residential products business for us grew during the housing crisis. Now it's got low penetration rates and it's got obviously, power outages continue to grow and people's dependence on power grows. And you add this additional layers that we've talked about of sheltering-in-place as an additional level of anxiety around losing your power. And it's just a...
Aaron Jagdfeld: Dependency on technology and communication and connectivity of the world. I mean it's amazing. If you lose power and you're in your home today, I mean, it's a different experience and maybe it even was 30 days ago or 60 days ago.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So I mean, we've got, we kind of alluded to it on the call. We've got pretty good visibility there already. A lot of preordering in that business early on here in the first quarter. So we have a decent backlog that we're working from. We're shifting our attention to continuing to add customers, which I think is the other part of your question, Jeff, in terms of acceptance of the product, it is interesting. Our initial thesis there was that we take these 6,500 residential dealers, we'd introduce these new products, and they would grab that and they'd run forward with it and promote it. The truth of the matter is, some of them have, some of them that are a little bit more out in the vanguard, some of them were already involved with solar. So that's a much easier connection point. But largely, that's going to take more time.  I think it's the takeaway there for us. But where we are getting success and we're having where we're seeing some really good acceptance is in the solar installed channel themselves, both the national installers, the national companies as well as the independent channel and the distribution partners that they use. So the wholesale channels that feed the equipment into those independent dealers, we've had a lot of really good success early on here, introducing the product to them. Obviously, we're out there talking to them how we're driving leads in this space, we're driving awareness around solar plus storage, the importance and driving those attachment rates. And that gives we get some really high marks from these guys because, that perennial challenge in the solar market has been customer acquisition costs. And obviously, anybody coming into the space, writing large checks, and we're writing large checks right now to drive not only our own brand awareness in space, but also market awareness overall and penetration rates. Anybody doing that, to help them with their customer act costs and keep those lower is that goes a long way. So we're getting a lot of great pickup there. The interesting thing, the part of our thesis that we didn't have, right, aside from the dealers, not maybe picking it up as quickly, but these solar dealers are very interested in home standby. We've had many of them are adding home standby. So we're picking up new points of life there that we really hadn't attributed much business to kind of in how we had modeled our entrance into clean energy. So it's explaining out maybe a little differently than we had thought. But I would say that, on a net-net basis, it's playing out more favorably, as obviously, as our numbers would indicate, more favorably than what we had laid out back in the Investor Day, back in September.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. It's a fascinating situation out there, Ross. In terms of the regulatory environment, I won't comment on the beaches being closed out there, but I think that was announced this morning. But as it relates to power, so there's two school of thought, right? I mean you have, okay all these people sheltering-in-place and so you can't possibly shut the power off on them because of that. But actually, every conversation we've had is, no. It's just the opposite. You have all these people sheltering-in-place, therefore, they're in their homes. So, you have to prevent wildfires. I mean the catastrophic effects in terms of the human toll on that should there be a fire, with everybody in their homes, could be much greater than the economic effect. And it's arguable, there's already going to be an economic effect from COVID-19. So, I don't think any of us can avoid that at this point. So, I think that what the schools of thought there are, and in particular, PG&E would tell you, and we've heard them say this, that they believe the power shutoffs last year were largely responsible for the reduction in wildfires. They've equated a high correlation to that. So, and in terms of their operating process going forward, they feel that they're going to use that absolutely as a tool whereas in the past, they haven't, right? So and again, there's a lot of things that go into that decision. Now as far as other partnerships and things, we were actually I commend PG&E. They were trying to do the right thing. In terms of grid support projects, we were actually bidding in our C&I business on some large grid support projects out there with natural gas gens and other products. But regulators have made it almost impossible for them to make the kinds of changes that they need to make. There was reticence to add those types of products because they're fossil fuel based. But yet at the same time, the additional technologies that could be used are not ready for prime time. The cost effectiveness in those technologies, the overall effectiveness of those technologies are not there yet. And so their hands are tied. And so they killed some of those projects, those grid support projects. And I think that always that's only going to put more pressure on the grid and on PG&E to use power shutoffs as a tool as we go into the fall. So I again, a lot of it's going to depend on the fire season. They're having an early drought. I think the weather service identified it as a mega drought in parts of the country here that California is in. Now they've had a little bit of rain lately, but overall, it's been very dry and it's been very warm. So we see it in the trends, Ross. There are people are obviously worried about it. Our VHCs are way up, our activations are way up, our dealer counts are way up. People are concerned about power outages in California.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. No, it's a great question, Phil. And I'm actually looking at a chart that we pulled together on that very point because it's, again, it's another kind of data point we watch very closely. Because if you pull out the number of days or if you extend the number of days, that can certainly result in creating a potential air pocket at some point in the future for purchases as you work backwards from the install to when the dealer needs to buy the equipment. But so there's a lot of different time fences involved here. But I think what I'll largely say rather than we haven't given a ton of granularity around this historically, but I will say this, it has gotten longer, kind of pre-COVID, the levels were kind of thinking that 60- to 70-day range between VHC and the activation. So, the quote and the install, right, if you want to use more kind of different nomenclature there. But and so what that that peaked at around 90 days? So, kind of at the height of, kind of as we got through the month of March, so it went up considerably. That's a 40% or 50% increase in the amount of time. But more recently, in the last few weeks, we've seen it come down back into almost normal levels, which is interesting. So, now the comment about 50% of inspectors doing virtual permitting. Remember, there are a lot of places around the country where the permitting is still going on. So, you can still walk up to your local township and get a permit. Or were they just they haven't shut down as hard as maybe areas of like the Northeast or parts of the country where, clearly, that's been more challenging. In the Midwest, largely here, you can still go get a permit. You can't get a haircut, but you can get a permit for building project. But it is interesting, and it is something we watch very closely, and we'll continue to watch that very closely.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I would just add one last comment there. Typically, VHCs, we would see an increase as we go into the season. So, that increase is obviously happening earlier than normal. So, the extent of the -- you have to kind of put it in perspective, the in-season, out-of-season. So there is some of that, that you have to do as well. But yes, we get the question, and it's we think we're modeling it appropriately. We got a lot of experience doing this. And it's hard to say what the consumer impact is going to be in the back half. So we're kind of trying to model some of that as well. There's a little bit of the air that's going to come out of the balloon certainly around res investment, but that's a good question, Phil.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Joe, that hasn't been a challenge at this point. Now we are actively looking to expand our supply base on all of our major components, again, kind of coming from a position of two start-up companies that largely had a pretty nascent supply chain, the Pika organization was buying through distribution, as an example, for that lithium product. And so we've gone direct to the manufacturer, obviously, is a way to not only shorten the supply chain, but making more cost effective. But a lot it really depends in lithium, and as you well know, a lot of it really depends on EV demand. So where does EV demand go here? And I think largely, 2020 could be a more challenging space for EV demand in parts of the world, and particularly like China than what was originally forecasted. So that should certainly loosen up supply for cells. But that being said, we are still looking at continuing to expand our base of supply for those.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. That is a that's a request that we hear repeatedly from our customers at this point. And we believe we're in a great position to be able to solve that. And that's something that as we go forward, there's a really good case to be made for the durability of a system like that. And in fact, with natural gas prices where they're at, in terms of just as low as they are, the ability to produce your own power on-site for the purposes of either charging your storage system or perhaps, using some of that power to extend the resilience, again, either as a battery charging system and/or as a substitute for the battery itself, if the battery gets fully depleted. Now we believe there are some use cases there. And I think that's a product that you will see in the marketplace here, in short order.
York Ragen: Yes. I mean I think what we said in the prepared comments is that residential products overall would be up solid, I think, was the word I used in the prepared comments, but underpinning that would be growth slight growth in home standby, which I think is which is a win in this environment.
York Ragen: And I will add the number that I gave in terms of that home standby growth year-over-year was our baseline guidance. That doesn't include a major event, should that happen.
York Ragen: Yes. I mean, we didn't give necessarily seasonal guidance on the 125 to 150 megawatt hours deployed. But I think with Q2 that we had originally expected that to grow pretty evenly throughout the year. When we originally guided, I think with the impact of the pandemic, I think the Q2 rates will have slow, maybe not as significantly as you just raveled off there, but then it should grow nicely off of Q2 into Q3 and then sequentially into Q4. So didn't necessarily provide that level of detail in terms of quarter-to-quarter seasonality.
York Ragen: Yes. I mean, we haven't specifically broke out our sales into California across the company. I know we talked over the last maybe couple of quarters. 2018, it was a very small number. We added roughly a little over $75 million last year to California. And we expect to add a sizable amount to California into 2020, sounds maybe something similar. And that will continue we expect that to continue to grow into 2021 and 2022, especially as we build out distribution. We quoted, we have over 400 dealers now in California. We're going to continue to add dealers. And so it's a nice growth opportunity for us. And the numbers I'm quoting are just power generation. That does not include any clean energy. I just want to be clear.
York Ragen: Yes, it's good. I think previously, we talked yes, we expect to break even with those products for the year. We still expect to breakeven even, even with the slight pullback that we had, we just moderated some of the OpEx around that. But I think internally, we're still expecting to break even for those products for the year with start-up losses in the first half, profitability in the second half. I think for the year overall, roughly maybe about a 1.5% drag on overall corporate margins as a result of that business. But obviously, the exit EBITDA margins, leaving the year should look good and they should continue to improve into 2021 then.
York Ragen: Yes, I think, again, a base case guidance doesn't assume a major power outage. I think for the year, I said home standbys would be up slightly, at least that's what we modeled. That's what's embedded into our residential guidance. And the second half would look like that in terms of that guidance. So, that's how that's again, that was I mean, there's a lot of uncertainty with COVID-19. We don't know exactly the impact on consumer spending. So...
York Ragen: But when you connect the I see that have doubled, overall it's showing up slightly. There's a bit of a disconnect there partly. Maybe we're taking a conservative view on the impact on consumer spending related with COVID-19. But we also know that tends to be coupled from economic environments when power outages actually happen. So...
