York A. Ragen: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We'll begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time to time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, Mike. This is York. On the inventory side, our inventory – as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we did a very good job of rightsizing the inventory levels and working capital levels and monetize, like I said, $50 million of working capital in the quarter. So, we believe our inventories are about in line with where they need to be coming into 2016. If you're talking of field inventories, they're maybe a little bit higher than where they were at this time last year coming into the year. Activations are actually lower in the fourth quarter of 2015 versus 2014 so on a days basis, field inventory days are higher. So we've – those part of our calculus in coming up with our first quarter guidance so we think we've properly reflected that in our commentary on the outlook.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. So, we're at 3.5 times coming into 2016. Leverage may pick up just a tiny bit as a result of the deal. So, we've talked about in our prepared comments that our interest expense guidance didn't anticipate any further paydowns of term loan principal. We don't have an excess cash flow sweep requirement this year that's been satisfied by past prepayments of term loan. So, when you talk about capital allocation, then you start thinking about M&A and share buyback before anything else then. So, those are the priorities of capital that we've been talking through since we've been public and I think we demonstrated that last year and will continue to.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. This is York. So, I'd say probably a little over – I mean, if you're talking about consolidated sales, when we do about $1.3 billion in sales, I'd say maybe a little over 10% was tied to the rental side and that's both domestically and internationally. So, you've got our former Magnum and MAC businesses, which is our Mobile Products business in North America and then you've got our Tower Light business, which is our Mobile Products business in Europe. So, when you look at those businesses and you bounce it off to total sales, it's about 10%. And so, when you think about that business, that rental channel is very much tied into oil and gas either directly or indirectly. When you have a direct exposure to oil and gas, when you're renting equipment into the oil patches, obviously that capital or that – the utilization of that equipment is down significantly and, therefore, that's spilling over into the gen rents market because they're just not buying equipment because it's just holistically underutilized. So, when you think about our oil and gas business, I mean the direct business tied to oil and gas is probably down 45% this year so, it's major impact to our result. It was even down harder in the fourth quarter because we were shipping a lot of product in the fourth quarter last year into oil and gas applications...
York A. Ragen: In Q4 of 2014. So, 2015 though was a tough year for oil and gas. It's going to continue to be a tough year for oil and gas. We project probably oil and gas will be down another 35%, 40% in 2016 over 2015 as well, so that's all reflected in our guidance.
York A. Ragen: I mean, what we did say in the commentary is first quarter would be in that $270 million to $280 million range, which would obviously result in being down year-over-year what has reported inorganically. So, I mean we didn't give that level of detail in terms of the acquisition. I guess the acquisitions probably have – maybe the best way to answer it is it's probably similar seasonality in terms of how it would model out.
York A. Ragen: But being on C&I business, the Pramac business, it's a little bit more consistent seasonally as opposed to the resi business that's more back-end...
York A. Ragen: Yeah. But Pramac's type of C&I business is more – maybe probably more equal – more level loaded throughout the year.
York A. Ragen: Good clarification. That was more just oil gas. Now, there are some spillover in the gen rents, but in terms of the number that I was quoting, that's 35% to 40%.
York A. Ragen: That was more the direct exposure to oil and gas. But you could argue that rental number, at least the domestic rental number that I was quoting, could have some spillover to gen rents.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. I can get you the pieces there, Jeff, because there are a lot of moving parts. So, if you look at the pieces, gross margin, we did talk about it in the comments, so that would be up about, call it, 175 basis points to 200 basis points. A large part of that is cost tailwinds. So starting to realize the lower level of commodities where we're at, starting to realize the strength in U.S. dollar from our global sourcing, continued efforts on our sourcing – strategic global sourcing team and our new product introduction teams to take costs out, continue to work on logistics and freight costs. We all saw – I think, if you recall throughout 2015, more particularly the first half, we talked a lot about some excess cost of goods sold variances with West Coast port, some things like that. That won't repeat. So, when you think of the cost side, a large part of that, 175 basis point to 200 basis point improvement is going to be on the cost side. And then partially offsetting that is to the tune of 75 bps is the impact of the combined Pramac and CHP acquisitions rolling in. So, that would probably be relative to Pramac being more of a C&I business. They have seen a good C&I margin. It's just that relative to our average, that would take our overall average gross margins down. Those are probably the two biggest pieces. Mix, mix actually is probably – just organic mix is a small impact. Price is a small impact. So costs, tailwinds and then the impact from Pramac and CHP would offset that. And then on the OpEx side, if you're talking like all the way down to EBITDA, Pramac and CHP do have a higher OpEx infrastructure. So, on average, that would probably increase OpEx as a percentage of sales by maybe 100 bps. And then the rest is really just reduced leverage on fixed SG&A on the lower organic sales base. So you put that – and so OpEx, we expect to be about, as a percentage of sales, up 250 bps. And then, that's how you get to EBITDA being down roughly 50 bps overall year-over-year.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: We have an agreement in place that allows for us to acquire the remaining 35% over a period of time based on not necessarily performance of the business, but based on a series of different things that could occur. So, not to get into too much detail, but it does allow for that and that is the anticipated end game.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. Gross margins are very similar to our industrial products. I mean, I think what that business has is quite a bit more op expense as a result of having a pretty far reach globally. So they've got – to support a global footprint, just takes more OpEx. So, the EBITDA margins are lower – on the lower end than what we would see historically so or traditionally. So, there's some opportunities there to realize, as we said in the prepared remarks, some pretty nice cost synergies. This puts us in a very good position to explore that with our component suppliers of major components or those types of products. We also intend to better leverage the OpEx of Pramac through the combination of two companies and some of the cross-selling synergies that we talked about should help us do that. We think that there's an opportunity here to double the EBITDA margin of the business over a period of time. So that's kind of our – that's our goal as we kind of laid out our plan here, and has been pretty consistent with other acquisitions that we've done so we feel pretty comfortable that that's a reasonable thing to achieve.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: And then, Mike, to answer your question on some of the initiatives that we're focused on in home standby and kind of what we saw as successes or lack thereof in 2015. I would say that the PowerPlay application, the infomercial that we continue to run, the marketing that we're doing in those categories are, I think, having a pretty notable impact on offsetting the really weak power outage environment. I mean, it's amazing to me that we sit here today more than several years removed after any major events, three seasons without a hurricane, without any kind of major outage events, and yet, we're still activating home standby generators at a rate that if you'd told me that five years ago where we'd be today versus where we'd probably should be if we weren't taking into consideration our historical perspective on a lack of outages. We're doing – we feel really good about it and I think we can directly point to things like the expansion of PowerPlay as an example. We expanded that program. That is our in-home selling solution system. That has been very well received by our distribution. We continue to focus on training elements for distribution on not only how to use that app and how to better sell and close sales, but also on the installation side of the equation where we think there's still a pretty good opportunity to make these products more affordable. With close rates, specifically to your question, close rates remain fairly constant year-over-year. We were hoping to see a little bit more of an increase. But I think the reality is setting in that – in an environment like we've got, the backdrop of no outages, it gets tougher every year that goes by when you have that to convince homeowners that this is the product that they need for themselves. So, we're selling against kind of a market that's not necessarily buying and I think we're doing a reasonably good job, as I said in my prepared remarks. I think that home standby activations and shipments have been remarkably resilient in my eye versus the historical backdrop and where the last kind of low outage environment was back in 2010.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. So, Jeff, we're not going to quantify the cost synergy number quite yet. We've got a lot of work to do on that front to get oriented around where we think – we know there's some good opportunity there; we just – we're not going to put a number on it quite yet today. As that develops and becomes I think something we have a better line of sight to, we'll be more comfortable talking to that in these quarters ahead. As far as the footprint geographically and where the sales are, as we said in the prepared remarks, we sell over 150 countries, but there's no country – there's no single country that exceeds 15% and, frankly, the rest of them are all below 10%. So, as you can imagine, I mean, there's a fairer concentration of sales in Europe because that's – it's an Italian company and that's where a good part of their sales are. But they've got factories worldwide. They've got factories in Europe, in Italy and Spain but also a factory in Brazil and also a factory in China. And there are 14 sales branches located across the globe; some of those in Europe, but a lot of them outside of Europe So, we're really pleased that this gives us – for us to try and build this organically would really be difficult, but it would take a long time. It's taken Pramac since 1966 to get to this point. I think they've done a remarkable job as a family-owned business kind of expanding into other parts of the globe here. And we're going to be able to take some of the things that we do really well, some of the things that they do really well and the combination of that is going to put us in a very good position in terms of becoming a major player globally for power gen. We were already a major player in North America, but this elevates our game to a whole new level globally.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. And, Jeff, we played this game I don't know many years, right? We've tried to take a reasonable approach to guidance and say, of course, outages at some point will revert to the mean so we issued guidance in that respect over the last several years. This year, given the low backdrop and just what really transpired over the last several years, we said, look, we're not going to anticipate outages increase. So, I think if we return to the normal baseline, they'll go up. If we get a major event, they'll go up. To put quantification around that, I'm not going to do that at this stage. I think it's fair to say though that I think one of the really interesting things here is that a lot of the things that we've been working on in the residential standby market are all new since Sandy. So, the infomercial of PowerPlay, the further expansion of our dealer base, the training that we've done, the tools that we've given them, the focus on installation cost, these are all relatively new initiatives. And what I'm excited about is the fact that activations have remained fairly resilient in a kind of poor outage environment. And we haven't really pressure tested all these new initiatives in a return to the normal or even beyond normal outage environment. So, I think it could be something that is going to be very interesting to see how it plays out. I know it will go up. A question of how far depends on the location of where the outages occur, the frequency, duration of those outages. I mean, there's so many factors. I think we just took the prudent approach this year of kind of saying we weren't going to offer that up.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Oh, I am sorry. The dealer count, roughly flat year-over-year which for us I think we wanted to grow. We always want to grow dealer count. But I won't say we're disappointed because when you have outages down year-over-year, something like – I think we were down 38% in outage activity year-over-year, severity as we track it, we have to remain neutral on the dealer count. We felt pretty good about that at the end of the day.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I mean for us, for the year, Chip, as we said, Latin America was actually pretty flat as the way it ended out. It started out the year with a little bit more bigger than that, in particular, because we're so exposed to Mexico as the peso devalued through the back half of the year and kind of accelerated here in the fourth quarter. It's been a bit softer more towards the back half of the year in terms of trajectory. Europe for us, which up until the Pramac acquisition, is really – we're talking about our Tower Light entity which we've renamed Generac Mobile Products part of the tradename impairment that we talked about this morning actually in terms of our branding strategy. But Europe for us is – they actually did quite well. They had a good year despite of really exciting kind of currency headwinds all year long. So it was a – we were pretty pleased with the performance of that business. It's actually great business. It's run really well and that we're really looking forward to combining that business more aggressively with the Pramac entity and I think there's a lot of opportunities with the combination of those two businesses, not only in Europe but also in some of the other areas that Tower Light serves, which Africa was a decent market for us. The Middle East was up year-over-year for that business so – and that was offset by some weakness in Russia and some further weakness in – we actually have some products that we sell into the Australia and New Zealand markets which continue to kind of – the air continues to kind of come out of that with mining. So, those products are used almost directly in the mining and energy businesses in those parts of the world.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. We're working on a number of initiatives to target exactly that because we think there's a great opportunity. We've done a number of sensitivity studies to understand the elasticity of demand around lower price point. We know kind of what we're targeting there and we've got a number of initiatives. We basically started a lot of those initiatives in 2015. A lot of that resulted in a great deal of research around how to bring that TCO down, that total cost of ownership down. It's been tracking in a relatively kind of tight range. Some of that due to the product mix and we've introduced some higher kW nodes, which kind of – when you look, you kind of have to peel the covers back. And we're not going to give too much detail on the call here, but we think there's some really good opportunities within that to reduce that. It's really going to come from two areas. The first is what we've – through all the research we've done, we've gone out on hundreds and hundreds of installs alongside dealers to understand just the best practices that exist in installing these products. I mean, it's remarkable the variation between two dealers in a local market to – on a relatively similar dwelling, on a similar style unit, similar style installation how varied the time it takes to do the installation can be. And so we're trying to understand why does dealer A – why can they do it in 50% of the time that dealer B can do it? And so taking those best practices, using our buying power to make sure that we're allowing dealers to buy all the materials they need for the installation, getting the benefit of our scale as opposed to buying a one-off from their local distributor or wholesaler, that's another part of that, is providing that scale and being able to extend that to them. And then lastly, what you'll see in 2016 is some pretty important product level changes on the home standby product that make it easier to install. So, a lot of the learnings that we took from 2015 are being applied to new product introduction. We have a new product coming out in third quarter of this year that's aimed directly at that. So it's our legacy, our flagship product line that has a number of improvements and a number of enhancements to make the unit easier to install. So, there's a lot of focus on that right now. We anticipate that that focus should have a material impact on the TCO over the next several years. So, it's a long slog. You got to put the training in place and you got to put the product changes in place. And there's also some bigger things hanging out there that we continue to work on that we think could have an impact on that even further out. So, we're pretty excited about that because I think it's probably one of the ripe areas for us to help us increase – continue to increase penetration in these products.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. It's a great question, Jerry. As you pointed out with Magnum, it took us a couple of years, two to three years, before we really kind of getting the full impact run rate of the benefit of those cost synergies. As managers of the business, we always want to be optimistic about how quickly we can move with respect to synergies, but the real – the reality of it always ends up being that it's a lot more complicated than that. And as you know, I mean these are – we're going to be making some pretty big decisions, some meaningful decisions and long-term decisions about supply chain partnerships, both on the engine side but also there's some of the other major components like alternators that – where we don't produce alternators today above 500 kilowatts. There's going to be decisions made around that. And also the rationalization, if you will, of manufacturing footprint, how do we best leverage our combined footprints. It doesn't really – frankly, probably doesn't make sense to have two plants in Brazil. It probably doesn't make sense because we have one already. So, there's decisions like that that will get made this year, right, throughout 2016 and it's early, right? It's only February. I expect to start to see some of that as we get into 2017, but really accelerating probably realistically towards the back half of 2017 and into 2018. So, I think it's just the reality of everything from the time it takes to put those relationships together to do the design work. A lot of time, there's a lot of design work involved to work through the inventory lag, introduce the products, get market acceptance. It takes a long time, longer than we'd all like it to take. So, we're going to be realistic about that. It's partly why we're not calling out like a distinct synergy number today because we just need to have a better line of sight to how that's going to play out. We have thoughts around it. And then, in terms of cross-selling opportunities. I mean, when you look at Pramac's product line, it looks very, very similar to our product line, right? For the most part, it's an industrial generator company. It's got a small portable generator business, a residential business as we would refer to it here. And then it's got this kind of small legacy material handling business, really hand pallet trucks, electric and manual, that is just a small part of the business. So, it's primarily an industrial generator company. And I would say that in terms of cross-selling synergies, I mean what we're really excited about there is their products are very well suited to emerging markets, markets where continuous duty and prime operation are the norm versus an emergency duty or standby application as we would see here in North America. So, in other words, the products' engineered to a, I would say probably a more heavy-duty spec which is needed in those countries and that's something that we think for our efforts to expand distribution outside of U.S. and Canada, we have to really take our existing standby product and try and up-sell it as a prime and continuous product. And that's sometimes a misapplication, sometimes not, depends on what the ultimate end game is. But we think that the Pramac product, in many of those areas, is a much better fit. So, we're excited about that. And then, I think the more important thing is Pramac – it's all-diesel products. So, the real get here is, as we've seen in North America, natural gas power generation has been expanding at a growth rate greater than diesel products have been expanding over the last 20 years. We expect that trend to be something that emerges around the globe as natural gas becomes the de facto fuel for countries across the world. And we think that having the distribution footprint through Pramac and allowing us to take those natural gas gensets into that distribution footprint is a really good thing as that trend emerges. Now, it's going to take time. It's a long-term trend. It took a long time here in the U.S. But we think that we're very well positioned with this acquisition to be in the right places that we need to be to sell those products as those markets mature.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Our seasonal patterns are very much driven by – as a company, very much driven by the residential side of the business.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: So that's why you see the margin expansion that we have in second half versus first half as well is because of that mix.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I think that that's the big difference here, right? I mean, Brian, a lot of our back-halfedness, if you want to – if I can make up a word there, is really we demonstrated that over the last several years. When you look at our residential products, as we said, I mean they're – it's a seasonal category and seasonal shipments of those products is just stronger in second half than in the first half. And that's really what drives that bus in terms of just overall impact on our 2H versus 1H top line.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I mean, we obviously – we have a lot of conversations with national account customers and we've served that group of customers for a long time. And they are very important in their views, obviously, in terms of the way the market buys and the kind of cadence at which they buy, right? And so, that's one of the reasons why we've called out certainly in Q1 not all the (01:01:25) impact and kind of the pullback in oil prices, but also some of the early guidance issued by some of our national account customers around CapEx spending. We're also seeing a bit of a similar type of – not to get off topic, but a little bit of a similar trend with large national account customers in telecom space as well. So, I think it just – what it feels like is a little bit of a slow start to the year in terms of industrial CapEx, whether you're talking about rental CapEx or other industrial CapEx. I think back to your more direct question, Stanley, about the rental side, it's interesting because we get a pretty good look at the book of business that is on national accounts and there are some differences there, depending on geographically where they're located, but also depending on their level of exposure to oil and gas. So, some of the national accounts were more exposed to oil and gas and are more exposed geographically, so the spillover effect of the oil and gas having a bigger impact on certain national accounts where they have bigger footprint in those areas of the country where domestic energy production occurs versus other national accounts who maybe don't have that similar geographic exposure nor the oil and gas exposure. So, it's contemplated in our guidance that it would ramp into the back half of the year on the rental side so that's really the takeaway, I think, from your question. But there's a lot of kind of puts and takes and we're going to watch very closely as the year develops here. The highway bill is interesting. We finally have a highway bill. Non-res construction has found kind of a level footing here. So we like where that is; it's just a question of how much impact does the spillover from oil and gas have on the general rents business in terms of utilization rates, in terms of resale rates on equipment that is currently on auction. Those things are getting impacted in a very negative way right now and so, there's going to have to be some stabilization of those things before we probably see growth. The one immutable truth in all this, this is just a cycle and usually there's a catalyst to make the cycle occur. In this case, it was oil and gas. But the cycle always does come to an end and move up. Fleets do age and they do need to eventually acquire new equipment. We are positioned very well with – on the lighting tower side down to the generator side and we're becoming a growing player in the dewatering pump product lines as well. So, we really like where we're headed there. And then the heating products that added last year with MAC, obviously. We like our product offering.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. So, the competitive landscape there is – it looks a lot like our competitive landscape on the industrial side. So Caterpillar and Cummins. You've got some of the larger Indian genset manufacturers that sell on a global basis. There's a couple of other European manufacturers that sell on a global basis. So, the competitive set is very similar to what we would see for Generac's industrial products. So, there's really no major surprises there. I think we get to go a little bit further in being toe to toe with them in terms of our scale and our ability to compete more globally with those guys. In terms of trend in the business, the Pramac business, they performed well. They were coming out of a pretty tough economic situation back in 2011 and 2012. The business ran at round on some of the things that they were working on in the alternative energy space. So, unfortunately, they kind of wrapped up in some of the financial difficulties of solar and wind and some of those alternative energy plays that put the company in a very difficult position and it had to go through basically a restructuring. And so, sales dipped down to a pretty low level back in 2011, 2012 and it's been growing kind of back – it's returning back to kind of the pre-restructuring levels, if you wanted to use the term, in more recent periods here. So, performance has been very strong.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to our first quarter 2016 earnings release, which we anticipate will be sometime in late April. With that, we'll conclude the call this morning. Thank you for joining us.
