York A. Ragen: Thank you very much. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2014 earnings call. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We’ll begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today’s call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliations to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
York A. Ragen: Jeff it’s York. So C&I grew 23.8%, I think another way to answer your question. Our organic growth was 6%. So, and about 18% then was roughly acquisition driven.
York A. Ragen: Yes, yes.Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America:  But, I was talking for the remaining three quarters of the year.
York A. Ragen: The remaining three, because that’s a full year, so for the remaining three quarters of the year I guess we have to look at that.Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America:  Okay. I mean what was your...
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Hey, Jeff, this is your kind of first part, that the $100 million and the $40 million what you’re referring to is our previous statements, where that the headwind that we talked about that as we came into 2013 as a result of Superstorm Sandy, there was extended lead times, we ramped a production to satisfy those lead times, that’s a quantifiable number. It was, in total, for the first half 2013, it was $140 million, $100 million in the first quarter, $40 million in the second quarter. So that, that is playing out, because it’s a quantifiable number.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: So, if you take out this extended lead time concept from the first quarter 2013, if you carve that out, which was a piece of that, a large piece of that $100 million that recording, the vast majority of that $100 million that recording in the release related to that extended lead time benefit in the first quarter 2013. You carve that out Ross, and we’re actually please that we were actually flat with home standby year-over-year...Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America:  The harsh winter I mean...
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: When you exclude, again when you exclude that headwind that we just talked about, we expect it to relatively – there will be revenue growth overall...
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. So we’ve obviously got a little bit better view now into some things outside the U.S. and Canada through those entities. I think I’ll speak to Latin America first. I think Latin America, I think, maybe has underperformed to just broader expectations in terms of the economies down there, based on not only some of the geopolitical things going on, the political environment in some of those countries, but even in Mexico where Ottomotores is the leader in the commercial industrial market there. Mexico in particular went through an administration change last year and continues to be a little bit slow to let loose some of the spending through the new government there. And so, that’s I think delayed a little bit of what we would have expected to this point with Ottomotores. We’re doing a lot of good things in that business to get the foundation ready for growth. The business, as we had mentioned previously, was fairly neglected in terms of investment over the years through the previous owner. And so we had quite a bit of work to do down there and it’s been quite a learning experience for us and we’ve been on a pretty steep learning curve from the last year just culturally as well as just doing a lot of work with that business and that team down there to understand the markets in Mexico and Latin America and how they operate, transact and what we need to do to optimize our arrangement in our operations there. I would say that in Brazil where we also have an operation through the Ottomotores acquisition, I think personally for us, we’ve seen some little bit probably brighter skies there simply because we’ve resourced a little more heavily on sales and marketing and done some things there that I think are going to help us longer term. I don’t know if they’re indicative of the broader Brazilian economy. I think everything there would also indicate continued slowness, but I think we’re outperforming a bit there. Our feeling is, we’re going to outperform there based on what we’ve done to resource that. Now, it’s on a very small base. So don’t get overly excited. And then over in Europe, with Tower Light, I think we saw better economy in the UK and we saw continued weakness in boarder Europe, I think it is how we would place kind of our view points through the rental markets in particular that we serve, that would really be the best viewpoints that we would have. There was a significant amount of – kind of weather-related issues, even though the broader economy in UK feels better, they had a very damp spring, winter spring, very wet, especially in southern UK, southern England. And so in terms of job sites and rentals, little more challenging environment there in southern Europe and southern England then and we anticipate that it will be for the rest of the year. So we like that company though and where its headed, a lot of good things going on, Tower Light as well is a well run company and we’re trying to figure out how we can extend their product platform and extend their importance to their customers in the rental markets through kind of some synergies, product synergies that we can bring to them through here.Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: That’s our view on it. I mean there’s a couple of key things, I think that underpin that secular shift to renting versus buying. One is, I think coming out of the economic slowdown here over the last several years, many of the smaller construction firms – they found that during those downturn, they had a significant mismatch of, they owned the equipment, they had a note from the bank against the equipment but they had no revenue to utilize the equipment. So in those instances, rental would have been much more beneficial to them and in a lot of cases either that equipment was repossessed or returned or sold off which created kind of a further dampening effect on those markets several years ago especially like 2009 right before our ownership of that business in the preceding years, which were more difficult. But, so I think the ability to kind of better match expenses with revenues for those smaller construction companies is a big plus on rental. The other thing is access to capital, that’s been more challenging for small businesses, maybe starting to loosen up a bit here over the last 6 month to 12 months, but traditionally I mean those small businesses could go to their local lenders and get a loan and buy the equipment. The ability to do that has been dramatically reduced over the last several years, that coming out of the downturn. So access to capital and then I think matching of revenues to expenses is the primary mover there. But what we’ve seen is the rental companies really capitalize on this shift and in particular, I mean we serve all the major rental accounts through the Magnum business and somewhat through the Baldor business, and they have continued to refine their model. They’re very focused on equipment utilization, but they’re focused on providing customers much more than just an equipment rental. They provide them with the service level for refueling, they provide them often times with in particular, in the case of long-term rentals, they provide them with maintenance agreement so they take care of the equipment. So basically, you can think of it, and we mentioned as if you think about the oil and gas markets in particular, where our light tower, per say, they use light towers in these drill sites where they don’t have primary power available, there is no utility power. So, and so there is no lighting. And so they operate some of these drill sites operate 24/7 or throughout in Canada, where daylight is shorter during the winter months, like towers are very prevalent. And so what you’ll find though is they will go out on long-term rental agreements and essentially what the rental company is renting is just the light. They are not really, the sites says, hey, we need this much light or this much power on a site, the rental company provides the equipment to do that, and then all the services behind it from refueling the maintenance to keep the equipment up. And so that’s really the model, they’ve refined it quite a bit, and I think that it’s again, I think it’s a reason why we see that long-term secular trend taking hold, and why we like the fact that we’re in good position to benefit from that going forward with the Magnum business and the Baldor business.Christopher D. Glynn – Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thanks, guys.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. So, are you speaking more in terms of cost synergies, Charlie, or product synergies, revenue synergies?Charles D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Well, I guess I’m probably speaking of both.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it’s really, it’s both, Charles. I mean it’s both geography and as we’ve called out a number of times and I mean I think when we look at things like Tower Light, you look at things like Magnum, some of the other products that they come with those acquisitions that are, I wouldn’t – they are not generators, but they’re engine powered equipment. We view those spaces as right spaces, so if you look at our pipeline, which we don’t give discrete comments on, but if you look at that pipeline, it would have a mix in there of engine powered equipment companies that would have a mix of other generator through generator companies in other geographies or other engine powered companies in other geographies. So I would say this, that we’ve been working very hard on that M&A pipeline over the last four years, and I think we have – not everything is actionable, it’s right, it’s about timing in a lot of cases and good asset spreads in certain businesses and industries, but at the end of the day, we think we got a lot of opportunities there. So your comment that it’s lower on the priority standpoint. Again we’re as we said just kind of stepping through that. The first priority for use of cash is to grow the business organically. When you kind of have kind of margins we got, we want to put as much capital against that as we can, but that’s you kind of get. There is a bit of point of diminishing returns there just in terms of bandwidth your ability to execute.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: So CapEx only about 2% of sales, when you look at our working capital needs on every dollar of sales. As we grow, it’s about 20%, so it doesn’t eat up a lot of cash that way and paying down debt, which is our second priority. We said that we kind of like where we are at right now. The liability structure we built is very cost effective. In fact, in our prepared remarks, our borrowing costs stepped down another 25 basis points here beginning in Q2 because we’re sub three times on our leverage ratio. So that’s a nice little feature that makes the debt structure even more attractive, so we are sub three times on leverage. We don’t see borrowing cost dramatically increasing. If interest rates went up dramatically, we would probably focus little more heavily on debt pay down, but in the meantime we kind of get our sight set on M&A and organic growth, so that’s really where we’re focused.Charles D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks very much, Aaron.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it’s a great question and it’s been a huge area of focus for us over the first quarter and here into April, and we started to make announcements in assigning different territories to distribution through a combination of our existing Generac dealers as well as the addition of a couple of Baldor dealers into that and some new dealers. Those are things that – that’s coming on very well. It’s not complete yet. I like where we’re at in the cycle. I mean, what happens when you do that in some of the markets where we’ve got changes that are occurring. Because you have a long sale cycle in C&I products, bringing in new dealer up to speed is something that takes a while. So it’s a little bit of a – you got to take a step backward to take two steps forward, market-to-market, but at the end of the day, we’re going to end up with a much stronger distribution position overall than we had before the Baldor acquisition. And that’s I think the important thing I would say, this is the second thing that we’ve done there is we created a much stronger second tier of distribution than we had before. So what we’ve just been talking about is the primary care distribution for C&I. There is now a formalized second tier of distribution, we have a specific program, we call it GAIN. It’s a Generac authorized industrial network. We’re going to take and create a secondary distribution network, a secondary level of distribution that will take, I would say, what we referred to as kind of smaller dealers who want to have access to industrial product, because they have – they see opportunities in their local markets that perhaps the primary dealer doesn’t, but they will work with the primary distribution in the market. It’ll be at a set price and there’ll be programs to not only promote that, but also to make that work from a program element standpoint. So that’s brand new for us. That didn’t exist before, that second layer of distribution. We’re pretty excited, because actually what it’s taken is, it’s taken some of our larger residential dealers who want to kind of grow into becoming broader generator dealers and be a little more inclusive of broadening their product line to include C&I, and allow them access to that product where they didn’t have access before. So that’s kind of an interesting new development for us that was a result of this combination of the industrial dealer networks. We felt that they were some really good dealers that came out of that combination, but that maybe we’re not, where you had multiple dealers in a region and it didn’t make sense to just say good bye to two or three of those dealers and made sense to put a program together to support them and that’s effectively a pretty significant change for us in terms of distribution philosophy going forward.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I mean, it’s a great question, John. Again, we had a pretty good cadence on dealer adds, on a net basis between 300 dealers and 400 dealers every year the last year. That was actually above – we’re about that last year. I don’t have the exact number in front of me, but it was something 500 to 550, I think. 550 dealers, we added last year. Now, obviously that’s seasonal as well, right. So, that does the cadence of distribution adds or dealer adds on a net basis somewhat follows our residential sales pattern seasonally. So Q1 was more challenging there, but we’re still holding to back into that normal cadence of between 300 net dealers and 400 net dealers on an annual basis. So, we would expect that to pick up in the remaining quarters here throughout 2014. And again I think we have by far the largest distribution network in this category and you would expect that from the 70% plus market share leader, in fact our market share is crapped up a bit here in Q1, so we think we’re doing well to continue to not only hold on to our share and it’s things like distribution ads and it’s things like new products and some of the things we talked about, but again it’s distribution is an enormous part of that strategy and an enormous part of our success here over the last decade in terms of building this business.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Great. Thank very much for joining us this morning. We look forward to talking to you again on our second quarter earnings call, which should be sometime in late July of this year. Thanks, and have a good day.
