Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Tommy, it’s – I mean, that’s obviously the central question here and has been a topic as we’ve discussed over the last several quarters. You’re right, we said, I think somewhere in the 1.4 to 1.5 times range is where we were last time we talked in April. Today, we believe that number is closer to 1.2 to 1.3 times as we exit – as we exited the first half. And with the assumption of a softer consumer spending environment in particular around kind of residential investment, these types of projects, home improvement projects, we’re really looking at a more moderated close rate. It’s interesting because we actually are seeing a lot of inbound activity in terms of sales leads. They’re just not – the close rate on those leads is not growing at the rate that we thought it would, and that’s really the kind of the – and then it just becomes a maths [ph] problem from there. We’re just not going to drain the inventory as quickly because we’re not going to convert those leads to activations at the rate that we thought we would here in the second half and that is – that’s going to create basically a situation where that elevated field inventory is going to persist a bit longer than we had originally thought. So through – really kind of through the year here, it’ll start to taper off and there’s definitely and I think you’ve done this with channel checks, we do our own channel checks and we know what field inventory looks like really with a high degree of accuracy region to region and dealer to dealer, wholesaler to wholesaler, retailer to retailer. And so we see regions where actually there isn’t a field inventory issue anymore. And we see other regions where field inventories are still higher than normal. So it’s become more of a mixed bag, if you will around the field inventory story. Whereas I would say you wind the clock back two or three quarters, it was – two or three quarters ago, it was everywhere. So the field was full of inventory in all regions. So now we’re starting to see some of that normalization be achieved in certain regions and in fact go beyond that. We’ve got a couple of regions you get up into Canada, in the Quebec markets where in particular where they’ve had a number of outages and we can’t get them enough product, they don’t have the installation bandwidth. So we get back to that issue and that’s obviously another area we’ve been focused on. So hopefully that gets the answer to your question
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Mike. There are a lot of moving pieces, as you said, and when you think about the sell in versus sellout, again, we’re channel to channel, when we look at kind of the different metrics that we look at in every channel, we see some different things going on channel to channel. We do see our dealer channels, which are more turnkey project channels feel like they’re in and then the metrics bear this out that they’re in better shape than some of the other channels. So when we look at our wholesale channels and in particular our retail channels, retail would be is lagging for us right now. So when we look at – when we look through – at sell through at retail and we look at the – kind of the food traffic at retailers and I think you guys have those on the call here have heard some of the more recent commentary from some of the larger retailers. I think the food traffic has slowed and we are definitely seeing that in our residential product categories that we sell through retail. With maybe the notable exception being ecobee as we called out – in our prepared remarks this morning, which is interesting. And that really is probably more owed to higher energy prices and the opportunity to use those ecobee products to reduce your energy costs. But on the – the moving pieces that are in this and kind of thinking about the pacing, if that’s more your question, Mike, what we see here is as the kind of fog clears of this field inventory issue, we think that the dealers are kind of first to recover here, followed by – likely by wholesale. And then we’ve got a little bit further to go with retailers. The ones that are probably at the – when we talk about normalization at 1.2 to 1.3 times is across everything, right? So – and we sell kind of on an omnichannel basis, so dealers are better than that. Wholesalers are probably somewhere maybe a little worse than that and retailers are quite a bit worse than that at this stage. We do believe this will start to normalize here as we go throughout the third quarter. And as we get into the fourth quarter in particular, we should start to see that abate. The end market demand part of your question is interesting, because as we said, sales leads IHCs remain strong. In fact, they were even up sequentially from Q1 and they’ve – they’re just not converting quite at the same level. Now, what we’re not sure of at this point is if that conversion is just delayed or if that conversion is more the result primarily of the consumer just saying they’re not going to buy at all, right? Are they just not going to buy today or they’re not going to buy at all? And so as we continue to work on that, we’ve stood up an entire group here, we call it, our nurturing team for lack of a better terminology, but these are a team of dedicated salespeople that reach back out to unclosed leads. We’ve got quite a house file that we’ve built here of unclosed leads. The number of leads we’ve generated over the last several years is tremendous. And as you can imagine, a high percentage don’t close. So the opportunity to reengage with those homeowners at the right time with perhaps the right offer is growing. And we think that that represents an area of opportunity for us and one that we’re leaning into. But that’s something that – we’re still kind of in development phase on. I would tell you it’s not – we haven’t perfected it yet, but we’re doing a ton of work around that to see how we can continue to stimulate demand in particular around those customers that have already gone through the in-home consultation process. So I don’t know if I’m getting to the heart of your question or not, but we see end market demand as strong at least at this point. The awareness is strong. We need to see conversion improve to help us accelerate the clearing of the field inventory levels, but we are making good progress there. It’s just not as quickly as we had hoped.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Sure, Jeff. That is surprise to us as well. Although, as we look at – I would say kind of maybe comparable industries, where you’ve got bigger ticket types of home improvement projects, pools, patios, furniture, things of that nature. We’re maybe not seeing, I think you’re hearing commentary, but we’re all not seeing maybe the consumer step up to the same level that we all expected. And that I think is indicative of perhaps, just the work that the federal reserve is doing here to tamp down inflation with higher rates. I think it’s starting to bite in some of these areas in particular on these bigger ticket type of purchases. So that – for the home, anything tied to residential investment. I would tell you that, we did see, to get to the point that we’ve made in the past and that you’re making here, we thought that close rates previously had come down, because of the long lead times in the product, which we believed were kind of at the root of that. They bounced off the bottom kind of Q1 of 2022 and improved nicely sequentially up until this quarter. And this quarter, they kind of flattened out and where basically our guidance here contemplates that they don’t go up any further this year. That’s really the – that’s the change, right? We had – our previous guidance had contemplated that close rates would continue to improve, albeit not dramatically so, as we said on the last call, it’s going to take some time to return to those pre-COVID close rates. But the feedback from the channel around close rates is that homeowners are, they’re struggling to, again, with bigger ticket types of purchases and they’re just – they’re taking more time to think through that. And so we just think that that phase of the project, and again, I think the good news is we’ve got a sales lead, even if it didn’t close, we have the opportunity to re-engage with that customer and friction in the past, when we look at re-engagement, our close rates are better if we choose the right time to reengage, right, i.e., if another outage moves through a local market and our team engages with all those unclosed IHCs, those unclosed opportunities in that market, perhaps over the last 12, 24, even 36 months, we see a much higher close rate the second time around. So it’s kind of like the friction is lower because that process of the in-home sales consultation has already been – has already taken place. And so that just leads to an easier time to get to closure at least historically. So we’re going to – and that’s really where we’re putting a lot of our efforts here in the second half of this year is into that nurturing effort that I talked about before to really work on how do we get more unclosed IHCs to closure.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Kashy. So, yes, we haven’t disclosed the kind of gap between sell in and sell out. So but it – we are significantly under shipping the market here – market demand here in the first half as we work through that field inventory. And that really is the pull down and guidance here on the residential side as a result of that.
Aaron Jagdfeld: We know we’re under shipping the market pretty dramatically at this point. So – and that’s why we think that we’re going to continue to grow here sequentially through the year because that field inventory drag will reduce as we get to the back half of the year. So again, haven’t put a fine number on it just kind of from a disclosure standpoint, but we definitely see that. And then on C&I, I think the question, it was a little broken up for us, sorry about that. But I think the question was just kind of about the sustainability of C&I and what we’re seeing there. I think as we said kind of in our remarks, obviously, we’re starting to come up against tougher comps, right? We’ve been – the C&I business has been very strong for a long time. It was another great quarter for our C&I business. Some of our national account customers, in particular, on the rental side, we’re starting to see some moderation of those order patterns here. But what we’ve heard from the – largely from our large rental customers is that utilization rates and equipment are still doing quite well. They’re holding in there. That said, I think proactively a couple of those larger customers have cut their CapEx guidance for the year. We’re pretty well locked and loaded for this year in terms of orders just in terms of our backlog. So we’re not expecting much to change there. The question will be 2024. Is that – does that roll over? Or does it – is there a significant change to that. We don’t have great visibility into that yet and wouldn’t be in a position to provide that guidance. On the telecom side, as we talked in the last call, and we mentioned in our prepared remarks this morning, our large national telecom customers, that demand tends to be – we’ve referred to it sometimes in the past is lumpy. I think we used the term on even this morning. But from quarter-to-quarter, it can accelerate and decelerate quite quickly, which would seem surprising, but I think because they – the way they manage projects and certain things can come and go in terms of their CapEx spending capabilities, it can be turned on very quickly and turned off very quickly. And so we’ve seen some of that kind of manifest itself here and was expected in the second half of the year. So nothing unexpected there, but I think the long-term setup when we talk to all the telecom customers is we’re in kind of a multiyear up cycle for telecom spending. We think just near term kind of unevenness in the way that CapEx is going to be deployed. But they have a lot of hardening to do with their networks here yet over the next several years. So we think that’s a run that’s going to be – it’s going to continue. And then I would tell you that within our core C&I products domestically and globally, in particular, where our products are now being deployed for what we refer to as beyond standby applications. So a generator could be used to be called upon at times of stress for the grid, right? So you’ve got very high temperature extremes or low temperature extremes or other points in the curve where the grid is under duress, the generator can be called into action by perhaps a local utility or grid operator and can – that power then can be flowed into the grid for support. And that is – those products are becoming much more popular. In fact, we’ve had a really good run there. We think we’re in the early innings of the use of these products. And really, what it is, is it allows customers who would otherwise be looking at a generator strictly from a – when you look at it from an economic standpoint, it’s about risk mitigation, either loss of revenue, loss of inventory, loss of process, something like that. You have to weigh that against the initial capital cost of the equipment and the ongoing maintenance of the equipment over its life. You can now essentially buy down that first piece cost, which has always been a barrier to ownership for the category by allowing for that product to be used in these beyond standby applications, and thereby monetizing that asset in a way that didn’t exist previously. So we think that as the grid continues to transition, that these assets that we’re formerly stranded basically, right? They were not connected to the grid necessarily only connected to – for emergency backup purposes for a property that they can be monetized in a way they couldn’t before. And that’s I think, an exciting opportunity for us, and we’re seeing more of that manifest itself here in the C&I markets.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks for the question, George. Actually, we do have – when we talk about price, you probably need to talk about net price, but the promotion dollars end up down in kind of operating expense in some cases. So – it’s not really just from an accounting – a technical accounting standpoint, it’s not always price. But we are using more promotion than we used maybe a year ago, certainly more than two years or three years ago.
Aaron Jagdfeld: And that is included in the guidance. So I think to maybe put a finer point on it, those teams that we’ve unleashed here on our unclosed IHC file continue to work on different types of promotional activities. We’re doing a lot of testing around what works, what doesn’t work. We’ve run some national promos. We ran one earlier this year, and we’ll have one on our schedule here at some point later this year. So that’s – those things are certainly included in the guidance. There’s a question, of course, do we need to do more? I think at this point, we believe we’ve got the right level in there to support the close rates that we’ve built into the most recent guidance. At some level, you just – you can’t promote perhaps to your way to a consumer that if the consumer is going to be stubborn and it’s going to be painful for them to spend because they’re concerned about, obviously, a lot of things around inflation around their employment status. I mean there’s so many things that go into that. that make up why and when a consumer feels confident to do that. Certainly, power outages and historically for us, softer consumer environments, we generally have been able to break away from when you get outages. And so that still exists here as an opportunity. Our guidance contemplates kind of a normal outage environment. And we have been experiencing kind of above normal outage activity here through – at least through the – late in the second quarter, we saw that tick up and actually July in and of itself has been somewhat active as well. So continue to watch that and see what impact that will have on close rates. But we do have a level of promotion in our guidance around trying to improve close rates for the balance of the year.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Yes. Thanks, Donovan. So obviously, the regulatory environment continues to change, an outright ban on small engines in California, you’re spot on with that. California is pushing ahead with that. I think that like all kind of regulatory actions, sometimes there are unintended consequences of that, whether they be – maybe advanced purchases, maybe pull in of demand around that. We’re not seeing anything today for people who are loading up on, kind of internal combustion engine driven chore or generator products. Just to be clear, by the way, it’s – it would only impact this – the portable generators and chore products, home standby is not a part of that ban at this point. So just to be clear and you’re right, it’s a smaller part of our business. I mean, we did call out chore this time because frankly, they had a terrible second quarter and terrible first half. Very much in line with the residential portions of many of the other public companies that serve that market. I will say, it’s part of our strategy there that the strategy behind the Mean Green acquisition is those are electrified zero turn radius commercial mowing piece of equipment. And we have seen a dramatic rise in interest around those products but they’re expensive. And so conversion is more difficult. Now, the IRA that Inflation Reduction Act has provided for some subsidy for those products. And we have – we expect that will be clarified through treasury year over the back half of this year which will certainly help. We are the leader in that commercial segment when it comes to electrified commercial mowers. And that is going to be an exciting part of the business to watch. And we’re electrifying the rest of our chore products platform using the technology that we acquired with Mean Green as again, part of what we’re the brush cutting platforms and things that are so important to us there in chore products are being electrified as well. So we think we’ll be prepared as these bans take place. The one in California, certainly as you said, end of this year and we’ll have to see how it plays out. California also has on top of the federal subsidies, some state level subsidies for the purchase of those types of products to incentivize the switch from internal combustion engine driven products to electrified products. So we’ll continue to watch that portable generators different type of category, right? And this is where I think the unintended consequences of regulation, which if you have a multi-day outage, you’re just – you can’t buy a battery to get you through that, sorry, to California regulators. They’re not thinking that through. They should have left open products that are used for emergency use. And in their infinite wisdom, they probably will create waivers when they run into problems like they’ve done in the past for other areas of the market. They have these strict regulations and then they waive them when there are emergencies. And I wouldn’t be surprised to see the same happen here. There’s – generating power is different than storing power. That’s all there is to it. That said, we do have storage products, portable storage products that we’re introducing in the marketplace that are good for temporary short duration outages – outage protection but they also are expensive relative to the cost of internal combustion engine driven generators, which again, for emergency use, like those products are used primarily those that is the most cost effective way to serve the market. And unfortunately, those types of regulations only hurt the part of the market that it has less flexibility with their pocketbook and their checkbook around buying a product during an emergency. So that’s unfortunate and hopefully regulators will use their heads and clear heads of prevail there if emergencies do present as we believe will be the case long term here, as the grid in particular in California goes through a transition.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks for the question. So internationally, today, it’s mainly a C&I market for us. And internationally we’ve done very well. Our Pramac subsidiary very well respected brand, very well run company covers our geographies really outside the U.S. and Canada for us. And they, I mean, they’ve been on a tear and they continue to gain market share. The EBITDA margin profile of that company has improved dramatically over the course of our ownership here which I think spans now something on the order of eight years – eight, nine years, something like that. And so we continue to make really good progress there. And we’re actually getting quite a good benefit out of our global scale with C&I products here, even domestically. So the ability to consolidate purchases on engine platforms, some of the alternator platforms, and obviously the ability to use our Deep Sea controls across our global platforms and get the gain the benefit of scale there as well. That said, that market internationally, as I said, is primarily C&I, and it’s primarily diesel. So diesel powered generators are still at least outside the U.S. and Canada, the primary kind of legacy solution for emergency backup. And those products, in fact, I would say like in the U.S., natural gas backup power represents for C&I anyway, about 40% of the market here with about 60% diesel. Outside the U.S. and Canada, it’s more like 98% diesel, 2% gas. So the opportunity that exists is to introduce gas products, of which we’re the leader globally in, introduce those gas products into new regions and into the hands of new customers that we believe could benefit from connecting those products to natural gas pipelines as opposed to reliant on diesel refueling. There are benefits there far beyond just the continuity of fuel supply but also the emissions profile of those products and gas is tends to be cleaner than that of diesel, and so you see some real benefits there. You see customers who are now focused more on that. Regionally, we’ve really focused here, I would say in the last few years on India in particular, through an acquisition of a company called Captiva. Pramac acquired Captiva several years ago, and we continued to invest heavily in that market, and we’re seeing very nice growth albeit off of a small base, but very nice growth there. That’s an area that we’re going to continue to focus on. I think we mentioned Australia, another great opportunity for us. The Middle East has been a great market in terms of growth. On the home standby side, if you look at residential sales, we actually have an interesting level of HSB that we’re shipping into all parts of the world, which is really interesting. You see this in our activation data; we can see exactly where products are being installed and it’s just overshadowed by two things: one, by the size of the HSP business here in North America; but two, the growth rates of C&I internationally have just kind of been so good. You just, we haven’t talked a lot about the kind of growing HSB base that’s underneath all of that; but it is growing. We’ve introduced – we just introduced a product and HSB product in India, and that is getting some nice traction already. We’re continuing to introduce those products. Again, we’ve now got products that are compliant with very strict gas codes in Australia. And so we’re really kind of – when we say we’re the only kind of company that serves Australia, that’s true because the gas codes are very strict there. None of our competitors are able to meet the strict code requirements in Australia, and we see that as a wide open market and opportunities for good growth. And then the Latin American markets, which represent a, we believe a really good opportunity for us getting good penetration in places like Argentina, even places like Brazil, where we’re seeing the product really get – start to get the awareness levels start to increase. That’s really what we have to focus on. We’re kind of back to the early days of HSB back in North America, if you wind the clock back. So we got a lot of work to do, but we are seeing pockets of that. I don’t think it will be anything that will kind of contribute meaningfully to our international segment results here in the near-term. But longer term, we believe the gas product, gas C&I products and HSB products, we see higher growth rates for those products than we do for the traditional C&I products.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean we haven’t – we haven’t talked about field inventories at that level of granularity. But I think I may have mentioned in my response to a previous question that we are seeing evidence where there are regions, certainly pockets locally where field inventories are at normal levels or frankly, are quite a bit below what we might say would be normal because of elevated activity. So Canada has been a really interesting market here as of late with a lot of outage activity. And we see field inventories in Canada quite low versus other areas of the country. We see some other areas of the country particularly like the Midwest, is another area. Michigan is just a state that continues to get pummeled by both summer weather and winter weather. And this is – the interesting thing is, I think there’s a misconception somehow that our best home standby markets are in Gulf Coast states or areas where you’re more prone to hurricanes. And that, of course those kinds of demand drivers, of course are important for the category, but actually where we see greatest kind of penetration rates and growth rates are in those states that have kind of two seasons of weather, both winter and summer have other kind of factors that play into an elevated level of outages, and Michigan is just one of those areas. I’d say it has a lot of outages caused by different extremities of weather, but also the grid is mainly above ground in Michigan. It’s older. It was built around the automotive industry, so it was built out over 100 years ago. It’s underinvested in, in a more significant way than in other areas because it’s much more fragmented. There are many more independent grid operators in the state of Michigan than you would imagine. And so the grid doesn’t kind of heal itself well when you do run it outages and there’s a lot of trees in Michigan. So trees are part of the equation with outages. So we put all of that together and some of the states that we see the best growth and the best penetration are in states like Michigan, states like Maine. We see Ohio, Pennsylvania, those types of areas are actually very strong in the context of our growth rate. So again, as you would expect, where we’re seeing stronger rates of growth those are the areas that are getting to normalization of field inventory quicker. And that’s – again, without providing more detail, that’s how I would give you some context around the question.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks Blake. We have seen the demographic over time as the category has grown. The category used to skew much older when you kind of wind the clock back. And over time, as it’s broadened out, we have seen the average age of buyers come down, but it still indexes to an older demographic people who have – and home ownership tends to skew that direction as well. And yes, they may, in fact, be somewhat more resilient if you will, to changes in the economy, but I think nonetheless they also – inflation does impact people that are on a fixed income, perhaps even more. Like you can make an argument that perhaps a portion of that segment is maybe a little more vulnerable to certainly trends in inflation. We haven’t seen – yes I wouldn’t say like from this point last year to this year, we haven’t seen any major shift in the demographic underpinning kind of the buyers of the category at this point. We’ll continue to watch that as the – as time goes on here, certainly this year and into the future. But I think right now, what we’re just – what we’re seeing is that more broadly, the consumer spending environment around home improvement is softening, right? And I think that we’re getting a little bit caught up in that. And that’s what I think is impacting. Again, close rates aren’t dropping. I think that’s an important point here. They’re just not growing back to the levels that we saw pre-pandemic. We do think they’ll get back there eventually, but they’ve kind of flattened out here. So I think the challenge is that we thought they would continue to grow, and that’s the – perhaps the new piece of information this morning.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks. It was – that category of product for us, well documented. We entered that market, had some struggles. We had a lot of growth. We had a lot of success early on, hit kind of our challenges with the loss of a major customer last Q3 and then some of the product quality challenges with the SnapRS device is really the product that we talked about here. We are going through our – we’re on a next-generation road map for our battery solutions. – our storage solutions. I’m very excited about that product. We’re going to talk more about that in our upcoming Investor Day. We’re going to talk about some of those products. We won’t be able to get too granular there because we don’t want to tip our hat maybe to some of our competitors in the market, but we have some really exciting things. We’ve been – as we said on the call kind of in the prepared remarks, we’re investing very heavily to 400 basis point drag on EBITDA margin right now, which is challenging, of course, especially as the residential business is going through a cycle here that becomes even more challenging to stomach. But we’re very excited about the future of those products. The market, in general, as you’re indicating, and as we’ve seen from other participants in the market is a tougher market right now than it has been. Again, higher interest rates being probably at the root cause of that and then maybe more recently, the NEM 3.0 decision in California specifically, those two things are weighing on kind of solar and storage, solar plus storage demand here and are reflected kind of in our updated guidance this morning, we have been targeting a $300 million to $350 million range for those – that portfolio of products for the year. We now are thinking we’re going to come in on the low end of that range. Primarily because of the softening dynamics, demand dynamics that are going on that we’re seeing in the industry. But we still are very optimistic long term, and that’s why we’re spending heavily against this opportunity. We think that we know that it’s going to take a different level of investment to become proficient and excellent in these products. We now know that after going through our experience. And we are dedicated to doing that. And we’re going to see those results. You should see some of those products, as we’ll talk in September, really going to start hitting in 2024, and we’re pretty excited about the future there without getting too specific.
York Ragen: Yes, I think the key is, seasonally – we do expect the home standby category to pick up in the second half of the year versus the first half, especially as inventory begins to normalize towards the – throughout the second half. I think it’s to Aaron’s point though, it’s just – maybe it’s not going to improve as much as we thought relative to three months ago, because of the software consumer that we’re seeing.
York Ragen: Yes, on the margin side, yes, in terms of the EBITDA percent guidance down. On the gross margin side, it’s all mixed. So there’s no pricing reduction assumptions in our guide, so it’s all mixed. And then when you get to OpEx, there’s a little bit of operating de-leverage on the lower sales. So that’s a smaller piece of the puzzle, but there’s no reduction in price in our guidance.
York Ragen: Yes, yes, a couple things. I know I did mention in my prepared comments that Q4 – exit rate Q4 EBITDA margins are expected to be in that, that low 20% range. So we expect, obviously, things to pick up from here, especially as home standby shipments normalize. I guess, if you think about that previous Investor Day target for 2024, I know that our Energy Technology business things are just taking a little bit longer than maybe we originally laid out back in 2021 – September of 2021 for that business. This is more of a reset year for our Clean Energy business, and it’ll grow from here. So I think we’re going to level set what those, I guess, revised expectations are going to look like on September 27 when we have our Investor Day next month – September 27 next month. And I think we’ll be able to give clear updated targets for the long-term at that point. But I guess those are some data points that you can use for now.
York Ragen: And we can see field inventory coming down in all of our data, so we know we’re under shipping the market.
York Ragen: This is York. Yes. No, the promotions that we’re talking about, again, we run promotion in the ordinary course when we’re not in backlog and just again to drive awareness of the category and help get homeowners over the tipping point to make – to go ahead and make the purchase of a home standby generator. So I wouldn’t say it’s – I would say it’s a modest impact to margins overall. Again, these are our highest margin products. So you sort of – as you sell more of these products, you mix you get a significant mix benefit, which sort of overshadow whatever promotion we may be offering. So I think that’s the key there. And what promotion we do have layered into the guidance is not a significant part of the story or a significant impact to our margins. I think when you think about the cadence of EBITDA margins over – from first half to second half, I think just mixing – getting a higher level of home standby shipments out the door, that will have a significant impact. The additional operating leverage on our fixed SG&A will have a big impact. And then we’re just going to continue to realize improved input costs as we sort of work through our inventory levels, and we’ll start seeing the realization of lower commodities and logistics costs and so – that’s really what’s going to drive the sequential improvement in EBITDA margins for first half, second half. And promotions will only have a slight drag relative to that performance.
