Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. It's a great question, Tom. And this is an acquisition that -- and it's a small company. It's another startup that we've added into our mix here of start-up companies that we've been acquiring. But we're really excited about Enbala. Enbala has -- and the name Enbala, it means literally, energy balance. So that's the connotation of the company's name. And it is an awesome team of people from the utility industry and people that are familiar with that industry, who have come through different start-ups and things in the past. But it's really aimed squarely at the idea of taking and leveraging not only our existing assets that we have in place like generally. We have over 2 million home standby generators on the ground as an example. And it represents just a pretty massive number in terms of megawatts available -- really, gigawatts available for potential use. Today, those generators sit largely unused, right? So, I mean, they operate when called upon, a couple of times a year, maybe, for a few hours a year, or longer depending on the region. But by and large, that becomes a somewhat underutilized asset. And we believe that Enbala, their platform -- it's a software company, so it's a technology play, that software platform can allow for the -- what they refer to in their lingo as enrolling an asset, like a generator or one of our power cell storage systems or even a load management device, enrolling that in their platform and allowing them to aggregate those assets and those systems for use by utilities or other grid operators. And the effective need there, the need case is really around places where you see grid power being augmented very heavily with renewables. So as you bring a lot of renewables into the supply side of the equation, you increased volatility. The variability of those renewables by their very nature, they're more volatile power sources than, say, a traditional combined cycle power plant. And as a result, grid operators have to deal with that. And they have to deal with the potential for the wind dropping off or as we saw West this summer, high heat, creating a situation where demand spiked and they also had some cloudier days than they were predicting. And so, less solar production to satisfy that demand. So the ability to turn on an add or augment to the grid, these kind of distributed or decentralized assets to help balance out those parts of the grid that required it, is a really exciting area that's going to grow rapidly in the years ahead. In particular, as renewable mandates mature, many states, if not all, states, have some level of a renewable mandate, some percentage, high percentage of total power generation to come from renewables in future years. And so we see Enbala really enabling us to take the next logical step. Today, we've been – we're really a legacy equipment manufacturer and really a generator manufacturer and tomorrow, we see ourselves as much more of an energy technology solutions provider. And Enbala, I think, is a really key piece of technology and the talent that we acquired there is a really key piece of enabling us to step forward.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Well, the Q3 revenue was up dramatically. In fact, orders, we just look at home standby orders. They were about 2.5 times greater than they were the year before. So now – I mean, it was massive. I mean we've never seen anything like that. And it's obviously, as we talked in the prepared remarks, we've got quite a backlog that we ended the quarter with, and that's only continued to grow here in Q4. And we've been hitting record outputs in our production environment in spite of all the headwinds there with component challenges and manning challenges and everything around the pandemic that is making that difficult. We're achieving record outputs in Q4 here, we've actually brought some additional capacity online and another factory here in Wisconsin. I also mentioned in the prepared remarks this morning, we're in sight for our selection process for another facility, another permanent facility, really a full second site that will not quite double production for these products, but will increase production dramatically for home standby, probably coming online sometime mid next year and then obviously needing to ramp throughout the back half of the year. But that backlog is going to be at just eye-popping numbers here. Now the good news is this, I mean, their home improvement projects. So our experience historically is the demand is pretty sticky. Once we – an order comes in, a dealer takes a down payment or we start the process of getting permits and the dealer can also do some site type of preparatory work ahead of having to actually put the generator down, so there can be some trenching. There can be – the transfer switch might be able to be installed ahead of time. So we can keep the project moving. But lead times for these products are extended right now and probably will remain so for the foreseeable future.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. That's exactly it, Jed. And in fact, if you go back to – the best thing I can point people to would be kind of after Hurricane Sandy. There were a couple of big storms, Sandy being the culmination of that, in 2011 and 2012 out in the Northeast grew our dealer base, grew our backlog. We exited 2012 with a massive backlog – at the time what we thought was a massive number. It will look small compared to wherever we land here with the backlog when we end the year. But it really did kind of – I don't want to say disrupt, but it disrupted the normal seasonality, the seasonal rhythms of the business when it comes to home standby. Normally, we would see, a cadence would be Q1 is typically the lowest quarter of the year for that category. Generally, it's more difficult to install during the colder winter months. And you just see demand kind of fall off. Weather patterns generally aren't as aggressive. It's not hurricane season, that kind of stuff. But because the backlog is going to be high, Q1 will be a bit more dependent on what kind of weather. If we have a really brutal winter, that may create a situation where they just can't get product installed until the ground thaws. But remember, we have a lot of demand that we're seeing in parts of the Southeast and South central regions and out West, where you really don't have a problem necessarily doing installations during the kind of January through March months. So you're absolutely right, though. It's going to really distort the normal seasonality in that business.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean, it's super exciting, Jed, and I think it's really early innings in this game. The idea of taking an asset which here to or has really been viewed as it's basically insurance, right? I mean you buy a home standby generator because we want to protect your home, protect your family, from power outages. And so the decision for – in the residential market, in particular, has largely been -- I don't want to say it's all emotional, but there's not much of an ROI that you can ascribe to those products, right? I mean, you can say, okay, I won't throw away a freezer full of meat or food or I might not to stay a couple of nights in a hotel, and you might be able to -- maybe I get a break on my homeowners insurance policy because I have a home standby generator, which are programs that are gaining acceptance. But you'd be hard-pressed to kind of create a payback model there that works beyond anything that is really just peace of mind, right? I mean that's really what those products are. Going forward, though, and kind of what your question is leaning into, is the fact that I think these products can be sold in a different way. And really, we look to how we're selling our power cell, energy storage systems, right? The energy storage system, we went into that thinking it was more about the ROI and less about resiliency. And what we found actually is that, it's really all about resiliency and some about ROI. So we think that there's an opportunity. We think the resiliency is going to be a big theme, no matter what. Whether you're talking about battery storage or whether you're talking about generators. It's really going to -- it's going to depend on the use case and if you live in areas where longer duration outages are going to happen, a generator is probably still going to be the best play for you. But the idea of being able to monetize that generator further, I'd love to give you a crisp answer on here's exactly what we're thinking of. We're thinking it could be a PPA-type arrangement. The generator maybe its owned and operated by a third-party and the homeowner pays a monthly and gets a credit on their power bill, something like that. The truth of the matter is, I think it's going to take a lot of different formats. We're currently engaged with a number of utility companies, a number of grid operators, a number of kind of strategic partners that we're talking to about what should that model look like. And I think it will become clearer as the market develops and they're going to become clearer as maybe the incentive structures develop but I don't have like a solid -- this is exactly how you should think about monetizing that. I think as we get into 2021 and we do some guidance there, clearly, around the Enbala piece, that -- again, the revenues there are software related.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Exactly. And it's an enabler for us. And so as that enabler takes root, I think we'll probably have much crisper ideas and thoughts around how we intend to monetize it. What I like though, just largely, I think it gives us a platform on which to just sell more equipment based solely on the fact that it moves the product category, that being the legacy home standby category from this peace of mind insurance product to one that could be monetized further for the benefit of the homeowners either reduce their energy costs or somehow participate in a program -- a virtual power plant type of program.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, let me -- I'll deal with the first part of the question, Phil, and I'll let York kind of tackle the second part as it relates to how the seasonality, again, we've been talking about the distorted seasonality, I think, given some of the some of the things that are going on right now. But on the site selection, we're evaluating a number of sites. We have most of our manufacturing base here in the U.S. is in Wisconsin. We have six factories here. We love the State of Wisconsin. Our customers, though, as we develop the home standby markets and our storage markets, they're out west, they're further down south. So, we're looking at -- we're evaluating Wisconsin in the mix, of course. But frankly, I would think that where you're probably likely to see something is if you think anything from Northern Texas across to the Carolinas, we're kind of evaluating through there just really -- just based primarily on reduced logistics cost and timelines. We should have a decision finalized here, I would say, in the next 30 to 60 days, we want to negotiate with locally to make sure we've got the right understanding of local codes and things. I mean, obviously, that always comes into play when you're manufacturing. So, we're picking a site though that can move for speed. Speed is the critical element here. We want to have this facility up and operating by midyear next year and really fully ramped by the end of next year at the latest. We've already put down orders for all the machine tooling and things that are going to go into this longer lead-time type of things that we know we're going to need to equip this factory. So we've got that on order. We just don't know where it's going to go. So we haven't given them a shipping address yet, but that's kind of the -- how we're thinking about capacity. And then again, you mentioned it's like a 70% to 80% increase overall in the production capabilities or ultimate capacity products. And then York…
Aaron Jagdfeld: And we're running towards that kind of 1.15 [ph] number or whatever the previous guidance, and I think that was our previous guidance. So I mean, to do that in a year and then have the runway that with our new product pipeline that I'm looking at, I am really excited. I mean, our teams have been working tirelessly here. Russ Minick, who heads up that business for us, has been really driving the team, doing a nice job, bringing these start-ups together. And then you put Enbala as a mix there, going forward, and just really positive on longer term where we're going…
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, September was our first month of profit in that business. And Q4 is going to be nicely profitable for us as well. And we anticipate accelerating off of that as we kind of laid out previously.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So it's a great question, Mark. And the way our business works, we have these – we have obviously some pronounced seasonality spikes in demand that can happen from time to time. This – what we're seeing right now is abnormal to anything we've ever seen. But if you think about – the way we think about sizing a factory and the way we think about this new site, we really wanted to give ourselves. So we think about utilization being in that kind of max. You get above 80% to 85% utilization in the facility, and you start to run the risk of equipment shutdowns and other things, and you run a lot of overtime generally when you're up in those levels. So we're kind of sizing it, thinking around that 80% number in terms of utilization between the two sites that we would have. The $70 million to $80 million that we called out as an increase is – it's a function on the one end of using that 80% utilization assumption. But then it's also a function of saying, 'Hey, seasonally, we know that our incoming demand can spike upwards of – could be 52, in this case, a lot more than that. But let's say, on average, 50% higher at certain peak points. So we wanted to size the facility to give ourselves some room that even if we were operating at that 80% effective utilization rate, that we would have the ability once demand returns to normal patterns. That's kind of the assumption underpinning all this, by the way, if it doesn't, we'll be talking about a third facility we'll have to add, right? So – but assuming it returns to more normal levels in the future, along the lines of what our long-range plan kind of indicated, we would give – the new factory would give us basically some expansion capacity or between the two facilities, depending on how we want to balance it out, it would give us some expansion capacity to take those seasonal demand increases. If you see a hurricane or an ice storm or a power shutoff, a safety shutoff out in California, something like that. So that's how we're sizing it, and that's how we're thinking about it going forward.
Aaron Jagdfeld: They're really small. Especially, well, Mean Green seasonally, they don't have – they're mowing companies.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. The C&I business, actually, the stationary C&I business, kind of our legacy C&I business is actually decent. It was better than we thought it was going to be in the quarter. But mobile just continues to be a struggle for us, the mobile equipment sector. And from everything we've seen in the marketplace and talking to our customer base, I think we're pretty much in line with everybody else. I don't think it's a generic specific issue. It's an industry-wide issue on fleet utilization rates and just capital spending pullback by the large nationals. We're eagerly watching them to understand kind of their guidance for next year on spending. We're having conversations with them right now. I would tell you, I mean, just me, this is Aaron's thoughts around this. But my -- based on everything that I've seen, if it's a recovery next year, it's a back half of next year recovery, in my opinion, and I don't know, I just -- there could be -- maybe that can accelerate if there's some magical stimulus thing that hits around infrastructure earlier. But I don't hold out a lot of hope. So we've been talking about stimulus for a long time here, and we just can't even get -- seem to get – get everybody's head on straight with getting that done. It needs to get done. And when it does eventually get done, we're going to be in a really good spot for that. But until that happens, I just think that – I think 2021 will be a recovery year, but I think it's probably – I just -- I'm handicapping, it's more back half of the year than the front half.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. It's a great question, Ross. There's two angles on pricing that I would address. One is the normal seasonal discounting cadences that we would have -- we haven't had to do it, right? So in effect, by doing less discounting, we're getting more price. I mean that's kind of how I view price. I still think price as I think about home standby, that idea of affordability is still a really important thing there. And so the second piece of pricing. So first is less discounting, which effectively gets us a little bit better pricing position. The second part, though, is we continue to introduce products that help us raise the ASP, which is effectively what we did with the 24-kilowatt machine that we introduced earlier this year. Oddly enough, the way it works out for the homeowner, it's actually a little bit better deal on a per KW basis. So at a retail price point, they actually -- when it's fully installed because the installation really doesn't cost more. So they actually get a better deal in terms of just on a per kilowatt basis. And we get a better deal on an ASP per unit basis. So in effect, I think we have taken some pricing there through new product introduction and less discounting. But as we kind of put together our 2021 plan, we always talk about pricing. We look -- really, what we look at is what are the cost headwinds that we might be facing next year. So as those become maybe a little bit more known, I think, rather than say we will or won't take pricing at this point in the game I think I'll probably reserve those comments for kind of the 2021 guide once we put all that together.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. I think that's the unique thing about this business, Ross, and I've seen this over my career here is that when you get events, whether it be an ice storm in Oklahoma or whether it's an outage in Utah, you're right. I mean, like Salt Lake City doesn't get a lot of outages. And so those areas of the country, you'll see distribution kind of fill in after an event, right? So initially, the initial surge of demand is generally satisfied by people who are maybe in our database as dealers. They maybe are contractors buying through -- could be through retail or online or perhaps electrical wholesale types of entities. And that's why the omnichannel distribution strategy is so important in this category, because I mean the dealer channel is absolutely -- and in my opinion, the best way to acquire this product, if you're a homeowner, you want a turnkey solution. The dealer can take care of it from the beginning of the process, all the way through and make that as pain-free as possible, as you possibly can, make a home improvement project. But you're right. I mean, the fill in that has to happen in the areas of the country where we haven't had these types of events. And we're going through that curve right now. It's a maturity curve. We're going through in California. We're adding a lot of distribution out there. It's an area of the country that's not -- they're not as familiar with the product category, the familiarity, the challenges run not just from finding good representation in the market and then onboarding the representation, there's actually a full education process all the way through the value stream, going back to the -- the permits, right? I mean you might have to talk to an inspector who has ever written a permit for a generator before. And so, they have questions about the product, they have questions about the placement of the product, the operation of the product, and as you can imagine, that's an education process, a learning curve for everybody involved. The friction gets reduced over time as people get more familiar and as we fill in with more dealers. But, generally, there's quite a bit of friction on the front end to get these markets started. So, I think, what's great about us is we've got a lot of learning cycles here. We've been through this a lot. In terms of investment, we continue to invest in things like training in our PowerPlay selling platform, which is really critical, especially for new dealers coming onboard, to give them a ready-made sales process and put that in their hands, it makes them that much more successful out of the gate, which gets them really engaged with the category and with us, which is just a good thing for all of us long term. So we're going to make -- we're going to continue to make those investments at elevated levels. We're going to continue to put marketing dollars in the regions that we haven't. We've never advertised in Utah before. But we've got infomercials running in Salt Lake City today. In Iowa, in Illinois, in Oklahoma, we will be on the air probably in the next couple of weeks. California, we're blitzing the California markets with a lot of media right now. And so, it's the development of those markets. Market development, and this is -- not to belabor the point, because we're getting long-winded here, but the idea of going in and creating a market versus simply going into an existing market and fighting for share are two completely different things for a business, I think, to deal with. Creating a market, you have to burn a lot more calories with distribution and brand awareness, category awareness, all those things that we just talked about, that is hard work. It's really -- it's quite missionary and it really pays off over the long run. And we're going to see the need to do that in a lot of these markets, as you pointed out.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. So on the attachment rate, Jeff, we think that the attachment rate -- first of all, it's completely blown past, I think, all the expectations, right, in terms of -- it was coming from something like high mid -- high singles to 10% last year to almost 30% this year, it's approaching 30% now. So it surprised, I think, everybody in the market with the -- and a lot of that, I think, underpinning that back to what I was talking about before, the resiliency element is driving, I think, that attachment rate a lot quicker, the need, and that's really, I think, indicative of the power outage environment, the elevated power outage environment that we're in, in particular, in states like California, where we have a lot of solar going in and already installed. So, where it could go long-term? There have been some projections out there that say, a 50% attachment rate maybe long-term. We've got some customers that are over 60% and approaching 70%. Some of our solar channel partners are already at that level because they're operating in certain states or regions where maybe net metering is reducing in terms of the impact. So, in order to get the right ROI on a solar install, you've got to add a battery, right? So, it's kind of coming at it from both the resiliency side and in some markets, the necessity side economically to make the math work. So, it could -- where it could go, I think 50% is probably an easy target long-term. As far as the retrofit market, you're going to hear from us again, this robust product pipeline that I've been talking about. We've got some cool things coming really think next year around -- that are aimed a little bit more cleanly at that retro market. We think it is a decent market. There's a couple of million rooftops out there that have solar on them already. And if attachment rates on new solar are approaching 30%, then existing should be an opportunity as well. So, we don't want to ignore that. There are some technical things that we can get there, we can do it today, but there's some new product offerings coming next year that will reduce the complexity technically to making that happen and make it easier to retrofit a system.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. No, it's something we're thinking about it at a very high level, even in our boardroom. Obviously, we're talking about these things in terms of -- and what we've kind of what we've kind of -- the words we're using are, are we at a tipping point? Are we at a tipping point for the category, right? So, we're approaching, as we said, probably about 5% penetration of single-family households, single-family unattached homes greater than $100,000 in value. That's the total addressable market. It's 53 million homes or something like that. That 5% of that number is where the market will be at the end of the year. That still means 95% of the homes don't have it. And when you look at the things that have transpired this year, and you think about -- let's just think about home-as-a-sanctuary of that trend and what the pandemic has done. I think the pandemic, as a lot of companies are pointing out, has accelerated some of the long-standing trends that were already happening, things like telecommuting. I mean we've been talking about telecommuting for decades, right? So a way to cut down on having to drive to work and the amount of time you spending your car. And the technology today is far greater in its capabilities to allow for some of the things that have happened. In fact, I can't even imagine. Like if we had had this pandemic 10 years ago, 5 years ago, just how much more difficult it would have been for society in general, to deal with the idea of being kind of mandated to stay in your home. Today, you can work from home. Your Kids can learn from home. I was on a call recently, one of our customers did a top-to-top kind of CEO forum. And on the call, it was mentioned, you think about school, as an example, here in Wisconsin, we'll have a couple of days a year where we get some heavy snow and you have a snow day. Kids love that. I love it as a kid. Going forward, kids aren't going to have snow days. They'll have virtual learning days, right? So the -- but in order to enable that, you've got to have the technology one, which is the ability to do that, and you've got a power to enable that technology. And I think the conclusion that people are reaching is that, look, my home is going to become my office, it's going to become my classroom, it's going to become my gym, it's going to become my -- where I shop, all of those things are going to happen in the home. And none of them happen without a source of power. If your power is out and look at the outages that are going on. And the more people that experience outages the more people are concluding that, look, this is not an option anymore, where it was maybe a nice to have before, and this is the tipping point, tipping point from nice to have to necessity. And that's really what we're talking about as a tipping point. So as we think about the future of the category and we think about where this is going, I think we see a future where back of power, whether it's a generator or whether that's an energy storage system, as that technology continues to develop, we think it's going to be imperative that all homes and businesses have some level of that resiliency built in going forward.
Aaron Jagdfeld: No, you're onto it, Joe. In terms of just some of the additional complexities, and that's why I hesitated to kind of talk about how we would monetize that because you do have that added complexity that is different from storage and that you've got -- you're dealing with an individual homeowner, right? I mean that's where the unit is owned and operated by the homeowner. So the programs that could be available to that homeowner, they don't -- they're not necessarily different than the programs that could be available to a third party operator. There's just a lot more individual conversations than having a conversation with say 1/3 party that might own and operate a couple of thousand megawatt hours of storage, right? So it's just -- it's a different conversation. And it's and they're numerous ones, right? There are numerous conversations. But you could – I could still find a path there that would give you a conversation to engage with a homeowner, let's say you've got a homeowner out in Florida and -- or Michigan or California doesn't really matter where it is. But if you had a utility company locally that had a need for this kind of balancing opportunity that exists with – as an example within Enbala's network and with their approach to things, and that opportunity is – that asset, I should say, is valuable to that utility company. So it might actually be just pairing the utility with that owner.
Aaron Jagdfeld: It’s just making the introduction to the utility company. Utility company could have the program. They have that homeowners information because they're providing power today. So we kind of see it probably looking more like that longer-term is a utility kind of based type of approach where the utility companies could enroll those assets using – maybe it's a volatile platform to help enable. There could be some pieces of technology that have to be put into that, too. So there's – you're talking about maybe it's not thousands of dollars, maybe a couple of hundred dollars of pieces of equipment, but again, depends on how valuable that asset is to the utility, and there are certain utilities around the U.S. that are going to find that very valuable because they have constraints and they have kind of this volatility around the supply side that they've got to deal with as renewables become a bigger percentage of their supply.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So we continue to pick up users of our PowerPlay CE platform. That's kind of how we're looking at people who are actually quoting through the platform. Today, it's about getting closer to 700 users on that platform. We think that we can be close to 1,000 by the end of the year. And so we've got a lot of work to still do with clean energy, and that's part of just kind of leaning into building out the distribution there. Also, I would just point out, as we announced previously, this partnership that we have with Senova, we're really excited about that. They've got some great dealer partners as well. So getting them up the curve, we actually began to transact here in Q3 with Sunnova, and that's going to accelerate through the back half of the year here. But we're doing a lot of training right now and introducing people to Generac the name. For those that aren't familiar with us, in the space and more specifically, our solution, our PWRcell solution and our HEMS, Home Energy Management Solutions. And that's going to be a major focal point for us going forward. Because for us to be successful here, if there's anything that we've learned but the home standby business is the importance of the points of light around distribution, and that is a critical area of focus going forward.
