York Ragen: Thanks, Gary. Good morning everyone and welcome to our first quarter 2013 earnings call. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time to time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we’ll make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today’s call. Additional information regarding these measures including a reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I’ll now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: Yeah, this is York. I mean I think there is probably some afterglow I think we’ve – when you talk about lead-times and as we ramped up production here into – in the first quarter we came into the year with lead-times elevated as a result of strong demand from Sandy it was about probably 8 to 10 weeks when we came into the year we ramped up production very quickly very efficiently, by the end of the quarter coming into second quarter probably lead-times are probably more three or four weeks and then now probably today they’re probably more in line with normal lead-times around two weeks I think as a result of that there’s probably some lead-time contraction in Q2, having said that then there is the baseline levels from a seasonality perspective that underlay that one.
York Ragen: Actually Jeff, its York. Actually I think the bigger, you are talking Q1 specifically year-over-year gross margins 70 basis point improvement. The mix actually wasn’t a huge component of that because if you remember last year at this time, we were in similar pattern, as we just come off a significant outages and we’re shipping a lot of home standby generators in Q1 of 2012 we did that in Q1 of 2013 as well. I think when you look at the cost reduction efforts that we’ve been working on where just it’s part of our culture and just we are relentless on value engineering, our strategic global sourcing group is woks tirelessly discover the globe to find the best quality lowest price components. And then, when you think about Magnum, the things that we’re working with the Magnum Group to go after cost reductions in a way in the Generac way. All those things are what’s happening behind the scenes to dive the improvement in margins that we are talking about. When you talk about, I mentioned in the and actually in the release, I mentioned pricing when you are the step of volumes you don’t any promotional discounting you don’t need to do and those are the big drivers. I think commodity moderation is playing a role – a bit of a role here. But I think when you put that all together you are getting to 70 basis point improvement and that’s and that’s even in spite of the Ottomotores business for the first quarter layering on which has traditional industrial and international type margins that are layering on top of that so all good things on the margin front.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. Thanks, guys.
York Ragen: It’s a great question John and the one that we’ve been watching this very closely because obviously we want to, we want to see the impact it’s having right. So, our focus here in the first quarter of the rollout has really been around training and it’s around getting more people to use the product, getting them comfortable with it, getting them to load in there. There is quite a bit of setup actually for on the front end for this. We’ve actually rolled out a couple of iterations off the software just kind of in keeping with in terms of the – as w get feedback from dealers, as we get feedback from we’re continually monitoring kind of how the software is being used. We’ve actually rolled out just recently an updated version of power play that add some additional features to the software that we think are going to be helpful to continue to streamline the sales process. But getting at the heart of your question, one of the encouraging early returns here in this data has been the close rates are about double for those dealers using the software versus other dealers not using it and that is for us kind of the – that is what we hope to see as a continuing outcome of our investment in this and it’s been an investment. I mean, let’s say it’s a huge investment to do this. But we think it’s the right thing to streamline the sales process to make it more effective and we’re seeing that kind of an impact so it’s been, it’s been very, we’re very encouraged early on.
York Ragen: Yeah John I think for us it’s probably less about M&A in that space and it would be organically. I mean, when we look across the universe of opportunities with M&A for this thing, for that just talk Nat gas for a second. I mean, we really are the – we’re the standout leader in Nat gas gensets in North America and have been for sometime. So, acquisitions if we’re going to come in the Nat gas space for us would probably be, if we could find something that the expertise that we developed in Nat gas well that could be extendable into other products or other market opportunities that might be something we would look at. But frankly as I look out just in the near term the next few quarters to answer your question, I don’t see as much on that side. I see more about our efforts to push into the commercial application. So, light, this light commercial what we refer to a small footprint, retail type applications, bank branches, restaurants, gas stations, convenient stores those types of retail applications we think just need to be brought into the loop on and the opportunity and the return on the investment, we’ve got to learn the math for them. I mean, if most businesses can payback a power outage, they can payback the cost of this product very, very quickly with a single outage. And so, when you look at that and if we can get that message out there to businesses, we think there is a potential for quite a bit of upside jus in investing in our sales efforts, investing in our marketing efforts around Nat gas going forward.
York Ragen: Correct. Yeah, we anticipate it’s going to be basically amended (inaudible) at the existing credit facility effectively the same credit facility covenant wide upsized and with lower interest rates so and some other flexibility built in as well so anticipated to be covenant wide as well.
York Ragen: Yeah no it’s something that on the portable generators I’ll hit that one first because that’s been a market we’ve been in. It’s been almost five years now since we reentered that market. Based on the information we see, we’re the leading share from a brand perspective, a leading share player in portable generators today, as we stand. So, we think that, that’s share is somewhere in the mid 20s. Frankly it continues to move up. We get – we continue to get placement in places, we didn’t have before season to season just looking at kind of where we are at. Certainly as our comments indicated the first quarter remain strong with portable generators. We saw quite a bit of inventory replenishment and some new shelf placements that we have got over the prior year. I think as a result of our position, our strong position from an inventory perspective last season. We think that we were very well positioned to take advantage of the demand surge that that (occur) to those products. So, we feel very good about portables and what we have done now as we translated that and as my comments indicted we translate that into this position of power washers. Now on power washers Jerry, we are still, we are still single-digit share. So, we’re not diluting anybody. We’ve got some very strong players in that market but we like our approach from an innovation standpoint. We like our approach from a value orientation standpoint the positioning of our brand as a brand that is a, that stands for something in this space in terms of being rugged, in terms of being durable all of those power washers are made in the U.S. so we’re promoting that quite heavily that is different than some of the other competitors, who are out there so we think that there is, there is a play to be had in terms of positioning ourselves as those products being manufactured here in the U.S. And so we like our position, we like long-term prospects. We think that, that kind of double-digit low to mid double-digit margin – market share is very achievable here in the next few years plus in that space.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I mean it’s a great question Chris. The penetration rates we’ve always been amazed when you look at penetration rates and we look at kind of a – we spread the sales if you will for homes standby generators across a wide range of demographics each group’s home values. What we see is the very even distribution so first of all just to clarify the penetration rate we say now is little less than 3% and that just to remind everybody the addressable market as we define it is single family unattached housing stock in the U.S. greater than a $100,000 in value so we really – well some of these products probably end up on homes less than a $100,000 in value the majority of them are greater than that. And when you look at specifically to answer your question tranches like the 100 to 200K range what we find is actually a pretty even distribution certainly further up the home price gets as a percentage of that homes value the investment in homes standby generator become smaller. So obviously it becomes an easier project to undertake from a financial standpoint for homes of greater value not just the general statement but that being said what we see is in particular in areas of the country we have older housing stock which is in the Northeast, some areas in the Midwest where you have demographically speaking we have older customers who have been in this homes for a long time. The home value themselves are not that great in fact when you look at it there is actually a pretty even spread homes under $300,000 represent a little less than half of the total installed base and that’s probably a little bit of a dated figure about a year or two old but and about a half of it is over $300,000 so just to give you some perspective in terms of how that breaks out.
Unidentified Company Representative: It – we haven’t broken out specifically but it was the vast majority of the year-over-year growth that 21% year-over-year growth for C&I the vast majority of that was Ottomotores, we did see a positive organic growth on the Generac side but Ottomotores has made up the vast majority of that 21%.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Just in general what do you’re seeing in the commercial around attitudes on commercial generators on the East Coast just given the level of storms and just kind of change in attitude from your kind of key customers and cellphone backup power, gas stations etcetera. And are you seeing kind of any movement on rags being put in place there.
Unidentified Company Representative: I don’t have the total store count Charley directly on hand but I – we got a – we’ve got an innovation MCAP as it referred to at Low’s in all stores. So and it’s the entire store count of Lows. We’ve got some other partners in the retail side so its, I mean, it’s in thousands of locations put it that way. I don’t have again don’t have the exact store count so I apologize for that but good receptivity on that product initially here both at the retail channel as well as consumer channel. I think pursuant to comments made by others in the Lawn & Garden market the spring has been I know here in the Upper Midwest up until really the last few days you wouldn’t want to be in outside doing anything and I think I saw it was smelling again in Minnesota yesterday. So there is parts of the country here where spring just has not arrived or is only recently arrived. So we’re actually pretty encouraged by the performance of OneWash and frankly our other consumer and power washers at this point in spite of a slow start to the spring season. So we’re hoping to see that accelerate even more here, I will say that lot of the OneWash today is placement its initial rollout into these stores so we’ll be monitoring very closely over the next 30 to 60 days as kind of a sell-through at retail and again we hope to see spring kind of arrive in parts of the country where it has yet to arrive.Charley Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. It’s fair to say that the bulk of the rollout initial placement is completed.
Unidentified Company Representative: We didn’t raise prices in our residential markets this year, we adjusted prices only slightly in our C&I markets on certain note so I think in the totality and that frankly we wouldn’t be realizing much of that yet anyway in C&I because there is a lag in terms of the court order to shift cycle so that’s something that it was a very small contributor in the quarter.Charley Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And one more, I’ll back in the queue. Your comment on the special dividend when you said up to $5 I’m just trying to understand the up two part what’s – is that continues on the size of the financing as it sound like a size of financing was pretty fixed.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, this – yeah we’ve got – similar to what we did last year, Charley we set up to at that point $10 we were looking at and then we went out and restructure that deal even though the financing was – we had a pretty good plan on what we wanted to do the high yield markets were not as receptive we kind of hit a soft patch in high yield market frankly when we launched last year and so we downsized the dividend to $6. So this year should market conditions dictate I think the important thing to note as we said last year is we really don’t have a gun to your head have to do anything I mean is this kind of an optional transaction for us that we think is not only accretive as we said even though on slight basis to our run rate EPS but it just we think it’s a great way to return capital on the evidence of free cash flow of this company to our shareholders but again if the markets tighten up for some reason if there is something in Europe or something in who knows some other parts of the world that gets people generally in terms of the debt markets to credit markets we could downsize that if we needed to there is really no need to do the transaction other than that we think it’s just a smart financial move for us.Charley Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Great. Thanks a lot.
Unidentified Company Representative: That market we’re strong but it should be out in the next week or two just a disclaimer.Charley Brady – BMO Capital Markets: Yeah. Fair enough.
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure. I think we typically don’t get too detail in those descriptions Brian but I think I can tell you just couple of high levels things. As I said I may have mentioned it in answering the previous question our dealer account is now over 5000 dealers at the end of the first quarter which is obviously a bigger number than it was I think we were at something on the order of 4800 at the end of the year. So we’ve added that’s a pretty brisk phase to continue to add distribution so you can take that as to mean there is still a high level of interest certainly at the distribution level around these products. Consumer level now that we’ve got some frankly some pretty good information coming out of us with our as I mentioned our power play application, our AMP targeted marketing process. The information flow that we’re getting is frankly it’s starting to be a tidal wave of data that we’ve had – we’ve always been a very data driven organization we’re getting even more data now at a much more granular level both geographically breakdowns of profit margins for dealers and installation cost and really that’s helping us kind of refine our marketing methods our targeted marketing approach in terms of geographically where we’re going. We see obviously in the Northeast as you indicate still a fair amount of interest in the category we just hit the six month anniversary for Sandy here beginning of the week, we think that, that interest is going to stay fairly strong throughout the next couple of quarters. As we’ve said when you get a large event like that, that afterglow as we referred to it can be anywhere from 6 to 12 months. Certainly in the Northeast there is a compounding effect with the Irene event that happened in 2011 and there is just some areas in that country that have been battered by these events and power outages have been very prevalent and have caused people to reevaluate their needs and those needs now are starting to include backup power. On top of that you got housing increasing and well new constructions not a huge part of where these products go it’s still 10% to 15% of our sales so movements up to the kinds of levels for new construction do have some kind of an impact there that’s positive. I do think my comments aside about the Northeast we’ve actually seen strength in all regions so that’s what gives us again we talk about events and we talk about the impact those events have really the impact that those events have as it gives us the opportunity to tell our story to everybody and regardless if you live in California or you live in New Jersey or you live somewhere in the Midwest or Southeast we get to tell people about the category we get to educate people, we get to invest in our infrastructure to promote the category, we get to invest in our infrastructure to market the category and I think that’s the most to me that’s the – when we talk about this new higher baseline that it couldn’t be more evidence for that and to see all of the regions performing well in this category.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well I think there is a couple of things, first of all obviously demand surged in near-term months right after the event right so through the fourth quarter we saw a very good demand through the first quarter kind of above our historical levels of demand certainly for that category and it continues here in going into the second quarter, obviously as it warms up in certain parts of the country installations become easier to do so there is a physically there is some constraints installing when the ground is frozen in certain areas trenching for gas pipe and electrical runs if that’s required in certain installation that’s tougher to do in the date of winter so installations have certainly picked up as we – as York mentioned couple of times we ramped up our production pretty aggressively in Q1 and into Q2 here we’ve gotten our lead-times down to at the end of the first quarter we were down to about three or four weeks and that’s down now back inside of normal lead-times here as we stand today. The interest level remains high and I think it will remain high as I said for the next couple of quarters the thing it run into is that the further you get away from a major event even though people may be good to consideration immediately after and they maybe good research they maybe talked to a dealer, dealers were busy, product was not as available. And so they probably put off maybe another event to trigger them to kept them over the point of purchase. Some people are lot more proactive and they will get back in the queue right way here. As season (warms up) they are going to – they will read something about the anniversary of Sandy or the experience of thunderstorm locally. It takes up power or they will hear a story about power being cut to some part of the country or and that will remind them that they remain vulnerable without a backup power system. So, again there is a lot of different factors that go into that. It’s an emotional thing for people. It’s a practical thing for certain others, who have businesses they run in other homes or medical devices they are running. But for people where it’s more of a discretionary purchase sometimes it takes a couple of outages to put them over the edge.
Unidentified Company Representative: We have Stanley, the place where we see the best traction with that and it’s – frankly it’s been a bit of where we’re seeing traction over the last several years but it’s accelerating here recently is more with the custom builders which is great because they’re looking to differentiate their product in home from large production builders with other amenities so hot tubs and generators and other granite countertops, things like that to separate themselves in terms of their product. But and so that’s the good news, the bad news is that’s very decentralize I mean custom builders are generally building in much smaller quantities of homes there is lots of them I mean you can look just in the Milwaukee market here where we’re located and there is 15 or 20 of them here and we’re – this is a fairly small market from a new construction standpoint. So you can multiply that by the top 100 to 200 DMAs around the country and there is a lot of custom builders so reaching them all with the message around this product category is where our focus life could deliver its – that’s a little bit of a slog to try to and get that built out the way we’d like to. I still continue to think that new construction is a – if we could just get some of the big production builders to get on board with instead of looking at today what we get with these guys is one-off development that they’re doing and in area the country where the power quality has been power they’ll look at that development and they’ll say okay I want to have each of the homes in this development be generator ready maybe even some of them with the generator or at least half of the option to the home owner to put one on, that’s what we’d like to do everywhere we’d like to see homes be offered up by builders as being constructed generator ready. Frankly to make a home generator ready is only a couple hundred hours it’s really – it’s about a little bit of coordination about running the gas supply to the home and the electric supply to the home to make sure they’re conveniently located to accept the generator down the road to make sure that they’re eagerly to accept a transfer switch in the home’s basement or garage or wherever the electric system is for the home. It could greatly reduce the cost of adding a generator downstream if the homes were made generator ready so that’s been our big message, we’re not trying to necessarily sell generators to builders as much as we are trying to sell them on the concept of offering homes that are generator ready.
Unidentified Company Representative: We’re getting into right now the – we’re getting in line with the season here for next spring season so with the rollout occurs generally in December, January, February timeline in terms of our production ramp-up and then placing that in market kind of February, March, April. So that those line of these are starting to heat up Stanley so we’ll be participating in those, we think there is still lot of opportunity out there, we’ve gotten a lot of traction with our washers in some of those retailers who were not on the shelf today actually if you go online for those retailers you’ll see that our washers are some of the best selling online washers that they have. So we think that, that could translate into the potential for obviously a robust discussion around placement of our products on the shelves for the next selling season in some of those retailers I don’t anticipate that they’re going to make a change from any decisions they’ve made today for this year’s selling season there wouldn’t be time to react to that but certainly we like – we like our position today on the customers that have decided to put on the shelf and we like our prospects tomorrow for those retailers that we think are very good targets for us and frankly all of those retailers we have very good relationships with portable generators and home standby so we think that, that should translate into potential opportunity for us down the line.
