Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Mike, this is Aaron. Yes, the lead times have come down now, on average, we're talking home standby category here, 8 to 10 weeks, which, again, is, I think, directly the result of our actions in increasing production and was always part of the plan, as we've talked.  What we're really encouraged by and what continues to pace ahead of kind of expectations here is the front-end kind of lead generation, the end market. I think there are a couple of catalysts there that we can point to that, I think, are probably at work.  The first would be the summer season here has come with it a number of high-profile kind of warnings, if you will, from utilities and grid operators about the potential for outages on shortfalls in supply, I mean, just raw supply not being enough to meet demand. So that's kind of 1 catalyst that's new this year.  A second one, obviously, we got a very aggressive forecast again here for hurricane season. It's been quiet so far but the season forecast was well above average. And then the third thing I would point to as a catalyst for why we think the end market is still very active in the category is really around this outage that happened in Canada. We don't talk about Canada as much as we probably should. It's a great market for us. It always has been. We have over 500 dealers up there.  It's actually -- it's a great market because from a demographic standpoint, fits quite well with the buyers of the category. But they suffered a pretty high-profile outage of 1 million utility customers in Ontario and Quebec about 1.5 months ago, it was. And that really has -- jumps off the page when you look at it in our statistics when we track by region.  We actually track some -- just a lot of data really down to the zip code level in areas. But it's interesting to see how much of an impact that had for us in that part of the world. So I would point to those things, again, end market demand very strong, but we continue to ramp production to bring that -- the lead times on the category down.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. We've always said home standby visibility, usually, it's not very good, right, because we typically don't have a backlog. We've been in a backlog situation now for close to 2 years as we've been working to ramp production and tackle these supply chain challenges, which we've been doing. That backlog is still significant.  And in fact, we -- as we have said previously, we still expect to have a backlog by the time we exit this year. So even though we've got our ramp ongoing in production output, we're still not going to catch that by the end of the year. And we'll continue to bring the lead times down, but the backlog is still significant for home standby.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Julien, this is Aaron. The C&I business is -- we don't spend enough time talking about that business. It's a really great solid business that has been growing quite nicely and is really the benefactor of many of these megatrends we've been talking about. C&I products in particular, in a couple of areas, and I'll point them out.  Telecom, the telecom market for us, we are a significant share player in that telecom market. We supply all the major Tier 1 carriers here in the U.S. and many of the secondary and tertiary players as well. We have a diverse offering of product. We engineer and design specific solutions for specific network applications. So a lot of these gen-sets, you would think they're standard products and they are, but they're specific to a particular customer's network. So we'll customize around the needs of each network, which are different.  So that's 1 trend. And obviously, as the telecom companies are spending a lot of CapEx to harden their networks and build out the fifth generation networks, that -- we're benefiting from that trend and we think that, that will continue for the next several years at the very least.  The other 1 is in the rental space, the rental channel partners that we have, they're all re-fleeting. So they kind of went through a process after -- through the COVID cycle down where they reduced their purchases, obviously, with the uncertainty on what might happen. And then as the economy began to really come to life, as a result of a lot of the stimulus spending, they found themselves with fleets that were aged or undersized for the market requirements.  So we're a leader in -- when it comes to power generation, temporary lighting, temporary dewatering, heating, those types of applications. We've got a great product assortment that we sell to, again, all the major rental accounts. And that has been a -- that's proven to be a really great business.  And then just 1 other point I'll make, the International side of C&I. Most of our International business is C&I. We do have a nice growing residential business in there and we don't talk a lot about that, but we're seeing home standby activations around the globe, which is, I think, an indication of some of the power security issues that exist not only here in the U.S. but certainly everywhere.  But internationally, that business has done just incredibly well, and they've been doing well for several quarters now. And that's on the back of some of the energy security issues in Europe. But just, again, power security in general, whether you're talking about the conflict, the Russia-Ukraine conflict or whether you're talking about challenges in other parts of the world, we need power. We need a continuous source of power, and backup generation is going to be in demand for a long time. So that C&I business is great. Book-to-bill was positive in the quarter and backlog grew again.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Phil. I'll unpack that here with a lot of it around -- or all of it around leads. Let's talk a little bit about home standby leads. Four out of 5 regions, they were up quarter-over-quarter and up big in some regions. The only region we saw a pullback was in the South Central region and that's Texas. Texas is the -- you take that February 2021 winter event out there.  And that's where if you are doing channel checks, you may find in Texas, I mean, they were so high a year ago. In fact, I would just point out that when we look at all of our states, just individual states, Texas was still the top state on just an absolute basis for us in the quarter. So even though the South Central region was off as a region and Texas off big within that region, actually, on an absolute basis, the number of leads we generated in Texas was the highest of any of the 50 states.  So I would think that if you're doing channel checks, that's the only region, at least based on our data. I think as we said before, we're really pleased to see the kind of the lead activity because it's just -- it's such a great barometer of the market activity that is to come. We've proven this out. We've been tracking sales leads for almost 10 years now, and it's a pretty solid, reliable predictor of volumes in the future. So it's a great leading indicator.  Specifically to the clean energy business with leads, yes, as you indicated, that is and has been a differentiator for us vis-à-vis others in the marketplace. And it's really been helpful for us to help court new channel partners and new dealers. Giving those leads to customers in a market like the solar market, as a for instance, they historically has had very high customer acquisition costs, I think, is -- I think, again, it's an area that we excel at based on our experiences with it, and our channel partners are coming to find the real value in that.  That said, I think there's even more that we can do there as we dial in kind of how we go to market with our messaging. And that's everything from the type of media that we buy to the regions and particular markets that we target. But we've enjoyed some pretty good success out of that early on here in terms of the clean energy business.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. On the backlog -- on the lead time question, I'll hit that here first. The category, it's about 8 to 10 weeks and that's air-cooled and liquid-cooled products. That's obviously average for the weighting of each of those products within there. We have certain SKUs where we're obviously -- we're performing better than that average and certain SKUs where we're longer. It depends on sometimes component supply challenges.  We have, as an example, we're launching the 26-kilowatt product here this month. And so that's been sitting in backlog. So those lead times look particularly long. And we have some other products within the air-cooled family, where either we have component shortages or other constraints that have manifested. And in the liquid-cooled side, that demand has been incredibly robust with liquid-cooled. And our ability to increase production output there has been a bit hampered by supply chain. So working to bring all of those lead times down.  And again, we've been speaking -- when we talk about lead times, we've been talking about the averages, and that's the average number of weeks of orders in backlog. And I think that's an important distinction, because when you talk to dealers, you're going to find different dealers are in different places, right? Some dealers are -- they can't get enough product, right? They'll take more product if we can get it to them. They either have the space or the financial capacity to do that.  You have other dealers, maybe don't, right? In particular, as you get into smaller dealerships. They don't typically have a warehouse so they run out of space more quickly. They don't typically have the financial capacity, right? A lot of times, they're paying with a credit card even in some cases.  And in the prepared remarks, I spoke to the fact that installation bandwidth, in particular, when you look at the smaller end of the dealer spectrum, they're struggling to find labor. They're struggling with some components that they need, things like propane tanks and other things. They're struggling with permitting delays or getting a utility to come out, to pull a meter or upgrade a meter. Those things are all starting to manifest themselves.  As we've kind of brought our output levels up to a significantly higher level year-over-year, now you're starting to see the constraints kind of move kind of downstream, if you will. And that's exactly what -- we're working with the channel partners to alleviate that, whether it's talking to individual AHJs about permitting issues or delays there or it's looking to -- we've even stood up. We've got HR efforts here to help hire contractors for our dealers or noncontractor labor for our dealers, depending on what their needs are. So kind of we're recruiting for our dealers.  And of course, we're bringing new dealers in all the time. We added another 100 dealers here this past quarter. We're now at 8,200 and we need more. That's something that we're working hard on. As far as cancellations, of course, we have -- our policy around orders has always been a pretty, I'll call it, a liberal policy that way. So the ability to cancel or defer an order is -- you'll see that in those smaller dealers that are coming up against some of those constraints as you point out.  I would say on balance, it's not a material number when you look at the total. But we work through that and it's kind of dealer by dealer. It's really kind of hand-to-hand combat down in the trenches in terms of working with the dealers on -- and again, this is where other programs are really, really helpful with -- our Wells Fargo program is a great program for dealers to stock product.  And so we encourage dealers if they're not already signed up on that platform, to get on that platform. That's a great way for them to be ready for the season. The last thing we want dealers to do is to not be ready for the season. And so that's the messaging that's going out in the field.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. That's great. Thanks, Jeff. Appreciate it. Yes, on storage particularly, yes, supply chain challenges have been numerous. In fact, I would say we hit our most challenging quarter with that here in Q2. And it was not really about cell supply. It was actually challenges in all the electronics components that go into this gear from microprocessors to FETs to everything that we use in the inverter, in the storage cabinet and the storage devices themselves. So that was challenging in the quarter and we're hoping here for the second half to be better in supply of those components.  Demand has remained strong. Again, when you look at IHCs, again, sales leads, we're seeing good strength in lead volume in clean energy. So -- and obviously, there's been a lot of noise around the regulatory environment. Are we going to have "Build Back Better?" Are we not? Now you've got the Inflation Reduction Act, which still has hurdles to clear legislatively, but that could be, obviously, a catalyst for additional demand, as we said in our prepared remarks.  Our position in storage, we still feel very good about our position there. But the supply chain has been a burden here in Q2. And so more to come on that. We've got, I think, a nice forecast here for the balance of the year. Our guidance -- I think when you think about just -- we've talked about this in the past. We have -- we've gone away from like trying to talk about discrete numbers of megawatts and everything else. I mean, that business is so much more diverse for us in terms of clean energy and all the things that kind of work together there from the energy monitoring and management to the grid services elements to -- we've got our power generators. We've got our power managers, our load management controls. There's just a lot of stuff there. So we didn't feel it was appropriate to just talk about a single metric.  So what we've said here and what our prepared remarks said is that we're anticipating that entire kind of complex of products and services that we refer to as clean energy, smart thermostats, everything and go into that now, to be in excess of $500 million for the full year, which is basically double what it was last year. So feeling really good about that business and where it's going in the future.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Well, there could be, Brian. We took the action last year of getting an additional machine, filling an order, even though we don't even have an address to deliver it to at this point. We'll kind of watch how the season plays out here. And if we do get the aggressive hurricane forecast that's been projected, none of that's in our guidance, obviously. So if that comes to fruition, we probably would need to find a home for that tooling.  Now it could be an expansion of our Trenton facility, which is expandable. We've talked about that. It could be another greenfield site. But we're kind of -- it's a little bit of a wait-and-see approach here to the market. But at some point, our belief in the category continuing to grow, there will be capacity adds that are needed at some point in the future.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I don't have that in front of me but we did not -- they were up, yes. Mike's pointing up. So yes, they were up sequentially. They've been on a tear here in Q2, specifically to the catalyst that I mentioned. But it's been -- we've been surprised by the robustness of the end market demand, to be very frank. I mean, it's something that has -- I think it speaks to how the category continues to move into more of a mainstream -- as more of a mainstream appliance, if you will, for homeowners.
Aaron Jagdfeld: No, they are increasing. We said that activations increased actually year-over-year, so we are seeing installs increase. They're just not increasing at the same pace. So it's not a deterioration. It's more of a -- it's the pace is not increasing at the same rate proportionate to our output.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Well, new home construction is slowing, but again, our IHCs are up. So we've always been only marginally exposed to new construction. That's -- I think it was something 10% to 15% of our total volume goes into that. So it's not a huge thing. It never really has been. In fact, we've always said that could be a nice opportunity area if we could get it to grow. And it has grown from kind of that 10% range to more like 15% now. But it's still -- it's kind of relative. I think it's mainly a retrofit category, kind of always has been. There's just a lot of housing stock out there in a lot of areas of the country that are struggling with power quality. So we don't really see -- and we're not hearing anything directly from channel partners about that. The only thing we do hear from them is that more home-builders want to offer the product as a feature, the potential -- not necessarily a standard feature but certainly as a feature to the people who are looking to build a home.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Jerry, this is Aaron. Again, I think when you think of the category, I don't know the historical context if the right place to look. I mean, the category has changed dramatically over the last several years. And I think all of the major kind of trends that underlie the demand in the category and the strength that we're seeing, in particular in IHCs, we believe, are going to remain intact here for the foreseeable future.  So I think that -- frankly, I just think the world's changed, so to speak, whether it's work-from-home or whether it's -- so that's our Home as a Sanctuary trend or whether it's the power quality trends that continue to be front and center for homeowners. I mean, you have homeowners who -- they're buying the category today or at least shopping the category today because they're worried about a potential outage. The category used to be all about outages happening.  And it's still largely -- that's an important demand catalyst, but all the rhetoric and dialogue around utility companies struggling with raw supply, as we work to electrify everything, as we're decarbonizing the grid, all of this kind of rapid shift in how we produce energy and consume energy is exposing the -- just massive vulnerabilities in supply and demand balancing. And that is something that is, obviously, a catalyst for not just home standby generators but also C&I products, our clean energy products, our grid services products.  Those are all directly in line to benefit from just the sheer chaos that the grid has become. It's a patchwork quilt, to begin with, but now it's a quilt with a lot of holes in it. And you're talking about massive concerns by people about just keeping their lights on, keeping their families safe, their home, their properties safe, their business, their livelihood safe, all of these things operating. So I think it's just -- I don't know that you can compare it to kind of what has happened historically in any of those categories.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, those are great questions. I think it's also a good point that the -- and we've said this in the past, that as we increase our production rate, that the backlog, as we stated, weeks of orders is -- that grows, right, as the output grows per week.
Aaron Jagdfeld: And we want to catch it. I mean, yes, we think that -- as we said in our prepared remarks, 1 thing we are seeing is we're seeing improved close rates off of IHCs because we are bringing down lead times. So that's part of our overall strategy here is if you're a customer and you're shopping the category and even if you hear 8 to 10 weeks on a product, you might be -- you might kind of sit on the sidelines and see what happens, right?  And even worse, kind of getting to the second part of your question is if a channel partner or a dealer is quoting something longer because their bandwidth to install has got them kind of at a fixed rate that keeps the lead time longer. So that gap, as we pointed out, kind of grew in the second quarter because of the increase in our production output. And they increased activations or installs but not to the same level. So we're working with them to bring that inside. We're going to need more dealers. We're going to need more installing contractors.  We have a lot of initiatives around trying to make installations easier and less time-consuming. Today, an installation, a typical installation still takes 2 individuals, about 8 hours a piece, so about 16 hours of labor in the installation. So if we could get that down, that obviously frees up some additional bandwidth.  So that's where our focus has been. And again, it's dealer by dealer so it's not widespread, but we are seeing dealers struggle with that. In particular, dealers that are in markets where either housing has been really hot in certain markets. That's where they're really struggling with labor for construction labor, contractor labor. So as, again, part of our prepared remarks, as the housing market cools, we actually think that will help us refocus installing contractors' attention towards the category and will hopefully improve lead times to the end market.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I don't have a ratio like that put together. But I think lead times, we quoted last time were in the 20-week range. They're roughly half of that now, 8 to 10. But again, that 8 to 10 represents a greater amount. So in terms of our production output, so it's not half of what it was before. So to your point, I think that's the point you're trying to get to, I just don't have the math in front of me on that.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean, as we've said before, if we -- today, the plan is we're going to probably exit the year with some backlog remaining. So that -- because of that, there's not a lot of room for upside for the storm. There hasn't been all year for HSB. We've got some room on portable generators. We're in a good inventory position there, ready to serve the market if there is an active storm season.  But on HSBs, and this is, again, why we're working with the channel to increase their installed capacity because we've got to get that to a higher level longer term. We've got to -- we have seen opportunities for that to expand. But the backdrop right now, what we're hearing from these contractors that are struggling is primarily labor, some components and then some permitting and utility-related delays.  So we're attacking all of those things. We've got a broad slate of initiatives to get after those things and have been here for the balance of this year because we kind of -- we could see this coming. We needed to see the installation rate pick up. And while it has increased, it just hasn't increased enough at this point.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. That has been a really active space for us. Really pleased with the sales pipeline that's building there. The challenge, of course, in that business, and as we've said before, is just the time it takes to get these programs through, not only the utilities themselves in terms of developing the programs, but also then the regulators for approval.  So we have a couple of really nice wins that we will -- you'll see some announcements here in the weeks ahead on that are, I think, really are a good example, both of the wins that you'll see are really good examples of the power of the hardware plus software approach that we've taken here. And I think that, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're definitely beginning to see that there's a differentiator for us as a company, because we bring so much more to these potential programs by offering solutions that span everything from a smart thermostat program to a generator program to a battery program to a C&I generator program.  I mean, there's big chunks of load that come from C&I generators. And we can bring all of that hardware to bear alongside this really advanced software platform called Concerto that our team has developed. It's just -- it's a really interesting space going forward.  And to the point about utilities, we have seen a change in their attitudes over the last several months, several quarters really, in terms of the sense of urgency in which -- and they're asking questions and engaging with us. We were down in DISTRIBUTECH, which is kind of the utility markets trade show, if you will, down in Dallas a while ago, a couple of months ago. And I was struck by just the quality of the conversations, the quantity of the conversations we had with utilities and grid operators.  And they just feel like their back is against the wall. They can't solve their problems with traditional means, right? Like a traditional mean being if demand is going up because of more EV adoption in a particular market, a grid operator utility would simply have outlined a plan to add a gas peaker plant to cover those points in the curve where they need additional supply.  And so that's something that they can't do anymore. The regulators are saying, "Look, we're not going to allow you to add another thermal asset to your fleet for supply." And so they're finding themselves in the uncomfortable situation of having to -- it's kind of like a dual mandate. They have to decarbonize their grids because of that mandate, but the other mandate is they have to continue to provide resiliency. And so they're really struggling with ways to do that. So they have to have new tools in the toolkit.  And they see these virtual power plants and these distributed energy resources, like generators and batteries and load management and thermostats as ways to -- as really valuable ways to help them build out the additional supply or the reduction in demand that they need to provide the resiliency that they're charged with providing.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Donovan, from a megatrend standpoint, the grid's a mess. And I don't -- there's nothing in the next 3 to 5 years. I mean, you can talk to any utility company, any utility executive or -- and while they'll get some transmission lines approved and a couple of other things going in the right direction, maybe that will light a fire under regulators.  But there's so much deferred -- if you just -- if you didn't have the Electrify Everything trend, if you just took that away for a second, and you dealt with the more severe climate experiences that we're having and just the decarbonization of the grid in general and that kind of generating fleet, those sources being -- they're moving to a more intermittent nature, and because the technologies have not kept up, like battery technology is just not there yet commercially to be a viable storage technique.  And that's really what we need. We need storage if we're going to move to 100% of our power being generated from renewable sources. You've got to have the ability to store that power at times when those renewables are not able to perform. This is a massive challenge that grid operators and utility executives are trying to solve for. There's no silver bullet there. There's no easy way to do it. There's no technologies that have -- that are presented that allow for that in a commercial way, in a cost-effective way, certainly. And there's nothing in the next 3 to 5 years.  And they would tell you that even if they had an approved plan, all the resources necessary to execute that approved plan, it would be decades just to execute against it. The buildout of the transmission lines, the upgrade of all the equipment that needs to happen to modernize the grid. It's -- there's trillions and trillions of dollars behind in deferred spending and just the raw effort to do that is decades in the making. So we don't see anything on that front.  On your question on natural gas versus diesel, I mean, our -- almost 100% of our business C&I-wise outside of the U.S. is diesel. There's a little bit of natural gas, as we've said. And we think that, that's a trend longer term that'll improve. Where the gas to debt -- the diesel and natural gas trends have been more -- much more prevalent is here in the U.S. and where we have a lot of gas available and that's not an issue.  And I do think even in Europe, they need gas. So whether it comes from Russia or whether it gets imported from other areas, they're not going to move away from pipelines. That -- they've got the infrastructure. They're going to get gas.
Aaron Jagdfeld: They're not going to change how they heat. They're not going to change how they use gas for process. I mean, they need gas. So they'll get it from somewhere. It's probably going to be imported LNG coming into the countries. They need it.
Aaron Jagdfeld: And natural gas will be redesignated in Europe as a clean -- as a clean fuel, which is great. So I think longer term, we feel really confident in those trends. Maybe shorter term, there'll be some noise around that. But again, that business today is mostly diesel. So it's really not a today impact.  And then you're right, you've got other countries where there's opportunities for us. You mentioned a couple of countries in Asia that have -- they're islands, right? So they import, whether it's Japan or whether it's Taiwan, those are all areas where they import. And we do see LNG becoming an important fuel. And this is where I think the United States is in a really good spot here to be able to provide a path for countries that need that important fuel source, whether it's baseload power generation or process or for energy security. That's going to be something that I think is going to be a -- that's a trend that's going to continue long into the future. Natural gas is a fantastic energy resource. It's going to be part of our baseload power structure here as a global populous for a long time to come.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Again, we've talked about 8 to 10 weeks of orders in the backlog and it's sizable. It's a big backlog. And we expect to still have backlog as we exit the year, even that's in spite of the increased production rate. So it's a sizable number. And we want to get that down because that's how -- we think that serving the market with shorter back -- with shorter lead times is really important to winning in the market, in particular, on those sales leads that we've talked about.  So that's a really important focus for us, Maheep, and we're going to continue to lean into that. And again, working on that installation bandwidth as well. But that 8 to 10 weeks is really how we would speak to the backlog.
York Ragen: Yes, Julien, this is York. So we posted 35.4% gross margins in the second quarter. Very pleased with the sequential improvement off of Q1. And we are starting to see pricing read through. You mentioned repricing of the backlog. We did announce a price increase in April that repriced the backlog as of June 1. We still have some additional pricing that launched late last year that will flow through backlog into Q3.  But as our prepared comments said, if -- we posted 35.4% gross margin in Q2. Expect then to get closer to 40% by the end of the year. As we ramp that, what is that, 4% to 5% increase, about half of that sequential increase will be about -- half of that will be pricing, price realization continuing to come through, the other half being moderation of input costs.  When you look at commodities starting to roll over, we'll start -- we'll see the lagging impact of that. There's always a lag in our realization. As commodities move, there's always a lag. We'll start seeing some of that here in the latter part of the year. We're seeing inbound freight costs come down. Some of our expediting costs are coming down. Just getting our plants' absorption improve. We do have a number of just cost-out projects. We're working on our build and material of our products that will materialize in the second half. So all that supports and gets us comfortable with that progression of sequential margin improvement to the point where when we exit 2022 here, we'll feel very comfortable with our margin profiles, again back to where they were early part of 2021 before all this inflationary pressures happened.
York Ragen: Yes. No, Jeff. This is York. We did say that looking at -- basically, our performance to date, where we're coming into the second half from a working capital standpoint, we like that. We saw inventories stabilize in the second quarter. With that, we should get back to a more normalized free cash flow conversion in the entirety of the second half of the year.  Recall, normal cash flow conversion for this business is around 90%. So it'll probably be more weighted towards into Q4. But when you look at the second half in totality, free cash flow conversion should improve and return back to normal free cash flow levels for this business.
York Ragen: Well, we did mention shipments were up over 50% for home standby, which is indicative of our build rates for this category.
York Ragen: Yes. No, I think our theoretical capacity, as we get Trenton up and running, and particularly another set of machine tooling here in the second quarter, that should -- basically, that gets us to what our projected capacity increases were expected to be. So it would -- and that actually even gives us room here from where we're at today to even surge, should we get a major event. So there's -- we're good from a capacity standpoint in terms of our expectations now.
York Ragen: Jerry, this is York. We haven't necessarily talked orders historically. We are running up against tough comps on the order standpoint, just given the Texas outage last year. So comparing that and as well as some of the installed bandwidth comments that Aaron talked about. But I mean, you really have to look at the IHCs to really understand what's going on with the end market demand and having those up nicely year-over-year here in the quarter and up, what we said, what, 4x from...
York Ragen: Over 4x pre-pandemic levels. So the underlying demand for the category is still very, very strong. But comparing that order rate is -- versus priority is probably not the right metric.
York Ragen: No. That -- I mean, pricing -- price realization is actually going up. There's, if anything, very limited promotion going on. I mean, there's always some just general underlying -- undercurrent of some minor promotions.
York Ragen: But I mean, normally when we're not in a backlog situation, there's an ordinary course of promotions. But even when you're in backlog, you have some minor promotions going on. So sequentially, there's nothing going on there. And in fact, we've, obviously, raised price, repriced the backlog June 1. And I think partly maybe where you're going with that is did that price increase stick in the marketplace? And it did.
