York Ragen: Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2012 earnings call. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today’s call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I’ll now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: So interest expense for 2013, we highlighted as $60 million to $62 million as the expense, and $55 million to $57 million of that is actual cash, debt service costs, with $5 million being amortization and deferred financing costs and original issue discount amortization. And – and the contribution of Ottomotores in the quarter, we...
York Ragen: Yeah. Jerry, this is York. I think we haven’t given any quarterly guidance. I think there was a number of things in terms of how you can look at that in terms of the magnitude of, say if you flashback to where we were this time last year, we were coming into 2012 after having a hurricane Irene and an October snowstorm. You flash-forward to now and you have a Superstorm Sandy which arguably could be – would be larger than those 2011 events. So, we’re coming into the year with a similar fact pattern here in 2013 as 2012. And lead times have been extended similarly this year versus last year. So, I think you would expect similar seasonality trends in terms of how, what was provided – from a seasonality perspective you would expect something similar trends as what was provided for our 2012 outlook last year at this time. And, with regards to your comment, is that year-over-year growth, I think maybe just point you to the magnitude of the events, 2011 versus 2012 and how they came into the following year.
York Ragen: Good morning, Jeff.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just a follow-on the seasonal cadence, I think what you’re trying to say, York or maybe just help me out.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, the R&D, we generally expense, so you’re going to see that in the SG&A line, Andrew. But, as far as obviously, there are hard assets associated with R&D as well with equipment and facilities and things. And you’re right, the previous owner of that business was a holding company based in UK, and I think it was fair to say that there is opportunity there to – for growth based on our level of investment, our appetite to invest. So, there is a piece of our CapEx expense. It’s not huge, but our capital expenditures, we’ve got a couple of million dollars in there for the Ottomotores business for next year for expansion and some R&D efforts as well as – as well as some capacity expansion.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Well, first and foremost we’re a products company, so we love designing and developing new products. It’s kind of at the heart – the core of the company. We were started in 1959 on an innovative idea by our founder and we’ve kind of kept that philosophy, and that core of innovation, really inherent to the company. So, I were to look across though for 2013 to answer your question, I would see – again as we said in our prepared remarks, probably hands down the broadest offering of new products that we’ve ever done in our history just based on the scale that we’ve gone through over the last couple of years in our engineering and R&D efforts. When I look across it, I’m pretty excited about some of the products that we’re developing that are geared directly towards light commercial opportunity. We talked about this small footprint retail, bank branches, healthcare facilities, those types of things, that today there is really no regulatory reason for them to have backup power, and up until recently there hasn’t been probably a financial reason for them to have it either. We think that, I’d mentioned in the prepared remarks, we call it our Protector series which is the diesel version of those light commercial products. We also have a very robust gas line of products that we’ve had for a number of years, it’s actually been refreshed this year as well; again all targeted at kind of that light commercial space. The light commercial space is a lot like, we do kind of a lot like the home standby category a number of years ago, in terms of the under-penetration, the opportunity to get in there and sell on a more direct basis with a broader distribution channel. And you have to have competitive product, because again it’s up for our business, it’s a return on investment calculation, and so we had to redesign these products to make sure that they are very cost effective both in their acquisition cost as well as their operating cost.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, it’s obviously a great question, Jerry, and one that – as we’ve said over the years, the new construction market is short of calling it the Holy Grail of our industry, it could be a really interesting thing for the category because it’s a lot lower in cost to install those products at that point when the walls are open, the trades are on site, permits have been pulled already for everything else if somebody is doing, the cost of the equipment can be rolled into the homeowners’ mortgage. There is a lot of upside to why you want to do this project during new construction. The challenge of course as we’ve said has been getting the builders to promote the category, getting homeowners to understand that it’s available, right, I mean awareness, just, as the category still only in its, frankly in its infancy, 10 years, 12 years old. We’ve worked very hard with builders over the last three or four years to increase awareness at their level, as well as to increase awareness at the home buyers level. As a result, our penetration rates today, we estimate to be about double what our penetration rates are. The 2.5% we quote of U.S. households, those are single family homes greater than $100,000 in value, we would estimate that penetration rate at new constructions about double that rate, because of the upside of doing it at that point. So, that has grown from where it was, although we still think it could go higher, in particular in certain regions of the country where and whether it’s replacement homes as a result of Sandy or whether its remodeling or whether it’s just outright new construction in some of the markets where power quality has been poor over the last several years.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, great question. This is kind of – those two product categories are starting to form the core of the portable products business for us, that has done very well over the last four years with the re-entry in the portable generators. We do believe that today we’re number one in brand share in the U.S. in portable gen sets, and that share is somewhere in the mid-to-upper 20% range depending on which data you look at, that has grown obviously from nearly zero rate four years ago. So, we’ve done – our teams have done tremendously well with that product and that’s come from, again we talk about innovation, we talk about new product introduction cycles, we talk about voice of customer, solving customers’ pain points with products. We’ve done all of that and hit a home run on portable generators. Now, we try to apply that here to power washers in the last year really in launching those products in 2011, accelerating in 2012. We’re still a small market share player. The market is dominated by a few big players. We do think there is some great opportunities for us, we’ve gotten some great traction in the 2013 selling season here with our product line. In particular, we mentioned the OneWash product which we debuted at the Lawn & Garden Show in Louisville in the Fall has been very well received. We’ve gotten very good placement for that product at a couple of major retailers here for the spring season. It I think bears out, still we’ve got to see if the sell-through will be or we hope it to be, right, because it’s just being put in stores today. But we think we have a very compelling value proposition for homeowners there in terms of being the only – the market’s only variable speed power washer to allow them to do a number of different tasks more simply and more easily with that product. So, really excited about that platform, Jerry, and we continue to look at what other products might fit into that platform like that, where we can leverage distribution, leverage our expertise in supply chain and manufacturing capabilities as well as, again our focus on solving customers’ pain points with engine power products.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Okay, John. It’s a good question. We were adding on an annualized basis between 300 and 400 net new dealers a year for the last several years. I mean, really for the last decade that’s how we’ve gotten to over 4,000. And I think we quoted – we ended the year just north of 4,800 dealers. We added over 600 channel partners in the last 12 months, which is a higher rate obviously than that 300 to 400, and that obviously is in our minds associated, especially when we look geographically where those partners were added, it’s associated quite heavily with the outage events that occurred in 2011 and 2012 out East. So a lot of these dealers are in the Northeast, but we still had – we continue to have strong growth regionally. I think one of the things about this company that is amazing to me is, when we look at our regional breakdowns for sales across over the last 12 months, we have no single region that didn’t grow at least 14%; that was our smallest growth region. So – and that’s across the U.S. Obviously, growth in the Northeast has been great with the opportunities that have been created from the events, but even out West, market – regions like that growing 14% plus. So, I think that’s a – it’s pretty amazing and we’re adding channel partners as a result really across the U.S.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, the FCC sure has been talking about it quite a bit more, whether there’ll be any movement out of that talk, is I guess – it remains to be seen. I know that they’ve been holding public hearings in many of the regions that were impacted by power outages, with – all the way down to like local first responders and what not to understand the impact on those types of activities that outages have. So whether that finally grinds its way to some kind of a mandate, or some type of regulation is yet to be seen. But I can tell you that from our standpoint – the telecom companies, the wireless companies, our customers have been onboard with hardening their networks over the last decade as they built them out. I don’t think that they’re – they’re not doing anything that they don’t believe they should be doing to try and strengthen their network. They certainly don’t want to (inaudible), and their business model is not good to not have – not have it work, right. So, they understand the importance of backup power. I think that we believe there’s still a lot of upside within their network, that being said to continue to grow that out. And we think the penetration rates in wireless power still – for backup standby generators is still only in the 30 percentile range. So that would – conversely 70% of all towers don’t have some kind of generator as a backup, some have batteries, and other means, but they don’t last quite as long. If you have long-term outage, it can be problematic. So, I think there’s – I continue to think that that’s going to be a bright spot going forward, we’ve said that. I think – a lot of it depends on the capital spending patterns of those companies and the allocation of those capital dollars to projects such as backup power. But with the drums beating at the FFC on their interest level in this topic that may – that may push forward and at a faster rate some of these plans, I don’t know.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. So John, there is a couple of things there. One is that Ottomotores is a – is our most gen set manufacturers. They call themselves manufacturers, but they’re generally packagers. They buy an engine. They buy an alternator. They buy controls. In this case, Ottomotores does quite bit of their own sheet-metal in terms of the structural components of the gen-set, that being closure to the base frame tanks and things like that. But where we see opportunities in that $2 million in synergies is really the result of what we believe our scale as a company, as we’re now $1.1 billion closing in on $1.2 billion, we do have some interesting things from a scale perspective, when we go out shopping for diesel engines as an example. And that’s what Ottomotores servers as a diesel gen-set market down in Latin America. There are some opportunities there for us to – we believe take some costs out of that process just by using our scale. There is also the opportunity as you pointed out with them. Some of things – we do a lot of vertical manufacturing here at Generac. We wind our own alternators and gas engines. We’re doing our own fuel systems, our own cooling packages, our own emission systems, and the light exhaust systems. We do our own controls, hardware and software. So we think that over time there is opportunities. Some of those opportunities are year one, but our comments also alluded to the fact that there are potential cost reduction opportunities beyond year one that would probably be more befitting of some of the vertically integrated things, like initially that $2 million is going to mainly be in the commodity supply chain space in terms of our using our scale.
Aaron Jagdfeld: We’ve got some pretty good cost reduction programs also, Jeff, that we’ve been working on here, that we believe are going to be meaningful in terms of their impact on margins next year and going forward.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great thanks guys.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, and that’s a great question, Chris. They – these guys – the guys we compete with – there is only – frankly there is only three of us, and the other two guys have been very focused on this space in the last five or six years. I think, since we frankly become a public company and since we started talking about the category and the growth opportunities in the category, I think they’ve seen and they’ve seen growth I’m sure in their own numbers. They’re not – all the competitors created equal I will say though; some of them focus more on the premium segment of the market, which where they believe their brand can extract additional price although the product is not premium. You’ve got other guys that I think are good competitors in this space that have a better cost position than others. But in the end I think what this comes down to is that, we believe over time that if this is going to truly become a commoditized type of and a democratized, if you will, from a word standpoint, type of product category whether like HVAC or some other installed product, there is going to be other people jumping in, but we’ve got such a head-start with distribution, with product, with some of the things we mentioned here on the sales and marketing side with our AMP – our AMP process and our PowerPlay sales tablet-based selling application, the distribution network we’ve got is two-fold greater than the next closest guy. And so we think we’ve got some really good things that – and there is some solid barriers to entry that should help us keep our share where it’s at. Frankly, our share has been at 70% for some time now. And if these guys were going to get serious about and every indication we have, if they are serious about it, you think that they would have nibbled away at our share, that’s not the case. And so, we think we can continue to maintain that going forward and we like our position, we like the fact that the market is growing. That’s – I think that’s the key thing here, we’re all trying to grow the market. And that’s – that’s what we’re focused on.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. I don’t think anything more than what they’ve already been experiencing. The growth in this category is been great for not longer than two years. Right, so, and I think we have all seen that in your own businesses, and based on comments they’ve made publically, it’s clear that they are focused on that. And one of those company is a public company, the other one is not, the other one is a private company, but all indications that we see in the marketplace is – is that they are very focused on it.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. We have a pretty interesting selection criteria process here, as we look to develop new product platforms like washers. And for us, we look at engine power tools in particular, washers was kind of at the top of our radar screen in terms of the new category to get into a couple of years ago. Because that was one of the larger potential segments, it was frankly dominated by one player, one or two players. And we thought that there was – there was an opportunity there to innovate, and to move the price points up in a meaningful way that we could create more customer enjoyment and frankly make some money out of it. So that popped out of that filtering process. There are other categories beyond that. I won’t mention them directly, but there are some product categories underneath that that we’re evaluating today on whether or not we think we would go into them. And Maybe that could come organically. It could come through an acquisition, we don’t – we have a pretty robust M&A pipeline that we continue to look at, but from an organic standpoint, power washers for us is probably a shorter pipe because we have done it before, and we are a little more comfortable with it. Anything beyond that is going to get to be a little bit longer pipe. But we think that, as I said before being able to leverage our scale, our supply chain, our manufacturing prowess and our distribution relationships, I do believe there are other products we can plug into that and be successful with. So we’re going to continue to evaluate that and push forward.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Thank you, Dominic. We appreciate again everybody’s attention this morning and your time, and we look forward to reporting out our first quarter earnings to you on the next call. Thank you again.
