Aaron Jagdfeld: Sure. No, good questions, Tommy. On Enbala, I think our confidence grows daily with that acquisition. It just continues to reinforce our strategic direction around participating more fully in the shift to Grid 2.0, right? I mean that's really what that acquisition was about. It really was about helping us take our legacy assets, our generators, if you will, as well as our clean energy assets like PWRcell and our load management devices and really expose those distributed energy resources for the benefit of grid operators, utilities, energy aggregators and ultimately the end customers, the owner operators of those pieces of equipment. What I can say over the last quarter is we continue to dive pretty deep into the pipeline that Enbala had previous to our acquisition. It is substantially larger today than it was, that pipeline -- substantially larger today than it was when we acquired it. We believe there are a couple of reasons for this. One, during the acquisition, of course, that was -- COVID was -- we were in the middle of that, and there was some retrenchment by utilities and others on a lot of things. But certainly, programs like grid services were kind of put down -- they were set down and as they were working on other things. But the volumes have picked up dramatically here based on the fact that COVID has abated. But probably more importantly, many of these customers are telling us that they feel like now they get that Enbala has a partner in Generac that is, one, financially stable and, two, has access to all these wonderful assets, right? So, what Enbala was selling before was software, and it's agnostic software to the OEM and agnostic to even the type of DER, be it storage or be it a generating asset, and we want to maintain that because we think that's important. But I think having the opportunity to provide a full turnkey solution to a utility is really important. It really reduces the friction around which platform should the utility choose, if our assets deeply integrate with it, and we have a lot of confidence in our ability to execute in our financial wherewithal to be able to do that. What we believe that's led to is just a lot more opportunities that we're seeing. So really good things to see there. On the product pipeline, you mentioned the -- we keep calling it as this purpose-built generator. This is really our off-grid generator, if you will. It's a machine that will produce direct current power. So, it will be able to charge a battery. It won't provide power to your home during a blackout, but it will be able to provide power to your battery as you deplete the battery, which could be during a blackout or some other time. We think that's a really important kind of critical missing link for those homeowners that really want to defect from the grid. And so think of it as a grid defection enabler. That product will be available later this year. And we're pretty excited about it. We've got a lot of interest in it. We'll see how many people really want to truly defect from the grid. They'll be able to do that after this product hits the market, but it's going to be an exciting launch. We're going to launch it at SPI here in September. So it should be a lot of fun.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. It's a great question, Ross. And this is where I'll give a huge shout-out to our operations teams are. It's a fight every day, every hour. I mean they literally have hour by hour kind of metrics that they're pacing against, not only obviously for output, but the ability to hit the kinds of output levels that we're achieving and do it safely and to continue to produce a quality product. These are top of mind for everything we do. It's just -- it's amazing. In full disclosure, I think if you had asked me as the CEO of this company even 6 months ago, if we'd be able to achieve the levels we are at today in the existing footprint, I would have probably taken the under on that bet. I just -- I'm maybe more of a realist at heart and maybe just would have -- you never want to bet against your own team. But these folks on our team just continue to outperform. They're working very closely with our supply chain. That's obviously a major component of this to make sure we get continuous supply. We've been expanding our supply chain to dual and triple source, which has been incredibly helpful. That was an initiative we actually started back a couple of years ago now, but it's paying off very handsomely. We invested very heavily in automation over the last several years, which is also paying off quite nicely. And really, the way the teams -- to answer your question at the root of it, is the teams are continually looking at ways to improve the operations of the business. So how do we -- squeezing out 0.5 point of efficiency or 0.25 point of productivity out of our equipment, out of our teams, out of our supply chain makes a big difference at the kinds of rates that we're running right now. Again, we don't know what the future holds. Supply chain is just a really challenging area right now, everything from logistics to component availability. Everybody's talking about this. And we're no different. We have taken a pretty, I would say, I think we've properly reflected that in the guidance. We'll just say that. I think we kind of handicapped it in a way that we believe these numbers that we're going to put out are achievable based on everything we know today. If we have some improvement in the supply chain situation, maybe they go higher. We'll see. But I'm just -- I'm incredibly proud of the team. They're just -- they're doing a great job. And really, I can't say more about it.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Phil. There's -- capacity discussion here is a daily discussion. We had a plan that we had in place that we were going to bring Trenton online here midyear, which is effectively -- if you think of it this way, it's -- we're calling it a double-double, right? So we're effectively -- we are going to double our capacity. Where we're at today is somewhat kind of double where we were running maybe a little more than a year ago, maybe 12 to 18 months ago. And we had a pretty good line of sight to exit this year at that level. We felt pretty good that we -- we started tuning into the backlog pretty well. Notwithstanding, again, to your point about an active hurricane season, that was going to be a wildcard. But what happened here in between kind of our last plan and today was Texas. And so, as the Texas event was unfolding, we basically went back to the drawing board. And we said, look, we had a plan, it's not enough. How do we get more? We can't have lead times going out. 28 weeks is terrible, and that's the average across all channels, all customers, all products. But those lead times are -- that's too long to wait. And we're working hard to bring those in. But that recalibration of the capacity plan, simply put, just without getting too detailed, is to take our level that we're at today which we anticipated would go up somewhat by the end of this year as we brought Trenton online. But effectively, we've now made investments and plans to completely double where we're at today a year from now. So that will ramp throughout the year. And the way we're going to do that is we're going to bring Trenton up quicker. So we're going to need more people, we're going to need more equipment, and we're going to -- we've made those investments, we've made those decisions, and we're executing against that. But we're also making more investments here in Wisconsin. So the initial decision was to shift to a secondary location down in Trenton, that's not going to be enough. So we had stood up a temporary line in one of our facilities just outside of Whitewater, Wisconsin, where we build the lion's share of these products. And that temporary line, we're going to actually add another line in that facility, and we're going to augment that production through some subcontracting of component supply. So our constraints are a couple of the major components that go into the units. We're going to subcontract supply. We've got a line of sight on that. That will come online here really kind of end of Q3, beginning of Q4. So that, call it, second line in Wisconsin in that temporary facility. So, the second line that we're adding in Wisconsin, the quicker ramp of Trenton and then bringing on more equipment early next year is what gets us to doubling kind of where we're at today to where we can be tomorrow. So, if we do get an active hurricane season, we feel like that we'd be ready for that. We may still have longer lead times exiting the year than we want. But the kinds of capacity numbers we're talking about here, by the time we get out 12 months from now, are really quite big. So the ability to scale even further, I think, is going to be is going to be possible once we get through that investment process.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. No, Mark, it's an important question, and there's two types of headwinds here. There's cost headwinds and then there's availability headwinds. And so from a cost headwind standpoint, we use a lot of copper, aluminum and steel in our products. So obviously, as those have run here over the last 6 to 12 months, we've seen a sizable increase, and that's kind of the cost pressures that York was alluding to on the last question. And we're offsetting that with pricing and other cost out actions. Interestingly enough, the second headwind, which is availability, we're also seeing some availability issues within some of those basic materials, which is not something we've typically experienced. So finding electrical-grade steel as an example for the alternators we manufacture, which is the business entity of a generator. That's been challenging. Having to go out to the mills and buy coil stock. We're kind of jumping the supply chain in a lot of cases to get upstream to find rock coil stock to provide to our electrical grade steel lamination manufacturers. So that would be one instance of it. I would say more broadly, the electrical components are in terms of availability. We use a lot of semiconductors, a lot of microprocessors in all of our products. I would say, much more heavier use on our clean energy products, much lighter use on products like Chore products. But nonetheless, there are still a lot of microprocessors across the board. I think that one thing for us, maybe just a little bit of how we've been insulated from some of the current shortfalls you're reading about in automotive and some other areas, as much as I'd love to say, we're an incredibly lean supply chain in terms of inventory levels and whatnot. The fact of the matter is, because of the nature of our business in terms of needing to react to exogenous elements of demand, we have to keep a fair amount of safety stock, and our suppliers have to keep a fair amount of safety stock on hand to feed us when we need to double or triple our output. So, there was a fair amount of inventory in the channel, if you will, our supply chain channel, that is, as well as our own inventories. And so that's been helpful in kind of absorbing some of those shortfalls. And that being said, we definitely are looking at some problem areas ahead. Now again, we've reflected this, we think, appropriately in our guidance. So, there are some areas of our business that I'll just point out clean energy. I mean the demand for clean energy is much higher than what we can produce, simply because of some of the constraints we have on availability at the electronics level, also battery cell production levels. There's constraints there as well. And we're monitoring that, and we're looking at ways we can mitigate that. But we've more heavily reflected that in the guidance for that business. And still, we're saying we're up 75% to 100% in clean energy year-over-year. But it's been a challenge. We're going to continue to manage it to the best of our ability. But there's quite a few headwinds out there, but I think our teams have a pretty good handle on it, and we're going to continue to keep fighting here.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. That's a great question. And we watch this very, very closely. As we've said in the past, the replacement rate is roughly about 10% today. We get quarterly updates. That's up nicely. We get quarterly updates on what the replacement rates are. We survey people who buy products. Are they buying it for replacement? Are they buying it as a new home? Are they buying it as an existing home? So, in new construction, it's 15% to 20% of the products going into new construction. So, both of those trends are favorable and have been favorable over the long haul. The replacement trend, I think, is maybe the most favorable because when you really just peel back the math on it, and I think we showed this a couple of years ago at an Investor Day, and we may have to update this coming up here in our Investor Day in September. But the replacement rate itself was worth quite a bit of money there, just over the long haul.  And so -- and that, I think, as technology continues to improving the products and in particular, as those products become grid services enabled, right, in Enbala-ready, the idea of the newer products being in Enbala-ready and the old ones not, that becomes an asset that could be producing for somebody in a different way than just protecting their home. It could be something that is able to be monetized. So pretty interesting stuff there. The remote monitoring capabilities that we've added to products over the years also don't exist in generational products 10, 15 years ago. So really interesting trends longer term, and I think they're bullish for us and bullish for the category.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. I think, Jed, it might be a little early to be saying it's reading through today, maybe a little bit, but really we've always looked at the sales cycle and just that -- those products because they're budgetary items generally for a business or even a hospital, in some cases. Those are little more quote-driven. But really, we bifurcate the C&I world into two markets. There's the quote-driven and then there's the optional standby markets within just purely standby, right? So, quote-driven markets are clear, where you've got to provide backup power because of a wastewater treatment plan, a hospital, some other installation where quotes require that. That's a simple bid process and would be something that is about half of the market. The other half of the market then is made up of what we refer to as this optional standby market. And that's really a decision for a business or a business owner, who says, look, I have interruption of my -- maybe it's my revenue streams or I have spoilage of inventory or I have some other thing that happens when the power goes out, it's a negative for my business, and I want to protect that and protect against that, so I invest in backup power. I think the idea there and what we've typically seen is we'll see a follow-on period here for a couple of years, especially after an event like Texas, the magnitude of that event. We'll see increased quotations activity which we're seeing today, increased activity around what types of solutions make sense. You can talk to the specifying engineering firms that are involved in projects like this, down in that region of the country. And they will tell you that there's a lot of inbound interest around businesses and other types of properties looking at adding a backup generator. I think what gets really interesting for me is when you can take that backup generator, and C&I is really -- it makes a lot of sense here. You can turn it into a distributed energy resource. Now you're talking about a big chunky block of power that you can take 400, 500, 1 megawatt -- 400 kw 500 kw, 1 megawatt, 2 megawatts of power in a single installation with a single owner that you can put back into the grid. And that's incredibly valuable for ERCOT or for any of the other -- PJM -- any of the other grid operators out there or utility companies even themselves who can use that asset to help them balance supply and demand. And so that's kind of the new frontier, right? And that's why we invested in Enbala. You're going to see us continue to push even further in this. And I mentioned it just briefly in the prepared remarks about, we call it our lead gas initiatives here, which is really about using a natural gas generator for those purposes because in those instances, you're just talking about a cleaner burning machine. The economics are much better around gas. We use a rich burn configuration machine. So it can do quick startup to protect against blackouts as well as provide power back to the grid. So we're the leader in that industry and have been for many, many years. And we're incredibly excited. And that's where we've been getting the most interest actually with the Enbala acquisition. As I was mentioning, those sales teams, Enbala and our teams working together many of the projects that we're talking about are natural gas generator projects and larger blocks of power for distribution centers, for manufacturing plants, for other types of installations, critical or noncritical. And I think that's going to be really important because that's really more of energy as a service. If you think about it down the line, that's what it turns into. And I think that's going to be a really exciting part of the growth story for C&I as we go forward.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Jerry. PWRcell has been incredibly well received. We're doing well to take some good market share there in a growing market, which is awesome. And we continue to roll out new products, as we talked about in the prepared remarks. But as it relates to supply chain and capacity, I mentioned briefly the battery cell capacity constraints, which anybody, who's electrifying anything today, is dealing with the same situations, and we're no different. We brought on a second source here in the first quarter to augment our primary source of battery cells, battery packs. We'll be bringing on in the second half of the year a third and potentially even fourth source to continue to kind of broaden the supply base for those products. That being said, again, we -- as I said before, we've kind of reflected in our guidance. Even though we're talking about a 75% to 100% growth rate year-over-year for clean energy products, we're really -- it could be higher. The demand is much higher. I mean the inbound demand that we're seeing in those product categories is phenomenal, and it's very exciting. And I think this is really ahead of any kind of -- all the major policy changes that are being proposed out there, right? We really didn't even touch on that today much, but the current administration has a whole host of kind of plans and proposals out there related to increasing and extending the investment tax credit, actually giving an ITC credit, making that available for storage only, which is something that would be very interesting, I think, for people, who are looking to add storage to an existing solar array or use storage perhaps as an arbitrage opportunity. So, we need to continue to work on capacity as, I think, the takeaway here. Our teams are looking at that very hard. And longer term, I think that we're going to need to do some other things there that I think we're probably prepared to talk a little bit more deeply about once we get to our Investor Day in September. But as it relates to what we did in Q1, I guess, York 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. It's a great question. And obviously, the big wildcard and that kind of equation or formula is what kind of a season do we see this fall. And so, I think it's really difficult for me to just kind of spout out a number here because I don't know what the season holds for us. We really want to bring the backlog down in terms of the lead times. We'd love to see that get a lot shorter as we go forward. And that's something that we're working hard to as we ramp capacity. As I said, the South Carolina facility, the team there, we've got a plan that basically doubles where we thought we were going to be at the end of the year. In terms of exiting the year down in Trenton, we want to be twice as high as we thought we'd be. And then again, augmenting that with more production in Wisconsin here. So, we're going to grow into a really big capacity number by the time we hit kind of Q2 of next year. But the season could -- if the season plays out to be an active one and there are quite a number of forecasts out there saying that, and that's just the hurricane season. I guess I haven't touched on the fire season out west, it's been incredibly dry out west and very dangerous situation there. Already seeing fire activity out in the northwest in Washington. Californians, I think, are really on edge with where that could go. So
Aaron Jagdfeld: Tons of interest in Texas coming off of the outages there. So again, we're trying to reflect what we think is an appropriate level of…
Aaron Jagdfeld: We're not going to catch it. We're going to come out of the year with a fair amount of backlog. It's just a question of what the magnitude of that number is. And just not in a position yet to size that.
York Ragen: Yes. I mean, I think we've said we most likely would not be catching the backlog here in 2021. So, we'll be coming into '22 with that backlog. So conceivably while we're running full steam in terms of production, those types of EBITDA margins would be sustainable. I haven't necessarily rolled out my 2022 guidance yet. But thinking out loud, that's how I'm thinking about it. Ultimately, once we catch the backlog, that's -- I guess that's yet to be determined. We don't know what type of hurricane season we're going to get this year. So I guess more to come and how that will play out in 2022. But yes, I guess I haven't necessarily laid out 2022 margin profile yet.
York Ragen: I think the message is we believe that we -- the things we're doing from a price cost efficiency, cost reduction standpoint and then elements around mix will help offset those inflationary pressures that we're seeing today. The impact of that, we believe, is going to be transitory here in the middle part of the year of 2021. That should alleviate more with the back end, to your point, Brian.
York Ragen: I think we said in the prepared remarks. So shipments obviously did grow dramatically. I think what was encouraging where orders, or demand actually was up sequentially from Q4 to Q1, actually better than expectations. So that was the driver of taking our outlook up. There's a lot of momentum on the distribution side for these products, took our outlook up to growing 75% to 100%. At the midpoint of that range, that would be about a $100 million increase in shipments of those products year-over-year. So, a lot of encouraging signs. And again, that's better than we had originally expected. And I think the key there is we'll be ramping volumes throughout the year. Margin profile will ramp throughout the year. And we're going to have attractive margin profile as well on top of that.
