York A. Ragen: Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2018 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation, as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees, may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we'll make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, I mean, I think on the International side, we're very proud of the 10%. We've been talking about growing the International margins as we execute on the synergies and drive the top-line growth. And so, International had a great quarter. And you can really see the leverage of that fixed operating cost layer that they have to support that global business come through with the 10%. Expect to see continued year-over-year growth, expect to see continued strong EBITDA margins, depending on how that comes through from quarter-to-quarter, but for the full second half, we expect those strong margins to continue.
York A. Ragen: No, I think what we're seeing here in the second quarter and actually even the first quarter, that the environment, we do have pricing power given the increased demands for our products, but we had laid this out. We saw our views on commodities and so you look at the residential side of the business, the C&I side of the business, and we rolled out our price increases in the beginning of the year. We also, as we rolled out our new flagship residential home standby product with WiFi connectivity, we also factored pricing into that product launch here in the second quarter. And then, you couple that with the incremental pricing power that we get, and the less discounting that we're doing, all of that equates to better price cost dynamics for the first half of the year and we feel confident that that can continue.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, fair comment. So, in Q1, I think we commented, especially with those nor'easters that hit in the month of March, Q1 came in above that long-term average. Q2, actually, was more in line with the long-term average. And so, therefore, for the first half collectively, it would be deemed above. Again, this is our outage severity metric that we've created. So it's our statistic that we track. But when you track it back to 2010, first half has been above that average, long-term average.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, and I think to clarify, like when we say in our prepared comments, we say an "average" event could impact our sales positively by $50 million, that is meant for that year. So for that year, it could impact the forecast for that year's guidance by $50 million for an average event. What you do have, though, is that you have infinitely higher sales of home standby, because you have a new and higher baseline that's established in the following years. Just to compare, so Irma, there was roughly 7 million to 8 million people without power for a week, call it, down in Florida and Georgia. So that was probably an above average major event. I think we even called out in our prepared comments, that if we don't get a major event this year, that we would have a 4% headwind in growth, strictly just from portable sales that we sold in the second half of 2017. So that's roughly $60 million to $70 million right there. So just in portables alone in 2017, was $65 million. And then you get the home standby on top of that and you get the new and higher baseline. So again, it's a tough question to answer, Brian, but hopefully, we're giving you some color there.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, I mean, it's a fair comment, Ross, because we looked at it as well. So second quarter, we had a very strong second quarter, and a lot of demand, and we're executing on that demand. So Q2, from a normal seasonality perspective, Q2 was just higher than it normally is. Again, you'd expect that after a major event in the previous year. And so we expect that strength to continue into the second half. But you're right. It's going to be, because of such a strong second quarter, our guidance anticipates that the second half quarterly run rate would be more level-loaded off that second quarter run rate. We don't have a major event in the second half that we're assuming. We also are just assuming just normalized long-term average baseline outages. So I think we say that there's always could be some upside there. But basically, the assumption is that the strength from Q2 will carry into the third and fourth quarter. But could we get some extra weather that we could exceed that? Yes. Extra, more outage environment, yes, we could exceed that.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, again, on the back of a major event, second quarter is always very strong. You'd have to look back to, what, 2013. You'd have to look back and --
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, and, Chris, this is Aaron. I think it's important to note that it really does fit our thesis all along here with International. We see tremendous opportunity for Generac's products, which have generally historically only been available here in the U.S. and Canada. By putting those products into the distribution that we've acquired internationally, we see – and have said this many times, we see a lot of upside potential. That's gas products. It's residential, standby products, as well as all the wonderful synergies that we think have been available to us around sourcing and operations. And we think we're executing on that. And that really is underpinning, I think, that growth in margins that you're seeing, that expansion of margins, along with, as York pointed out, the top-side growth is also giving us good leverage on that kind of larger fixed operating cost of an international business.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: It's early. I mean, the world market has traditionally been a diesel market. And so, getting those types of products in the hands of distributors and our distribution and channel partners and getting them to understand the differences, and, frankly, obviously, the benefits of gas that we experience here in the U.S. I mean, the U.S. market is pretty well developed that way. And the growth rates for gas in the U.S. market over the last 20 years, have been about double that of the traditional diesel market. We think that that same type of growth rate'll play out globally, but it's going to take time. We've always said it's a long-term story, and we're in this for the long term. But we had to have the distribution and we had to have the local footprints, really, to enable that. And so, we're in the very early innings of enablement there, and what we've been working on, really, to this point, is squeezing out all the synergies around the existing product lines that these subsidiaries have. And I think we've been reasonably successful in that regard. And then, I have think having them be part of a larger organization and focused kind of on a global execution has helped them to grow their top lines as well, which again is helping leverage the operating cost structure.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Everything we see there when we talk to our customers – and we are a supplier to all of the major national account customers, as well as all of our smaller independent channel partners, is that the market, the end market, is strong. So their utilization rates are up, which is helping prop up rental rates, which obviously gives them a lot of confidence in continuing to invest in their fleets. And I would say that I think in a typical refresh cycle, maybe we'd be later innings, but I think in this particular refresh cycle, the uniqueness of that almost two-year period of deferral of CapEx spending by many of these customers has created a situation where the refresh cycle just has to go longer. So I think for us, we see it as being very solidly kind of middle innings. And then, we've got, obviously, on the backside of that, the opportunity with oil and gas. And as higher energy prices continue to be supportive of those activities, in particular, we're seeing marked interest from the specialty rental companies that serve those markets. And that's been a welcome addition to the recovery there.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Thanks, Jeff. So on the channel inventories discussion, I think you hit it squarely on the head. We've said we've struggled to catch up all year, and with portable generators in particular, that's been the case. It's been a very strong year for portable gens, especially coming off of the nor'easters late in Q1, which really we were still struggling at that point to replenish off of last fall's active hurricane season. So the channel inventories for portable generators still, in our view, are below where they need to be. Now, we're catching up. We expect that the third quarter, and our guidance reflects this, that the channel inventories will return to a more appropriate level for a season. So you'll see some more of that channel refill in Q3. And I also mentioned we've got some unique things going on as well in the second half around new product rollouts and some additional shelf space wins, some placement that we got that we need to put stock in for. So we're going to continue to have, I think, a pretty decent year around port gens, and our guidance reflects that. On home standby, those channel inventories, it's interesting. They're lower in kind of aggregate. And in terms of the number of days of inventory, they're quite a bit lower and, in particular, when you look at certain regions. We mentioned significant strength in activations and interest in the product in the Southeast and the Northeast regions. Those regions are particularly low in inventory. So, we are working hard with our partners to get product in those markets. And I think that even in the other regions, I would say, that they're maybe adequate going into season, but I wouldn't say that they're, by any means, over-filled. On your second part of your question on the promotion, the 10-year warranty promotion, that we've running or that (32:21) we're currently running, that's a national promo. We plan our promo schedule far in advance, but that's a national promo. And while there are certain regions that are very strong, as we just talked about, that, being on a national basis, continuing to raise awareness for the category, is a really important element of growing the home standby baseline level of demand that we've talked about. And so, we feel that the 10-year extended warranty promo is a very cost effective way to continue to do that. And I think that that's something that our channel partners, in particular, it helps them get excited about the category. It helps them maybe tip potential future owners of the product category who might be on the fence. It helps them tip them over into the buying category. So we think it's an important thing to continue to promote. We have to be smart, obviously. And as we've mentioned in some of our other remarks, we've been able to improve our pricing power this year on the back of a stronger market, but you still need to promote the category. And, in particular, a category like this, where perpetration rates are low, we've got to get that baseline demand to continue to grow in the absence of events. And so we think that promoting is still an important part of that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's like a moving target. I mean, I woke up this morning and, all of a sudden, the $200 billion list is being contemplated going from 10% to 25%. So I hesitate to give a number. I think the important element of this is that the impact, we believe there's enough mitigation strategies around combinations of pricing, resourcing, substitution of materials, potential operational changes and things of that nature, that we're going to fully offset this. And, obviously, it's an exercise that all companies that have any kind of importation have to go through, but it is what it is. We have to go through it and we have to figure out how to offset it. And we're working very hard. We're pushing our team very hard to do that. And that's obviously at the same time here, we're faced with rising demand across all of our end markets, so we're also working with supply chain to make sure we can satisfy that additional demand. So there's a lot of things going on, a lot of moving pieces, but I just hesitate to throw a number out. And I know others have, but I don't know the timing of when they're going to go in, and I don't even know what the number's going to be anymore, because it keeps changing. So until things get settled on that front, I think when we get better views on what the actual numbers are, we'll share that when we feel confident we think we know it. But I think important thing is whatever it is, we're going to fully offset it.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: And I mean, obviously, Charley, there are some areas where pricing can be harder to get, like we've got national account customers that you've got some, I won't call it contractual, but obviously, there are fees that were pinned around pricing, whether it be national rental accounts or whether it be some of our telecom customers. And so we have to work a little bit harder on those types of product lines to get cost out, as opposed to putting price in. But for the most part, most of our channel partners, they're either experiencing it themselves in terms of the inflationary pressures around everything from commodities to wages, to all the other inputs. But, as York said, I think one of the successful strategies that we've employed historically here is with new product launches. Innovation, I think the vitality of our new products is an incredibly important part of how we continue to give our customers additional value, but also in the same manner, we're able to get some pricing out of that. So I think that's been an historical hallmark of our company. And we're not going to slow down on that because we think it's an important part of the value of Generac.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, Charley, we've often said the useful life of the products are between 15 and 20 years, if they're well maintained. And they're like a furnace or other connected home appliance or system. The category is about 20 years old now. We're coming up on what would be, roughly, the 20-year anniversary of really kind of launching it more mainstream. And we're starting to see, very small numbers, but we are seeing replacement numbers. We do track it. And every quarter that we go out and we track it, it ticks up a little bit. And at some point, it'll be something maybe more meaningful, but today, it's still very early. I do think that per my comments before, as we continue to innovate, the WiFi connectability feature that we added. We've heard from some certain customers, that they really desire that feature. And if they have an older product, even if it's not at end of life, they may be considering an upgrade because that's an important feature for them. And some of the older products just don't have that capability, not at least cost-effectively. So I think that things like that, as we innovate around the category, introduce new features like WiFi connectability, that also should maybe speed up some of that replacement cycle that I think that is out there in the future for us.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: You could take Florida as an example. And, Brian, I think it's really hard. We've tried to do this internally, because obviously we want to be able to more accurately project the impact of different events. But the attribution analysis, if I can use the terminology, of trying to attribute a sale back to a particular single event is really difficult, right? So take Florida. We had Matthew come through and kind of skirt the coast the year before. So maybe some people lost power for a brief period of time, but that second event, which may have been Irene or some of the other storms that came through, was that the tipping point for somebody? I don't know. Do you attribute that back to a storm in 2017 or do you attribute it back to something before that? Same thing is true in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico had some power quality issues well before the hurricane activity last year. They had a bankrupt utility company serving the island, and so a lot of power quality issues that have plagued the island. And so was the active hurricane season with just the massive tragedy there of having power be out for so long, is that the attribution or is it all the other things added up? So I think it's really, really hard for us to say with any degree of certainty. So we really don't do that because we can look at what activations do year-over-year and we can see regionally that the Southeast is up very nicely over last year. We can see the Northeast is up as well. We know that those increases are due to an acceleration of penetration in those markets because of the specific major events or specific events that have occurred, but it's really hard to kind of attribute that at any local level.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Well, you've got the portable headwind, which is going to be, in the absence of another event, I think we're really pleased with, obviously, the strength that portables have displayed so far this year. And as our prepared remarks around home standby, as you noted, we said it was going to actually be up in the back half of the year, which was not the original guide. I mean, there's still a fair amount of port gens that we have to comp against in --
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: There's a couple of states that are reviewing it, Brian, and I think on the back of what Florida did. We still believe that there's probably an opportunity at a national level to improve the regulations. The HVAC loads, the air conditioning and heating loads, really are the issue that are central to the changes Florida made by adding a livable temperature range around their regulations. And so by doing that, in effect, they've made the HVAC loads deemed critical in that regulation. And so we have seen a couple of other states, Oklahoma has a proposal out there. There's a couple others where there's some talk, but beyond that, we think maybe others are probably going to wait for the next national code cycle, which is a three-year cycle. So it'd be coming up in the next couple of years. And I think it's something that all states should consider, and certainly at a national level should be considered, given the risks associated with not having temperature control available when power is out.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: That you're referring to some of those other periods, Ross. But it's just a little bit different pacing this year as a result of that. And I think we're reflecting that in our guidance.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, Ross, we don't comment specifically on our individual customers' plans, but there are a number of customers. I would say you're right. The market, there's a fair amount of consolidation, but there are still a number of major players there. And I would say some of those major players have been advancing the hardening of their networks, as we refer to it, relative to protecting them from outages. And it's an investment cycle. It does cycle. We've seen it as high – as we said before, it was a meaningful part of our C&I business back in the 2013 and 2014 time period. And it has done that before, even prior to us being a public company. We have been serving this market for nearly 30 years now. So we see cycles. And it feels to us like we're in the early stages of another investment cycle here. Some of that is being spurred by 5G investment. Some of it is simply the need to continue to protect these networks. As more and more critical communications go across wireless networks, making sure those networks are backed up and making sure they're protected is beyond just the simple annoyance of not being able to make a phone call. I mean, there's a lot of critical data and voice that's going across these networks and I think the network operators themselves would tell you that aside from that, it's the lost revenue opportunity of being down with an outage. Outages are a fact of life. I was amazed. I was watching a baseball game the other night and there was a half hour power outage at Dodger Stadium. And just clear blue sky and power goes out. And these things happen. They take down the networks, the telecom networks, around them the same way they do the lights in a stadium. So, that provides for a very serious problem, obviously, for first responders and other people who really depend on those networks for just the critical nature of them.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's a great question and one that we've debated internally here. I think, obviously, one of the strengths of our residential business is that network. And we've invested heavily in that network, in terms of training them on the home standby category, how to sell it, how to install it, how to service it, how to monetize it in preventative maintenance contracts and things down the line. And we've talked a lot about are there other product categories that we could put into that channel that could become an acquisition target. And frankly, what we struggled with in that kind of thought process is diluting their focus on the opportunity that is residential standby. It's such a small penetration rate today, and there's so much opportunity we believe to continue to grow that. It's almost like we don't want to introduce something that could dilute their focus. A lot of our dealers, a lot of our contractors are small, one and two-man teams. And so their bandwidth, their capacity to add other things is somewhat limited, actually. I mean, right now, in particular, they're very busy with new housing construction being on the rebound. There's a lot of remodeling going on. There's no shortage of potential projects for them to work on. And, in fact, it's the inverse. There's actually a labor shortage. There's less people going into the contractor trades today. So I think we're being very sensitive and very careful about not diluting their focus by introducing a number of other products. Now, if we came across something that had margin profiles similar to where we're at today with home standby and something that we felt just was a can't miss kind of thing, obviously, we'd look at it, but nothing to this point has crossed our radar that would shake us from the path that we're on there.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to reporting our third quarter 2018 earnings results, which we anticipate will be sometime in early November. Thank you.
Charles Brady: Hey, Aaron, the commentary around the fact you're getting pricing and just you commented a moment ago about offsetting, mitigating the tariffs, but it sounds like you're being pretty successful at putting through price. I'm just wondering maybe a little more granularity on that. Is that across the board? Are you seeing it stronger or maybe more importantly perhaps, are there areas where you're struggling a little bit more to get price? I would have thought maybe you would have had a little bit more of a headwind on that, but sounds like it's not the case.
Charles Brady: Yeah, thanks, got it. And just on the commentary of outage activity being above average right now, can you give any sense as to, I guess, in the first half, how much above that long-term average is it and defined by how you folks track it, and kind of where you see the second half going on that? I mean, I know it's hard to predict. I'm just trying to get a sense of when things were going tough and we were well below average, it was obviously a focal point. Now we're above average. I'm just trying to gauge how much above that average we're at right now.
Charles Brady: Thanks. And, Aaron, I just wonder, on a bigger picture, longer-term basis on home standby, the install base continues to grow. At some point, these reach end of useful life, and you start entering more of a replacement cycle for that install base. Any sense as to kind of where we are in that and does it help you any with the underlying growth right now or is still just too early in the install base of those cutting over still too small? (39:38-39:44)
