York Ragen: Good morning and welcome to our third quarter 2012 earnings call. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today’s call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I’ll now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: Yeah, Charlie that was kind of a long lines of our comments. What we meant by national account customers was, we are a primary supplier to the telecommunications industry and if you’ve been following along with the – the power outages out east I mean obviously that the a lot of those companies are having difficulties as well, both for flooding and loss of power. And it’s estimated that upwards 25% of the cell phone capacity or mobile phone capacity, wireless capacity is offline. Right now, as we stand out on the East Coast in the affected areas, we do believe and have seen indications that the telecommunications customers that we serve in those markets are going to be improving their purchase activity here in the fourth quarter. Certainly, and then to your point of our mobile products, we definitely do see a bit of influx of orders around mobile gens, when we get events like this a lot of that is around, the immediacy of needs for those types of products. And then also what we tend to see with our national account customers there, the big rental yards oftentimes, it gives them an opportunity to do a change of equipment. They’ll oftentimes sell older pieces of equipment off and kind of refresh their fleets at a little bit faster rate as a result of maybe a higher use – higher level of utilization of these products over the next couple of months.Charles Brady – BMO Capital Markets:  Great. Thank you.
York Ragen: Right. I mean that’s the question, I think is on not only your mind, Chris, but ours as well. I think it’s a little too early to tell just based on, we are not sure how long these outages going to last. The duration of an outage, obviously the severity of an outage is a few components. It’s – how many people are impacted, but it’s really also for long they’re impacted. And so the longer the outages go, power is fully restored by tomorrow and the duration is shorter, that could have an impact on the, what we refer to sometimes as the afterglow of demand that we see generally on home standby. I would also like to point out though that there are really few impacts from these kinds of events. We have an immediate impact with portable generators. We are North America’s number one share of in terms of brand – brand share of portable generators in terms of producers. And we see an immediate impact from that right away and we’ll see that here in the fourth quarter. That dies [ph] down immediately, there is a little bit, there is some replenishment of stock, that’ll occur may be in the first half of next year, but the bulk of that demand surge will occur here in the fourth quarter almost immediately and has already occurred. The afterglow with home standby because that’s a – there is a – that’s a research purchased it’s a – for longer sales cycle. There is – there is a lot more things involved there, so it’s a bigger ticket item. There is building permits to pull when homeowners want to go through project like that. And so that afterglow can last between six and twelve months after this type of event. So, again, a lot of that is going to depend, we’ll watch our order rates, we’ll see how it settles out. I do believe the one thing that could push this maybe towards the back half of that six to twelve months period in terms of being longer in duration is the fact that we’ve had a number of these outrages kind of one after another here over the last 14 months.
York Ragen: Yeah. It’s, whether it’s fortune or not, I mean certainly not fortunate for people who are going through outage, but from our standpoint we’ve had – we’ve gotten quite a bit of practice that going through this in terms of testing the capacity of our supply chain, making sure we understand the ability of our supply chain to hit higher levels of output and so that’s been something that we’ve been very focused on the last year. Additionally, as we’ve said – we’ve said kind of all long, we felt that organically this is pretty Magnum, we felt that we could achieve about $1 billion in sales with our – our current manufacturing footprint of about 1 million square feet. We did add quite a bit to that when we bought Magnum, but we recently we added another facility here, we bought a facility in September ahead of all of this, kind of thinking longer-term, and we’re going to bring that facility online later next year in 2013. We’ve actually accelerated our plan to bring that facility online towards the beginning of plan 2013. So, we believe with supply chain, the addition of manufacturing capacity here in the U.S. and also we will go out and watch the higher people as well, then we’re going to be very well positioned to take that next leg of growth up and handle that really without – without any kind of a hiccup.
York Ragen: Yeah. The 2.5% is the pretty recent number. We updated that early this year, so it did reflect at least some of the Irene demand, that’s something that we track again very closely. And again our addressable market as we define it. Jeff, just to remind you, is a single family unattached housing stock, greater than a $100,000 in value, which is about 50 million U.S. homes. So every 1% of penetration is about a half-a-million homes. We use an average sell price at retail of about $4,000, so that’s the 2 billion market opportunity number that we’ve talked about in our prepared remarks. As far as other – looking at areas, kind of area by area or state by state in terms of penetration, which we track, we’ve got some states that are clearly more further along that penetration curve than the 2.5% average. States like Florida where you would expect, some coastal areas, New York is approaching something that’s – it’s not at – it’s not 4%, but it’s not – it’s greater than 2.5%, somewhere between there. States like Illinois that has poor power quality and Michigan also are a little bit further along in the penetration curve kind of in that low-to-mid single digits at 4% to 5% range. But we have a lot of states that really – I mean when you look at the states that just – they are – just really still very, very underpenetrated. And then, a lot of states are right around that 2.5% range. So again we just think there is a tremendous amount of opportunity in this category. It’s really only a decade old and something that we feel that – the power quality in the United States is really unbelievably poor. We traveled the world and there are places, around the world where people just can’t understand in U.S. how we can have the kind of issues of power quality we have. Now, we do have some unique situation around just the geography and the climate that we deal within the United States that make that more challenging and make it so that our grid is mainly above ground in lot of areas, but the chief cause there is it is under invested in, and that underinvestment has created just a very frail and fragile system that continues to suffer from outages.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay, great. I’ll get back in queue, thanks.
York Ragen: Yeah, so when you – when we think of the power washer market from a retail standpoint, we look at – and this is – this will be gas-powered washed. We see that as a market that’s somewhere in the $800 million range – a $700 million-$800 million range from a market standpoint. It’s a market that – it’s actually kind of gone through, this year was a drought. So droughts are not favorable to power washers because of water restriction. So, that’s something that actually hurt the market this year and I think the leaders in that market will tell you that. We’ve got very small piece. We used to be the leader in that market. We sold that business. It’s dominated by couple of others out there, who do a very good job, serving the market. We believe there is room for growth there in innovation, which is what I spoke to in our prepared remarks. We’re not going to break up the sales individually here on the quarter. But I will say this, as we said in the prepared remarks, we believe that with some of the innovation we’re bringing to market by 2013 and based on conversations we’ve had with our channel partners there. And in particular what we debut at the Lawn and Garden Show at Louisville last week, we’ve got some new products there. We’ve got some channel partners that are excited about this. We believe we are going to be a player in this market going forward. We are committed to doing it. We think there is a lot of opportunity to with innovation to, not only to increase the size of the market, but frankly to increase the average sell price of these products. Unfortunately, the market over the last several years has been a bit of raise to the bottom with average sell price. And we believe with innovation, we can create in the minds of consumers than in the minds of our channel partners a better value, a product that has more feature and benefit and can absorb a higher retail price point. [ph] Jury is out on that. We’ll see if that – for theory supported going forward. But we believe innovation is a key to that no matter what product we’re talking about, but certainly in this power washer category.
York Ragen: We wish we could get them to tell us a lot more. Unfortunately, the planning cycle there – we – I’m not sure that they are completely done yet frankly and that might be why we don’t get a lot of insight. Although in years passed, it’s been difficult to get quite a bit of information, they can give their CapEx planning at large levels. We get sound bites of what those CapEx levels look like, but unfortunately if you doesn’t filter down necessarily to exactly how that translates out into generator purchases. So, we can just look what we’re seeing right now, Jeff, and what we can tell you is that interest has increased for those products with 25% of the wireless capacity offline as a result of the events out there, some of it, not all related to power losses, of course flooding and everything else being part of that. But certainly that puts pressure on carriers to make sure that they’ve got robust plans to have their networks up time be a lot greater than they are today when events like this happen. So, we think that, that’s going to be a net positive for us with those customers going forward. We stand ready to serve those customers with increased capacity. We’ve got products for all of those customers that we’ve been channel partners with them, and we have been a strong provider of those types of products to the industry for a long time. And there are a lot of Generac backup generators running on cell towers right now today as we speak around East Coast.Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. Thanks, guys.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. It’s a great question, John. We have got and obviously a lot of questions and enquiries on over the last I’d call, you know, four, five days here. Really going back to since last – mid-week last week, when it was pretty clear that all the forecast were kind of aligning to indicate a pretty severe event that was going to occur. We immediately went into a mode where we work with our channel partners to figure out where their inventory positions are. We have inventory station not only here in the Midwest where we have our distribution center, we also have third-party warehouse and logistics companies that we work with across United States, many of those are in the more populated – populous regions in the country, like East Coast. And so, we began immediately shipping products mid-week last week and all the way through this weekend and frankly up and through till today here. Obviously, stock is starting to run low, the portable generators, I think, it would be pretty hard-pressed to find a portable generator anywhere. We do know that our retail partners are bringing portable generators from other regions of the country. And they are now just putting in the logistics to get those generators to the East Coast. The problem is logistics are still very difficult, moving trucks even from the Midwest here out of East Coast has been a challenge. There is a lot of debris on roadways. They are just now getting things opened up with bridges and tunnels in a lot of metropolitan areas of East Coast. And so some of the harder hit areas, it’s a challenge getting the product where it needs to be at this point, but we continue to ramp up our production and send product directionally towards that area.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. It’s – that’s an excellent part of – a great part of that John, I mean it’s a – when these events happen and when they happen in succession, they build on each other and the time period between the events shortens. What is does is it gets people to what we call the tipping point and so each family each person had kind of their own tipping point in terms of where, how they view this category, when their power is out, right. I mean, sometimes people can go an hour, two hours a day, two days, three days and they are not at that tipping point, they go to a second outage and they have an another extended period of time without it. That might get them over the tipping points for some people to third outage or even the fourth outage before they become very interested in the category in serious, serious prospects for a home standby generator. So, when we see events like this happen in kind of serial fashion that they have happened over last 14 call it months out east in the Mid-Atlantic region in particular. That certainly creates an awareness for the category that didn’t exist before and that awareness is going to help us and we’ve seen this over the last decade here. These events happened, they create, we see a spike in sales, that spike in sales settles down and it settles down to a baseline of sales that was higher than the previous baseline prior to the events.John Quealy – Canaccord Genuity, Inc. :
Aaron Jagdfeld: You bet. Thanks, John. So, on the natural gas side, you know again in our prepared remarks, we said our third quarter sales, we actually saw some modest increases in our nat gas shipments year-over-year in the third quarter. We continue to see a trend there with natural gas products. This is a niche market that we been serving for the last 30 years. It’s still a very small piece of the C&I market overall. But one that we do is having the better growth trajectory than traditional diesel solutions, mainly because again the initial capital across of those products up to a certain KW point are lower and the operating costs certainly are lower as well. They have also other inherit benefits. Certainly they are cleaner burning from an emission standpoint. They don’t have a lot of the refueling requirements. So, take for instance a hospital or a commercial application right now in New York City or New Jersey or anywhere out in the East Coast without power. If they have a diesel, traditional diesel generator, the big constraint today is getting fuel to that generator. So everybody has the same constraint at the same time. You have a scarcity of resource in fuel trucks. And frankly fuel delivery mechanisms, which are many times are often, electricity is an important component of that fuel delivery mechanism. In terms of the fuel lifting stations and the pumping stations, some of those stations are off-line as well because they don’t have power or backup power. So diesel fuel becomes scarce to the commodity, the delivery and logistics have become very challenging in the storm, that has all taken away. Natural gas often times during major events and natural gas delivery is uninterrupted. In fact, natural gas becomes more abundant because there are fewer people using it during times of severe crisis. And so, it’s really made these products very attractive for a lot of reasons and we’re really seeing that pickup here in last few years.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Morning Jerry.Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs & Co:  I’m wondering if you talked about your capacity to deliver standby [ph] products [indiscernible] potential winter storm activity. If you could just give us some update on where lead times span today and just quantify for us how much added supply chain capacity you think you have today versus year ago? Thank.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Okay. Thanks, Jerry. So, in terms of just lead times we’re at today, we still do have home standby products available. Certain skews are starting to move into a backlog situation and lead times are moving out to reflect that. We have seen lead times as we saw with Irene. We have lead times get extended. I think what we’ve said about this category is it because it is a longer sale cycle and there is more involved in this process and coordinating the trades and project managing inflation of this, everything from obtaining permits to landing up contractors to the electrical work as well as the natural gas and LP work, it’s involved with the installation of these products. There is a longer cycle and once the storm passes, I think people have made up their mind that there are going to jump into the category and they’ll wait if they need to wait. Obviously, we don’t want them to wait long. We want them to get those products for the next event that may happen given my comments here previously about the fragility of the grid and the susceptibility of two further outages. The ability for us to ramp up as I said before, we’ve been testing our supply chain and pressure testing our supply chain in terms of output increases. Here over the last 14 months, we feel very good about, where we’re at on that. We’ve brought on additional suppliers where we’ve got certain components that we’re still sourced in the past. We’ve gone to duel sourcing. Many of our critical components to make sure that we have adequate supply of those components. Not only to ramp up, but in the event of some unforeseen interruption of supply of a source. So, we feel very good about we are in a supply chain. Our actual constrain was starting to become manufacturing capacity. As I said before, we acquired a plat here recently in September. When we bring that plant online, much quicker that we’d originally thought and we believe that we will be in producing products in that plant and reallocating our production between all our facilities to kind of reflect the additional need of capacity that we’re going to have to serve the market going forward.Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs & Co:  And last year you were able to pick up some portable share because you carried higher inventory during the storm season. How do you think that’s playing out this year? And can you talk about it third quarter end how much portables inventory you had on hand? Thanks.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, that resupply starts – it actually starts immediately. We produce homes – excuse me, we produce portable generators, we’re talking portables now Jerry, we’ve produced portable generators here in the U.S., we also contract manufactures some of those products as well overseas. So – and obviously with regards to supply chain to bring those products online, we’ll produce what we can as quick as we can here for our safety stock levels on raw materials. And so, we’ll start resupplying right away. We’ve ramped up our production levels already over the weekend, as it relates to portable generators. And then we’ll have a resupply process lasting over the next 4 to 12 weeks, we’ll see quite a bit of stock coming into the marketplace, and we’ll see how the market absorbs that. We think that generally what we see after events like this is a fairly knee-jerk reaction by channel partners. They tend to go heavier on stock for the next season after going through major events. So what that means for next year’s stocking. It could – could it be greater than this year? I don’t know if it’s going to be greater than this year, we will have kind of the same effect last year. We had another event in 2011 that led to a pretty strong stocking here in 2012. It could – I think, it’s going to look at least similar here in – going into 2013.Jerry Revich – Goldman Sachs & Co:  Thank you.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, no – I mean, it’s an excellent point Brian and one that – we would have to dig in deeper into those outage numbers. I’m sure that the 5.8 million or the nearly 6 million we saw on Irene had a bit of that as well. I’ll go to your point, I do believe the New York Metro area in particular, New Jersey Metro area is in particular where you’ve got – those are not necessarily prospects for this product category. It quite higher concentration in this outage event than there was, so perhaps the 8 million in relation to the 6 million maybe a bit overstated, you’re just looking a raw percentage increase. I think it’s a fair point.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, the Australian agreement that we signed with the company by name of Allpower, we signed that last quarter, we made that announcement, that was going to roll here late in the fourth quarter. We’re on target to achieve our rollout plans. We’re excited about that market. We do caution people, it’s a relatively small market in relation with the U.S., but again it’s the market that today the home standby generator category frankly doesn’t exist like commercial markets don’t exist. They have diesel generators as you would expect all over the world. Portable generators are another opportunity for us in Australia as well. We’re excited about our international efforts, Australia notwithstanding. Latin America continues to be a focal point for us. We’ve made some significant investments organically. We’d love to see that market growth faster for us. Organic growth in international markets is a difficult thing. There is no question about it. It takes a lot of resources and it’s going to build – it’s going to take time to build that out. But we are very focused on it and I think for us, getting on board with a cultural change of getting outside of U.S. market with our products both from a design standpoint as well as support and distribution standpoint have been very – those have been critical hurdles for us to overcome, because we haven’t have to do them before. We’re not a large multinational company today and we want to become one in the future. We think that we have a fantastic opportunity over the long term to get the Generac brand and to do something very special with it worldwide, similar to what we were trying to do here at North America with that or in the U.S. market with the Generac brand. But it’s going to take time and it’s going to take – it’s going to take a fair amount of resources and that is reflected in our increase on an absolute basis the operating expense, as the business have gone up, as we’ve made investments in things like international expansion.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Great. Thank you. We really like to thank everybody for joining us this morning and just one last quick reminder that again we have an investor day for the company next week on November 8th. So, we intend to detail out more of our Powering Ahead growth strategy a little bit more of a granular level and we look forward to discussing that with those of you that will be in attendance. Thank you again this morning.
