York Ragen: Thank you. Good morning. And welcome to our third quarter 2013 earnings call. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation, as well as other information provided from time to time by Generac or its employees, may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we’ll make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today’s call. Additional information regarding these measures including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I’ll now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: And so, when we look at all of those figures and we haven’t reported them publicly but we have seen growth in what we -- what I think you would traditionally referred to as a same-store sales type number. So we are seeing that increase there as well as just raw points as we said, net dealer ads in general as well, so it’s really both.
York Ragen: And then I think really it’s a function of once you do all the math on our guidance and you’d see a bit of a mix shift there between C&I and resi. So I think that mix shift would have an impact. And I think that’s the biggest piece of it, Mike, to be fair.
York Ragen: Yes. We’ve got some, I guess what we call more opportunists. We have a formal hedging program. We’ve some opportunistic hedges out there, but they are more short-term in nature and more modest in nature. And so I guess I wouldn’t say that we’re locked in on copper at today’s levels.
York Ragen: When we talk about organic growth for C&I in the that high 30% range, so if we would grew 62% in C&I, the delta there would be acquisitions, Jeff.
York Ragen: Yes. Chris, this is York. We are pulling those numbers here, now so we haven’t commented on 2014 margins. At this point, we haven’t given any guidance on 2014 or so. We are still pulling out to get ourselves, so it would be pretty mature to have comment on 2014 margins.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Because the $5.6 million that we referred to in the prepared remarks was really what, I guess what you say as sort of the one-offs, maybe non-run rateable reversal of the warranty reserves. So that’s where I think we try to recalibrate on a normalize basis, backing that out about 1.5% impact on margin.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. I think you can see that, because margins -- operating expense improved about 230 basis points and that impact of that reserve reversal was about 150 basis points, so we improved rate going forward.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. Sorry, we don’t break out portables in home standby. But I mean from a market share gain perspective, we continue to see our share. I think we spoke publicly last year and on quarterly calls previously. We felt that our share was somewhere in that low 20% to approaching mid 20% range and we feel like we’re probably gaining. Obviously the growth in that share has slowed as we kind of approach, maybe more of steady state here of kind of that mid to upper 20% range of share. But we have picked up, we believe a few more points here on the quarter just year-over-year.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, as I said, we had very strong organic growth on C&I. It was probably in that high 30% range so and we saw strong growth there, highlighted by what I talked about from those national count customers, seeing significant capital spending from those national count customers.
Aaron Jagdfeld: No. Again, we don’t break up the different verticals just from a competitive standpoint, but it’s obviously an important part of our C&I business and was a driver as we mentioned.
Aaron Jagdfeld: No. We saw growth. As we mentioned in our prepared remarks, even in our -- the light commercial products continue to do very well, the natural gas products for small footprint retail. Those are really not telecom oriented. So broadly, we saw also with our Magnum business, the large national rental accounts were also pretty good purchasers of equipment in the quarter. So that’s something that -- those things were all drivers basically.
Aaron Jagdfeld: No. Inventories are definitely heavier. They’re seasonally appropriate ahead of events, but as you indicated they are having -- it’s been a pretty quite season thus far. So inventory in the channel for portable generators is at elevated levels. And I wouldn’t say they are beyond seasonally appropriate, but should we not -- should have remained quiet for the balance of the season here. We’ll go through the normal destocking effort a couple of quarters, is an appropriate way to think about that. So that’s the way we think about it when we plan for it. We plan not only -- but we’ve gotten our inventories here but also in the channel. We look at it in totality and then we decide kind of we’ll make a -- take a call on what we think the season is going to look like and we plan accordingly. And if you don’t get a season, you just have to burn that off. Again, for my comments about increased shelve space and market share, we’ve got the placement to be able to do that. So it doesn’t concern us. We’ll monetize the inventory and we’ll adjust our purchases and manufacturing accordingly if the season remains quiet.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, I mean the new higher baseline comments is the one that we’ve actually used over the years, because I think it -- as we’ve said when you have a category and I’m referring to home standby generators now. When you have a category of product like that, that’s really in its infancy, it’s an emerging categories. Another word, we’ve referred to it as -- it takes a while to spool that up in terms of penetration rates. And you can look back at other installed home products as proxies over the years whether you are talking about home security or whether you are talking about central air-conditioning and it takes a period -- it takes, frankly a long period of time to ramp up penetration rates. In our world, what you’ll see from time to time is these accelerated points of adoption along the curve and that is really the result of large scale kind of large awareness events or ravage events things like Sandy or Irene, which can accelerate the adoption rates, so they could go faster for a period of time and then you kind of fall into a new, as we referred to it a new and higher base line level of demand. You can’t hold on to that demand or a good part of that demand. And the reasons for that as we’ve talked in the past, it’s that distribution that we’re expanding, right. So now you’ve got distribution points in markets that tier two, four haven’t had distribution and you’ve got increased awareness in general so. And the category is still very much word of mouth. It’s still very much in a vital marketing phase, so as one person gets one of these products and there are maybe five or six or ten neighbors around them to see that product and the next time there is an outage in their local neighborhood, their house is the only one that’s lit up. It’s takes on kind of a viral type of approach in terms of the next home owner that buys. And that’s really what is at the heart of our direct marketing strategies with our amp -- simulation of our amp data and some of the other sales and marketing initiatives we have been working on. But that’s really my comment on the new and higher baseline. Its grows and kind of holds until you get the next catalyst and there is some seasonality certainly in that as well that you will see from quarter-to-quarter, but that’s really what the comments about.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. The claims experience rates as York is indicating and the application of that, there is two pieces to it, right. There is the application that lower claims rate again -- that lower experience rate against future sales as you accrue warranty dollars in the future but then there is a release of the reserves which is really the adjustment that we talked about here.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Non run ratable piece that we talked about and that’s, so it’s really two pieces to moving warranty but…
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. We’ve got some things to work through yet, towards closing so we are kind of in between signing and close here just documents and things to need to get buttoned up but more we would hope within the next 30 days that we are closed on the deal.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. Ottomotores is much more of a commercial and industrial focused business. So, longer term you can see impact from outage events on commercial and industrial but it doesn’t have -- they don’t have portable generators that they manufacture and sell in that business at this point. We are expanding our own distribution of portables and home standbys into Mexico through Ottomotores. It’s a part of the synergies that we like about that business that gives us a platform. But obviously those products are sold mainly through retail and we have to build those relationships. So there will be no -- you wouldn’t expect any major near-term impact from that, maybe longer-term impact on the C&I business and Ottomotores.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So Mike, this is Aaron. Strategically, Baldor -- we had made a strategic decision internally as part of Powering Ahead and as part of our efforts to -- in particularly, in Powering Ahead to increase our share of the C&I market. That’s really the strategic objective we’re after here. And we were going to do that organically. And as we looked at the cost of that and the time it takes to do that organically, when this asset became available, we saw an opportunity to accelerate that. And so, again, they were purpose-built facility. It’s actually here in Wisconsin, which fits our footprint very well. But the underpinning of why we even wanted to get into the higher power ranges and get up against some of the bigger guys in the market, there is for us to be, I think, to have full mindshare with distribution in the Commercial and Industrial market. So we’ve got 42 dealers in the U.S. And they get full mindshare from these dealers. They’re generator dealers. And so they all power ranges because they’re generator guys. They don’t just sell up to 600KW or approach the over 600KW market in the way we do with our modular solution, which fits certain applications but not all. We saw that really the only path for us if we’re going to be serious about C&I going forward is that we have to be a full-line provider. We have to have a 100% of their mindshare, because we couldn’t let them buy those higher power range products from guys like Baldor or others and because Baldor has a full line as well. So it’s kind of, what we refer to as camel’s nose under the tent in terms of -- you can’t allow another OEM into your distribution to sell part of the product line. So it really takes away from your ability to get that deal or focused on everything that you want to focused on 100% and invest in Generac business as opposed to Generac and others. So that was really the genesis of the strategic thinking behind it and again the timing was just accelerated here with Baldor assets becoming available.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. We -- again we did a lot of diligence on this on the front end but Baldor has pretty good name in the market place in our market place relatively to the product quality. They do manufacture not only standby rate of machines, but prime duty machines as well and that usually where you’re going to see a prime duty machine typically would be outside the U.S.  Now most of their volumes in the U.S. and Canada where you see prime duty equipment inside the U.S. and Canada is going to be in the oil field services, its going to be in the energy production sectors where those piece of equipment are running either 24/7 or close to it where you totally power not available and so you have to have a quality machine to that. And so that -- the engineering efforts, the design, the manufacturing that they put into that product to make it that robust extensions through also into their standby products. So what we feel we’re getting here is the high quality product line that we think we can do some things with both from a revenue synergy as I indicated with combining a distribution in our prepared remarks but then on the cost side, we continue to position ourselves as a more significant purchaser from a sourcing standpoint not only diesel engines but other components that you would find typically in a generator. We also have the ability we think to extend some of the things that we do vertically from a vertical innovation standpoint into these products to help lean out the product cost structure for the Baldor product line and then again to play on the back of manufacturing and sourcing scale. We think there is some good cost synergies opportunities there once we close. It’s still pretty early as we indicated in the comments but when we get there, hopefully next quarter, we will give people a better steer on what we are thinking about for synergies for that business.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think from a peer -- it’s a great question Jerry. From a peer U.S. and Canada domestic market, if you will, standpoint as it relates to the one strategic objective that we have which is to increase our C&I market share, I think the Baldor acquisition certainly puts us on a pathway there. There could be other ancillary type of products that refer more to the generator space that might be interesting but frankly that I think we are closing in on kind of being where we want to be there from that strategic objective. From a diversification strategic objective and then also expanding geographies which are two other legs of the stool, there are plenty of other assets and other companies for us to continue to consider. Our M&A pipeline is still very full. We think that there are opportunities to kind of continue to build that out. Other products that could fit into the distribution that we built here either through the Magnum distribution in the rental markets or through our own distribution here on the C&I side. And then certainly internationally, there are whole regions of the world where we’re really not attacking yet aggressively, southeastern Asia. We’ve got a toehold in Europe now in Tower Light, but that’s really on a -- that’s a mobile construction equipment play. We really haven’t sought for stationary power generation yet. So there are ton of opportunities. The western hemisphere we’re getting better with Ottomotores. We’ve got Brazil. We’ve just reconstituted the Ottomotores Brazil entity. We combined it with Tower Light out of Brazil entity. We combined those entities and created a Generac Brazil entity which is a new entity down there, which got a facility and it’s got staff. And then we’ve got our -- obviously our facilities to Mexico through Ottomotores. But I look out and I see a lot of opportunity yet in our pipeline. We’re being pretty aggressive on that. And obviously with our free cash flow characteristics, we think that continued to put the cash flow to work in this manner to accelerate our Powering Ahead plan is a good use of cash.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, I mean Ottomotores, I’ll focus on that first. We haven’t broken out Tower Light but it is, as we said I think publicly, it’s a good, very good margin business, Tower Light, much better than what you would see traditionally here in the U.S. in a mobile equipment company. But in Ottomotores, as we said before that was a business we bought that had been underinvested in. This product cost structure was not as lean as we would have liked to see in it. We’ve done some rationalization of the manufacturing footprint. They already were moving in the right direction I think to get that to lean that out. And we are bullish on where the synergies could go with that business. I think we publicly stated $2 million in cost synergies for Ottomotores. We feel like we are definitely on track with that. But what we learned even with Magnum, as an example, that was an acquisition we did two years ago is that when you get into second and then ultimately the third year that’s where you start to I think really sharpen your pencil when it comes to other potential synergies. And we think that will be the case as well with Ottomotores as we go forward and lean out that cost structure and really start to use our scale, our new found scale here in purchasing and manufacturing to the benefit of that business from a margin standpoint.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Actually -- we mentioned in our remarks that standby is going to be actually up in the fourth quarter. So we are actually expecting that to be up. We do expect again to -- from a seasonal standpoint if it remains a quiet season here for the balance, the fourth quarter from a portable generator standpoint, we would see further declines in the run rates on portable generators in the fourth quarter. And then you -- we are formulating working through our guidance in 2014 right now pursuant to all my comments both prepared and here in Q&A. We’ve got a tremendous amount of initiatives that we’ve been focused on to drive the company forward. You look at the residential, let’ say, new and higher base line we talk about all the things from app to PowerPlay to are in commercial, the power you control in commercial that launched here in May. Those things are all having an impact we believe on that base line and on extending the awareness here of portable -- excuse me -- our standby generators. But when we get around to the fourth quarter result that’s when we give a much tighter read on guidance. Certainly seasonality, if we get a quite period, I think the one thing we would say, we get a quite season here seasonality from a quarterly basis 2014, we probably look a lot like what it has in the past without storms. So last year was different because you are coming around from storm. 2011 was different because you are coming off of Irene. So I don’t think you’d expect the same type of seasonality with respect to the quarterly numbers as it relates to residential, if we have a continued quite period here this season.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So what we’ve said with respect to dealer ads, we’ve always reported those numbers on a net basis. I would tell you this, John, we haven’t seen anything out of the ordinary return that would create an issue for us there that we foresee at this point. So that’s pretty consistent. But what I would say is -- and we said in our comments, we’ve added -- we’ve got 1,000 net dealer adds since the end of 2011. And that’s -- when you look at that, I mean there is a material increase in our base offering about 5,200 today. So essentially we are in the low 4,000s at that point and that end of 2011. And we do track on a same-store sale basis as I said previously, we are seeing improvements in top line run rate. From an economic standpoint, the broader the base of product that gets out in the marketplace with 3% penetration today and had it higher, there is a lot of product out there from a service standpoint, service opportunity standpoint both on an annual service basis but we are also -- we are connecting customers who purchased their products through other non dealer channels, we are connecting those to our dealers, because our dealers are best equipped from a training standpoint, a technical ability standpoint to repair, service and maintain products. So if somebody goes and buys a product from a big box retailer or online any of the many other channels where they are available that’s great. We give great accessibility to product but at the end of the day it is a mechanical product and does need to be serviced. That’s really the economics for the dealer. And so improving profitability, I think it’s going to be a direct result of the increase in base of product that’s out there and available to be serviced.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. Mobilink is exceeding our expectations here in the first year of the launch. We just launched that product earlier in 2013 here. And that is a great way for people to interact with the product, text messages, email, they can go online. We’ve got some other development around that product. That type of remote monitoring is really the class of product that we’re talking about there. And its -- really it’s a revenue model that we haven’t had here. We’re dealing directly with end consumers. We’re selling the service, if you will. In a lot of cases, the service in the first year has given away free as a way to entice people to get kind of soak into the product here and get used to using it. But we think there’s been a nice take rate so far on it. We like the product. We’re looking to expand it other places and do some other things with it going forward. And we see -- there’s an opportunity to build not only better customer interaction with the product, but also a revenue model there that is a much more recurring revenue stream than we’ve had in anything we do there other than maybe service parts. But it’s very much in infancy and as it matures, I’m excited about where that could go.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So, Jeff I think, probably I’m not going to give you any new here, other than what’s in my prepared remarks. But just that the fact that, when you combine all those things, right, I mean, those are all new programs. I think you just mentioned and there is the third one which is the infomercial as well. So you take AMP, you take PowerPlay, you take the infomercial, both AMP and PowerPlay were kind of in testing phase late last year, fully rolled out here beginning of the year and then the power you control in infomercial are direct response. TV campaign was rolled in May. When you put all of that together, I think its having -- everything is the evidence that we show. Obviously, we’re looking at closure rates on at the dealer level. And the impact of those tools that were giving people and those marketing initiatives and what we’re definitely seeing that our closure rates is a result, we believe of those items. And that’s why we’re going to continue to focus on those going forward here, through the balance of ‘13 and actually end of ‘14 as well. I think it’s not out of the question to see us do something’s not only to the aggressive level, we’re already doing them, but maybe even further with some of those things. The point here what we’re trying to make is that, obviously you’re going to get events like Sandy. You’re going to get events Irene from time and again that’s just -- that’s the way it works. And that’s going to accelerate adoption rate for the category at points in the curve. But as we build out this base and as it becomes a more mainstream category of product. We think we just got a -- we’ve got a great opportunity here to take and extend the awareness from those types of events but then do some meaningful structural things like what we are doing in a sales and marketing side to keep that running forward on a positive basis. Obviously, we said in our prepared remarks about Q4 and you referenced that as well. And again, I would call out the prior revision or more normal seasonality patterns with these types of products once you get into next year, if the season remains quite, but very bullish on the new baseline that we are building at this point.
Aaron Jagdfeld: That’s a great question. I haven’t given a tremendous amount of thought. We are in the middle of our planning stage right now. We are having some dialog back and forth with our team here to make sure we’re all aligned on what we do think that is, but I think it’s a meaningful step up. I think part of it is you have to look at, there is a 20% that have adopted, they don’t represent just 20% of the sales. Its generally that the dealers who are more heavily involved in the category from a mind share standpoint, from a staffing standpoint resource standpoint. So that 20% of dealers that have adopted that’s on dealer account basis that represents more than 20% of the dollar. So obviously, there is a point of dimension in terms you push this out and push it out, but you are getting connected to smaller and smaller dealer that’s one side of the coin. The other side of the argument that we make or I would like to make here is that but you don’t know where the next great deal is going to come from, you sign up for dealer and gets involved in category for the first time. If you give that dealer the right tools to be successful. And they are entrepreneurial enough to promote the category, promote the business in there and they do the things that we ask them to do. They could have great success with that. So you can’t just say because they are small dealer today we shouldn’t push it. They could be a big dealer tomorrow as a result of pushing it. So its really -- I don’t want to quote a number at this point but I would think we are going to be pushing hard to a get a number and we will get you something on that when we get to next year.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean we haven’t disclosed revenues for some pretty competitive reasons there but I think obviously as we’ve said, the current businesses is not optimized. I mean so when you look at the profitability of that business today I think we really believe that there is an opportunity to take our scale, to take our manufacturing capabilities to really go after leaning out that product cost structure and doing some things there. There is also some great revenue synergies that, this is the product line that our dealers don’t have access to directly from Generac. They do from others but not all of our dealers are in this market because we don’t offer it. And we are going to have -- we’ll have some nice synergies with that. There’s some great connection of synergies between the Magnum business and the Baldor business relative to the rental markets and the oil and gas markets. We’re really excited about that. We think that there’s an opportunity there to do something that is pretty cool. But the other think I would mention, this is a carve-out of a much bigger business, right. So it’s a -- and we’re buying assets. So it’s a little hard to really kind of look at the true profitably. You can do as much as you can do in diligence to try and figure out what it would run rate too. But at the end of the day until you really get it in-house and we assimilate into our portfolio of both on a facility basis and the way we do manufacturing as well as from a product basis and the way we design products. I think we’ll have a better glimpse ones we get this in closed and get into the next quarter, Jeff, we’ll maybe able to make some more comments on it then.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Obviously, what gets really hard to part on this and we talk about this on other calls is, you’ve had -- so you had -- if you go back, right, we had not only Sandy, we had Irene, we had the snow storm in October Snowtober, I think is referred to. There are the numerous outages out in east coast, smaller to larger. They all build on each other and so to try and parse apart, day flying versus what’s coming off of which outage. I mean what you point to and it’s just really, we try to do that scientifically, we try to do it from a gut perspective and both ways. What we continue to focus on Chris is, is expanding distribution and focusing on the programs and the tools that we put on hand of those dealers that we are putting out on the street to sell our products. And then some of the more, I would say national level on regional level marketing campaigns that we’ve been ramping up here to get the product category in front of more people and explain it to more people but that …
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. To create our own awareness if you will, to create our own storm if you will but that’s really what we are focused on here going forward because that’s -- it’s a really that strategy to sit around and watch the weather channel. I mean that’s not -- that’s not a strategy for our business.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Thank you. We want to thank everyone this morning for joining us. We look forward to discussing our fourth quarter and full year 2013 earnings results which will be out sometime in February of next year. So with that, we thank you.
