York A. Ragen: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter 2016 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time to time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we'll make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. As announced in our earnings press release, this morning, we have changed our segment reporting structure, as a result of the recent Pramac acquisition in March of this year, which doubled our International sales mix and accelerated our strategic plan to expand our business internationally. Going forward, we'll present results under two new reporting segments, Domestic, which represents our businesses based in the U.S. and Canada, and International, which represents the Ottomotores, Tower Light and Pramac acquisitions. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Aaron.
York A. Ragen: So, Jeff – so if we're changing our guidance assumption here that we're laying out here is about a 5% change from prior guidance, I think you're right, a good three quarters of that is C&I related, and about a quarter of that is resi related, just taking a more conservative view on the second half relative to the trends we're seeing in the second quarter. So I think that's the best way to characterize our outlook.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. We don't have any debt principal payments on the horizon, requirements that is, we have our M&A pipeline. But, like Aaron said, we have $65 million open on our buyback, so those will all be factored into our priorities.
York A. Ragen: Thanks, Mike. Operating: And your next question is from Brian Drab with William Blair. Your line is open.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, Brain. Yeah, so, I think on the product class side, if you think about the Domestic, residential is basically a Domestic category. There is a little bit there in the International side, but when you think about residential it's mostly there in the Domestic side. And as we call it, residential did have some nice organic growth during the quarter for the reasons we talked about, high single-digits, from an organic growth standpoint. On the C&I standpoint, from a C&I standpoint, globally, given the oil and gas concerns that we've had, and then the new UK, Brexit uncertainty exposure with our Tower Light business, that C&I had organic declines this quarter of around 17%, 18%, so still seeing a drag on growth from oil and gas and now a little bit in the UK there.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, think of International, yeah, correct, think of International primarily C&I, and think of residential as more of a Domestic category.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, we haven't provided that, but I think you can get a general idea on our product, consolidated product class base, what's going on there from a regional standpoint as well.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. So end of second quarter – it is higher. This year end of second quarter versus last year end of second quarter. So we reflected that in our guidance statement here that we talked about third quarter being, on a consolidated basis, revenue being roughly flat with prior year. So that would – we've factored in – if outages remain low, which is what the assumption is in our guidance, you'll have a bit of a de-stock event as a result of that higher field inventory this year versus last year.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, I mean, we – hi, Ross, it's York. So we've consistently talked about leverage levels, target leverage levels of say 2 times to 3 times. At 3.7 times that does not in any way bother us, given the amount of cash, given the amount of EBITDA that we convert to cash that 3.7 times for us is different to than 3.7 times for maybe somebody that doesn't convert as much of that EBITDA to cash. So we're not worried about the 3.7 times. I think the key there is you comment about, hey, where will we be 18 months, 24 months from now, at these, what maybe characterized as trough EBITDA level, you'll grow back into that 2 times to 3 times target, relatively quickly, just as you resume that pick up in EBITDA. So, I think, we're comfortable with our leverage, and I think you see that illustrated by the fact that we are buying back stock and we're comfortable with that situation.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. Jerry, this is York. So, I think if you recall, we've said a number of times. So the International segment, if you will, is made up of the Pramac business, the Ottomotores business in Mexico that was acquired, Tower Light. And if you recall, our strategy with regards to margin expansion for our acquisitions is to take a business that's maybe mid-to-high single-digit EBITDA margins, in the case of some of these acquisitions like a Pramac or an Ottomotores, and then try to double that through revenue synergies and cost synergies. So we've seen, we've demonstrated that we can do that in other acquisitions, Pramac just closed. So taking something that mid-to-high single-digit margin, we want to double that. And that's I guess we're in the middle of that maturation, if you will, with Ottomotores and Tower Light, which is why we're at 8%, and we believe we can take that higher as we execute on the synergies with Pramac. So I think that's probably the best way to characterize our goals there with our International EBITDA margins.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. I mean some of it's low-hanging fruit, so you can get those costs, and they're mainly bill of material cost reductions as you leverage the scale and your supply chain. Some of it is low-hanging fruit, but inevitably some of it might be design changes, and those take a longer period of time to get that through the design cycle and then get that through the P&L. So I would say that's more of a long – 18 months.
York A. Ragen: And then a part of that too is just leveraging the fixed costs on a higher top line too. That takes a little time to execute on the revenue synergies as well, and there is some product – as you expand our offerings out there can be some improved mix as well.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. I think so the – yeah, the product classes that we have, those will continue. That's for the requirements that you are required to disclose your product classes, and that's why we have done that historically. With the Pramac acquisition that's the catalyst to – which expanded our International business, accelerated that strategy rapidly here, which was the catalyst to sort of introduce these new Domestic, International segments. And so the International segment was pretty small in the past, so that's sort of why you don't – we're not really going to recast anything because it was small in the past. So it's really just the catalyst of Pramac acquisition, which is causing the two segment reporting structure, but the product classes will continue as well because that's a requirement.
York A. Ragen: John, this is York. I mean, I think one thing to point to on the pricing side of your question about pricing dynamics is our gross margin bridge. There was really no impact, or very nominal impact on price year-over-year in the gross margin bridge. So, excluding that inventory step-up, gross margins were up 140 basis points, and there was really no pricing impact. So I think we haven't seen a degradation on the price side.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I mean, Jeff, it's – we think of our guidance change this morning primarily in that context around just end markets that have softened up a bit more, oil and gas has been a very challenging area for us, impacting mobile products. We've called that out over the last four quarters or five quarters, maybe six quarters now. And unfortunately, we just don't see, I think there was a bit of optimism in the back half of this year, at least, around some seasonality that would occur. And I think that, as we look, we step back and in particular with the most recent pull back in oil prices here, we just don't feel like it's prudent to think about a recovery there, even on a seasonal basis in the back half, so that's disappointing. You're throwing that on top of that with our European exposure now in particular in the UK, and it really is primarily the Tower Light business, the former Tower Light business and mobile products there. We've seen CapEx essentially dry up very quickly in the second quarter in the UK, where the rental market is really the most well defined in Europe. There is a larger rental customers there, and unfortunately with all of the discussions around Brexit, and some of the other macroeconomic issues in Europe that slowed down dramatically. And we've got, again that business is seasonal as well, when the days get shorter, lighting equipment generally tends to become in higher demand, but again I think we're taking an approach here that, because of the uncertainty around Brexit, we felt that reducing the outlook there was really the better call. Telecom spending, it was interesting in the first half of the year. I think we felt better about telecom, in fact, our results in the first quarter outperformed our expectations, in the second quarter, we were in line, which was a beat year-over-year. But unfortunately, as we got to the back half of the quarter, it felt like there is a clear reprioritization of capital, in particular, amongst some of our national account customers, with some of the more recent deal activity that's been announced. We feel that could impact the what we thought would be kind of an improving schedule for power, backup power projects in the second half of the year, we're not feeling as good about that. Non-residential construction, third quarter in a row declined, which we're starting to see as we noted in our prepared remarks. We're starting to see lower quotation activity in the second quarter for our industrial distributors, which – again, we're very pleased by the way with that C&I business. It's done very well in the face of, I think, a fairly muted growth environment, certainly here in North America. We believe we've been taking share there. We believe that the expanded product lines we've got, and the improvements in distribution and the strides we've made there are paying off, but we can't ignore the trends. And the recent trends there in the second quarter were to lower quotations, which we believe portends to a potential slowdown in the second half. So that was again something, as we started the year, we felt a lot stronger about that business than we feel today. And then lastly to your point with residential, it's interesting. Our original guidance for the year contemplated kind of a flattish type of scenario for activations in the first half of the year. And on balance, that's kind of what we saw, but the problem was the pacing from first quarter to second quarter, the trending was negative. And in particular in the Northeast region, which has a fairly outsized impact, we saw a weakening there that we really didn't anticipate. And the other markets outside of the Northeast are up modestly for the year, which we like, and again, I think, speaks to the resilience of the category, but I think we just continue to be struck by just how large the Northeast market and how fast it had grown. I think offsetting some of that is some encouraging signs around the fact that our distribution levels, our dealer counts are really very close to their peak levels, which were reached at the end of 2013. So I think we like where we're at there. We're just – I think we can't ignore the fact that the trends for activations were lower, second quarter outages were considerably lower than last year, which did not help at all. And we really exit the quarter here with probably a higher inventory level. So what we're kind of anticipating in the third quarter is probably a bit of a destocking event that needs to happen.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: So if outages remain low, to York's point, if they recover to normalized levels, or as we said, if we see a season develop that could certainly change, but that's kind of how we're playing it out. And that is, I know it's a long winded way to answer your question, but there is a lot of moving pieces, and just wanted to give you added color there. York, you might have...
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, I think on the – just to mention – we did mention Brexit a couple of times, and I think it's not only the direct impact to the Tower Light business and the lockup in CapEx, I think when you look at our International – our new segment reporting here the International segment, that was a disappointment really as a result of what we saw in the pullback in CapEx spending. We attribute that to the direct exposure in the UK, those national rental accounts. But what we're a little bit concerned about is obviously the uncertainty of Brexit spreading into something, some additional malaise economically throughout Europe. So I think there's a little bit of a pins and needles kind of approach there by customers across the European Continent right now. So while our direct exposure to the UK is relatively small and your assumption for Tower Light is pretty close. Again, I think it's the broader fear of the uncertainty around that, and then, York, I think on the buyback...
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: And then I think our views on buybacks going forward again, we've got there is another $65 million call it of open-to-buy, if you will, on our authorized repurchase program. So at the current levels that we see the stock price trading at, we're buyers of our stock. Should we see a season develop and should the stock price accelerate upward, we may change our views on capital allocation priorities, but today, we see buybacks as a – it's a pretty good return on the investment.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, I think, the big thing, Mike, as we talk to, and we have exposure to all the major rental houses here, not only domestically, but also internationally now through Pramac and through Tower Light. So I think we get a pretty full picture of what's going on there. And certainly here domestically in North America, the concern is around utilization rates of fleet. And so as utilization rates remain low, and particularly the categories of product that we play in, right, which we kind of classify as support or ancillary type products. So, lighting, tower, dewatering type products, heating products. These are products that generally maybe but for heat, but the rest of those products are generally used in a support role on the site, or in construction, or at the oil and gas frac site. And as a result, what we've seen is that equipment is pretty fungible. So, it's easy to go back into the general rental market, when it has been coming off of rent, in the oil and gas patch. And so that kind of tidal wave of additional product going into the general rental markets has really depressed utilization rates in those markets. So when we talk to these end channel partners about what concerns them most, it's just really the poor utilization fleet at this point. And unfortunately, because used equipment prices are low as a result of the influx of all this equipment, there's not a lot of places to put it. So taking it to auction or secondary markets, traditional secondary market channels is really a poor return, really impacts the overall return profile of the equipment in that business. So I think a lot of the fleet partners have chosen to kind of wait it out, and have the equipment age out as opposed to selling it out. And so, I think the one thing that we hear continuously here is the fleet's not getting any younger, it continually ages, and maybe they can squeeze additional time out of it in months as we measure it. We can see a lengthening of the amount of ownership time of fleet assets, in particular in these support categories. But until utilization comes back, which also by the way gives them – equates directly to pricing power. So rental rates remain kind of stifled as well as a result of poor utilization. Until that kind of recovers, it feels like we're bumping along the bottom though. I don't think we feel like it's going to get a lot worse, it's just unfortunately there isn't going to be a catalyst like higher oil prices, at least in the near-term, in our view, to kind of shake ourselves off of this in a faster way. So I think it's just a matter of kind of waiting it out, and letting things age out. So that's kind of the, again, long-winded answer, but kind of that's really an amalgamation of the views of our fleet partners.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. CHP has been a great – that's a great company for us. It's very well run. It has a very good sense of its purpose in terms of the types of products that it delivers to the market, and who it delivers them to. The cross-selling opportunities, and we've talked about this on previous calls, and we've seen some very nice – we've received some nice placement of some of their products at what we would call more value-oriented price points is kind of the terminology we used in the prepared remarks, at some of our channel partners. So in the retail space, those companies carry some of the products that CHP has, and we've gotten some nice – we've had a couple of nice wins there, and those will roll here in the fall season and into next spring season as well. So we're encouraged by our thesis playing out as it relates to some of those things. I think where the thesis maybe originally wasn't as strong, but has proven to be playing out very well for us is just what a great marketing company CHP really is. And they've been very helpful on two fronts for us. One, we launched a new inverter-style generator, portable generator last year, late last year, beginning of this year, really targeted at the recreational segment. So it goes straight up against one of the leaders in the industry there. We believe we have a superior product in terms of technology, in terms of sound level, and CHP has been wonderful in helping us orient our marketing around that product through use of infomercial and short-form media, and through campaigns to kind of get a grassroots type of demand around that product, and it's been quite successful, and we credit CHP with helping us with that. And the other area would be, their critical analysis of our home standby marketing process and sales process. So they've been very helpful in pointing out as we kind of deconstruct the sales process, and I think we look at it more than anybody is the kind of share we have and the amount of calories that we burn around home standby, at this company, to drive that category forward. We deconstruct continuously the sales process and understanding what works, what doesn't work. But sometimes you get too close to it, forest through the trees kind of thing, and CHP helped us kind of take a fresh look at that process and identify some critical leakage out of the funnel, sales funnel as we look at it, where leads were leaking out and other areas to kind of improve close rates and improve the consumer touch points, which is really their expertise area, every touch point. They're very, very in tune with every electronic touch point, every telephonic touch point, every printed touch point, every interaction with the consumer, we want to leave them with a high-quality experience, and CHP is very in tune with that. So it's been very helpful. So it's been from my standpoint, a great company to work with so far.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: There is some resi in International. And frankly we expect to grow the residential component internationally. That's one of the thesis is, theses, if you will, with the acquisition of Pramac is to extend our, what we do well with our residential here in the U.S., we think there is an opportunity for pockets around the world where that makes sense for the category. But right now, as it exists, it's primarily C&I in that International segment.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: No, I mean we look at the penetration rates on not only on local level, but also in the regional level and the penetration rates are still very low, mid single-digits in the Northeast. So we think there's a lot of runway there. It's, Ross, just, I think, the overall fact that we just have not had kind of outages to even in that, particularly, in that area of the country to kind of drive the conversation around the category. So it's just become a tougher market to sell into. Obviously it weighs on channel partners. There's inventory concerns right, because that is something that is always something we look at kind of regionally as well, but it just feels – it doesn't feel like there is a saturation point that we're hitting. I wouldn't say that. I think it's just the growth rate slowed in that region, and it slowed up faster than we thought it was going to than we were planning on it. And that's really I think the kind of the crux of the issue for us.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: No, I mean the promotion activity is kind of on par with what we would say as kind of the year following a non-season, a non-event season, so – or a low outage environment. So it's been the same. Roughly, I wouldn't characterize Q2 as being an outsized amount of promotion running through, in particular – definitely not impacting EBITDA margins. But it was better sentiment, better buying sentiment, because we had two things happen. One we had lower inventory levels coming into the second quarter, and because of the higher activation rates that's why that happened in Q1. But then also, I think there's been more talk this year around the potential for a season this year. This La Niña versus El Niño, and the kind of transition away from that environment that was not conducive to outages to maybe an environment, what, meteorologically there would be more conducive outages. We're not meteorologists, so, I mean, for us, we watch the forecast, but we know that our channel partners watch the forecasts as well, and kind of mid-quarter in the second quarter, it became a little easier to sell when NOAA comes out with a stronger hurricane season prediction and others as well. So that was helpful in the second quarter, and puts people in more of a – our channel partners in particularly in more of a buying mood. So that's really what led to that in the second quarter.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: I would just add Ross, that I mean, our liability structure is very cost effective, and there are no covenants. And so, we believe, we've got a very good liability structure, and to take that out at the current rate environment, it doesn't...
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, just doesn't feel to be a good use of capital. So we believe that buying back stock presents a better use of capital and the acquisitions we've done, and obviously the things that we focused on in terms of reprioritizing here. Now if the rate environment changes, maybe that gets us to re-think that, but at this point, we think that EBITDA growth off of these, as York characterized trough levels, I think, is a better way to de-lever than it is to pay down the debt, in our opinion.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: To probably get that ultimately through on the design. The globalization of the platforms, and there is obviously, as York said, there is some of the component costs. It's easy to get some synergies right away, but some of the more, some of the deeper redesign of the product, so that we can really maximize the synergies. I think are going to take a little more time.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. Charley, I mean, again, our database of outage severity, which is a proprietary calculation, we've been tracking for five years to six years now. You're right, it's not 20 years of data, but what we do have is 20 years of government data, that on outages and although maybe not accumulated in the same fashion that we accumulate it, outages over the long haul have been traditionally higher, or historically higher, and in my 20 plus years here at the company, we've seen outage activity higher. This is a very, very low level. So again, it's kind of big pattern stuff. We don't know why it happens in the multi-year cycles that it happens, but it seems to be, you'll get a couple of years of active outage environment, and then followed by several years of inactive. So it's just kind of on, off cycle that is inherent to – and a lot, again, 70% of all outages caused by weather. So I think those big patterns are weather-related, and again some of the El Niño, La Niña kind of cycles that happen here, and I think are the root cause of some of that. So, we don't try to predict that. All we can do is say, let's look at the current environment, let's give our best, put our forecasting ability and our historical kind of perspective on this, and come up with our best view on outlook. And that's kind of what we've done. But again I think you look at where outages are at, and where they – even in that six years of data that we do have where they've been even before the major outages in 2011 and 2012. They were – the outages – the outage activity has been higher. So we just – we characterize this as kind of an ultra low level. You can also look at one other area I would point to, we're starting to look at, we look at insurance losses, basically non-flooding insurance losses, because the flood related stuff doesn't necessary generate power outages, but wind damage related insurance losses are down and have been down in the last – I mean, it's been a decade since there has been a major event in Florida, which is really unheard of meteorologically. So again we just characterize the current period as being really below normal, well below normal.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: No, but for the netting of the promotions and things that we do. But again, those are normal seasonal...
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. We feel that's pretty normal. But I think as we look forward to pricing, John, we think about that. I think we're in the middle of – this is the time of the year when we – as we kind of gear up for the forecasting season here for 2017, start to take a critical eye towards just where our commodity is trending, where our currency is trending, and the other impact, the other inputs, if you will, into what would drive pricing in the industry across all of our products. So we don't see though any macro kind of competitive pressures, or other undue kind of forces there that would say, we either have pricing power in an area or we need pricing to reduce. I think we've always taken the position that we are – we want to be very competitive in price, and I believe that we do that with a very competitive cost structure that enables us to be very competitive on price. I believe that even in markets where we lead like home standby, we have the most competitive pricing position across the broad spectrum of products in the industry. And we want to – we believe that that's important, especially in that market where affordability is what we believe unlocks the next layer of demand. We don't think that that means we've got to take and reduce prices on home standby generators by a immaterial amount. As we've said, we think that when we look at the total cost of ownership, we think there's opportunity area there to continue to bring installation costs down. So that's our focus. Penetration is still low, and there is still a lot of opportunity there. So C&I products pricing, that obviously has impacted more broadly by the input costs of steel and other things, and obviously we see steel costs up year-over-year, in a lot of cases up by 40% actually.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: So we'll evaluate that. And as we think about 2017 and then the pricing environment there that will start to come into our decision process. On the acquisitions, I think your question was kind of around the OpEx, opportunities for OpEx there, and I think as we think of OpEx in both of the entities that we talk about on acquisitions and results at least in the second quarter around CHP and Pramac, the ability to leverage the OpEx through – again the revenue synergies that we've talked about. With CHP, I've talked about some of those. With .Pramac, there are opportunities there to take some of our mobile products and connect them with their customers and their mobile generator lines, and then conversely the ability to maybe take some of their products down into some of our markets in Latin America, where some of those products are maybe European style product, in particular in markets like Brazil. It's probably a better product than maybe the product coming from North America. So we think there's some opportunity there. And the natural gas products across the pond here into Europe where there are markets where natural gas is starting to become a more important play for backup power. We think we'll have an opportunity. Again growing the top line though, Pramac has a large OpEx expense load relative to their sales volume today. CHP is the same, but for different reasons. Pramac is really because they've got far flung operations, 14 sales branches serving 150 countries. We really want to grow the top line there with all things I talked about. And then CHP a good chunk of their business is direct-to-consumer, so they bear a much higher expense load as it relates to all the marketing costs that they absorb on a direct basis. So the more we can expand their top line and leverage that as well is going to result in improved EBITDA margins over time. So that's kind of how we view those businesses.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Thank you, operator. We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning, and we look forward to our third quarter 2016 earnings release, which we anticipate will be at some point in late October or early November. That concludes our call this morning. Thank you.
Brian P. Drab: I'm wondering if you could give us any color regarding organic revenue growth or decline in, first of all, in resi and C&I and then in the new segments Domestic and International, just any help on organic revenue growth rates would be great.
Brian P. Drab: Okay. So, and I'll have to sort through this after the call, I guess, further, but you're saying – I guess the International business is really primarily, or exclusively C&I...
Brian P. Drab: Okay. So reviewing this – so resi is up high single digits organically in the quarter, C&I is down 17% to 18% and....
