York Ragen: Thank you very much. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter 2019 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, President and Chief Executive Officer. We'll begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time to time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: Yes. I mean in terms of future investments, that's – as you pointed out, you can see it in our R&D numbers, you can see it in our cash flow numbers, the reality is we've been putting in terms of head count, we think of those as investments as well. And when you think about our clean energy initiatives, our connectivity initiatives, our Lead Gas initiatives, those are all things that are going to bear fruit in the future. But you need to resource them upfront, and we believe that with the large opportunities we have in front of us, those are going to be good investments here. But you've got to put them in place beforehand so you can see that impact on margins. And then on the cash flow side, you're right. CapEx, we've had a – from a timing perspective, we front-end loaded our CapEx more this year on…
York Ragen: Around capacity expansions. So that's a little bit of timing difference there versus prior year. And then working capital, you think of that as an investment as well as you grow and ramp. And as we get ready for the season, not only on the home standby and portable side but on the mobile side of the business with our shore products that we've ramped up those inventories to get ready for the seasonal seasons, so we're ready for that. We've put in working capital in the first half of the year and we expect to monetize that in the second half.
York Ragen: Yes, I think Aaron alluded to it just on an earlier question. I think our previous upside guidance from last quarter that we included that high end of the range that we talked about. That was somewhere in that $75 million range. And so we added another percent on top of that, which is roughly called $25 million to $30 million. So that’s – given, so I think some of the constraints around expanding distribution, I think initially the initial surge if you will, demand, if they were to turn the power off and when they turn the power off to millions of people, there may be a restricted play on that. So but I guess to answer your question, we put $25 million to $30 million on top of that.
York Ragen: But I think it's important to note, our guidance today where we came out with this –the guidance we gave is just the baseline guidance assuming no events and an average level of outage activity and then there's upside. And I think where previously, we talked about 3% to 7% core growth, we actually are incrementally positive on that. So we're taking it effectively to 4% to 10% and so –but –as a result of all the positive things we're seeing in the end markets and the additional upside of California.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Ross. We don’t break that out. We haven’t historically. I think we added the 20% just to give some additional context this year but – in this quarter. But we can say that it is up strongly as you indicate. And that was without any major outage events. I think – and that’s the think that, when we look at it, and in fact, when we look regionally across the board, we’re seeing strength in a lot of regions. The West obviously, as we’ve talked here as of late, has been very strong. Our teams were wearing out of path to the West here. We haven’t had a tremendous amount of development effort in that market over our history because as we’ve said, there are a lot of reasons for that. But primarily, it’s just been a market that hasn’t experienced a ton of outages, and as such, it just was slower to develop. With the shut-offs and all of the disruption to the grid that’s either been taking place or will be anticipated to take place in the future that the interest level on the product has changed dramatically. And in fact, I would point to just even in the last four weeks, we’ve seen activations and IHCs, again, in-home consultations as we refer to them, we’ve seen just fantastic numbers, which gives us a lot of strength and a lot of confidence in kind of underpinning the updated guidance this morning. So we're really pleased with that business. And I think a lot of us internally, we've all kind of collectively wondered aloud whether we've actually hit a tipping point maybe with home standby where it's kind of moving into more mainstream category and 4.5% penetration, it's may be hard to make that argument. But it sure feels like it's accelerating in the absence of anything major, any type of major catalyst.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. From a capacity standpoint, I'll deal with that part of the question first. The capacity side of it, obviously, the home standby business has always been an interesting business. When you get events – and really the generator business in general, I shouldn't just put it as home standby. But that residential market in particular is fairly sensitive to when you do get surges in demand, you need to respond. So we've been very careful to build that with flexibility, upside flexibility in mind. And so as we sit here today, and I would say the last kind of major resetting of capacity in that business occurred after Sandy. We worked to expand capacity at that point, both in the supply chain which is oftentimes where we run into some bigger constraints than we do internally. But we refocused our supply chain and our internal capacity after Sandy, so call it 2013, 2014 kind of that next step level change in terms of capacity. We went through that again last year, that exercise, and we made some significant investments both internally, some of which has come online and some of which will come online in the future year. That's some pretty decent CapEx and you've seen our capital spending trend upwards. Some of that is related to some of that growth CapEx around expansion for capacity. But also, we've made some – we continue to grow our supply chain and our sourcing. Some of that is in relation to the tariff environment that we find ourselves in today. We've resourced some components or dual sourced some components to make sure we not only got adequate capacity but also a cost basis for those products and components, which reflects hopefully a lower tariff environment rather than a higher one. But all that being said, to get right to the point, we feel very good about our capacity for home standby, and we're going to continue to add that going forward. Now I'll let York speak to the other.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think all those things just kind of exacerbated the 1H, 2H kind of pacing of our free cash flow, so we're
Aaron Jagdfeld: We feel good about it. So that doesn't really change anything fundamentally. It's just – I think it's largely around timing.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I mean, the utility companies have – they've all taken an interesting approach, and we've reached out to all of them obviously and we have – we've had plenty of dialogue. They're all reluctant to kind of name an OEM partner, which we find to be a little bit frustrating on our part because we think that we could be all working towards the purposes of helping people in their service areas be better prepared, but look, that's their approach. So we can't sit there and wait for the utility to promote one brand, your brand X over brand Y. And I guess in the end result, that's probably not their responsibility. But we've always taken the angle that our responsibility is to grow the market. As the leader in the market with the kind of share position we have and the effort that we've expended to date over the last 20 years to build this market, what we just – that's our cross to bear. It's our mantle. And so we've got that, and we're going to continue to push hard on that here in the market. And so over the last four weeks, we've put together a plan on the page for that market in particular and a lot of it includes much of the same awareness type of building activities that we would typically have. But I would tell you, what's really unique about this situation is we never get the luxury of getting a map where something might happen, right? We always have to react to an event with very little notice oftentimes. And so I do think we have the opportunity here to be a lot more proactive in our efforts. So that's getting us a little bit outside of how we think about developing markets normally, which I think is a good thing. And it's kind of refreshing that way. So we've got, as I said, we have a lot of people out there in the market working to grow that with our existing distribution partners and we're rapidly adding new distribution partners. That really is our focus. And then education, education for inspectors, for utilities, for the municipalities that issue permits. There's just a lot of – we see this every time. There's a new market development effort. It's just a learning curve for everybody, so we're going to get up that curve. That may act as a bit of a constraint on growth in that market this year for us at least in the short term. But longer term, we see that market has a tremendous amount of potential. I mean, if you just run the raw numbers and even get from the 1% that we're at today to the 4.5% where we're at nationally, there is a lot of room to run – to grow the market in a very short period of time in California.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. It’s a good question, Mike. I mean, from a distribution standpoint purely, your dealer counts there today in California are less than 200, so we have 6,100 nationwide. So obviously, we have – it’s probably appropriate for 1% penetrated market but not for 4.5% or greater penetrated market. So we anticipate as generally is the pattern that is followed in these instances, we anticipate adding a lot of distribution in that market. And we’re going to start with dealers because the dealer base is probably our most efficient way to reach the end consumer. We also have the most developed tools in terms of sales tools, tracking of leads and such in the dealer channel. But beyond that, I think this is where our omnichannel approach to distribution is really going to pay off and generally does pay off. The fact that we distribute products very widely through the electrical wholesale channel. We have the opportunity. Electrical wholesalers are very prevalent as are contractors in California. We can turn those branches on very, very quickly and put products in the hands of those electrical wholesale branches so that the electrical contractors in the market can get access immediately. So they don’t have to go through all of the steps to become a dealer. They can do that alongside of that, but they can get access to the product quickly and get on that learning curve even faster. On top of that, we have retail outlet relationships. All of the DIY retailers that we distribute products through the U.S., they also have California footprints. Some of them more so than others, but we are currently in dialogue with all of those regional markets for those DIY retailers to have some special programs put together, endcap displays, other types of events where we have dealers in aisles talking about the product, educating consumers, basically training or doing that work that’s going to be necessary to grow the market, to create the awareness around the market. And so that’s in place. To your question on regulation, that is a little bit of a slower grind. That’s almost a hand-to-hand combat type of thing. And we’ve seen this in markets before, whether it’s in the Northeast with Sandy or Michael down in or Irma down in the Southeast, whenever there’s an event that happens, we typically have to go into that market and we have to talk one-on-one with inspectors, with the local municipalities, with the gas utilities, getting gas meter upgrades, getting gas infrastructure upgrades to accommodate the installation of a generator, the permitting that needs to get done, sometimes there’s a lot of misconceptions about that. So we work very hard and thankfully, we have the scale in this industry. We have a whole team of people dedicated to that. And so they do nothing more than interface with that layer, that regulatory layer as we kind of refer to it here across the U.S. And right now, as you can imagine, they’re very focused on the California market in particular as we bring those people up the curve. So it’s hand-to-hand combat. We can only make it move as fast as we can. I think, again, we have the benefit of being proactive here because we’re ahead of the outages. What might – may happen later this fall, I think we’re going to have the opportunity to get ahead of it. But I think it is going to still act as a bit of a throttle plate on or a constraint on what we can actually what we can actually achieve here this year at least. So I think the upside guidance we provided kind of contemplates another $25 million to $30 million of upside potentially on top of what we had called out.
Aaron Jagdfeld: That wasn’t in the previous guidance. So that’s kind of the add for this year. But we think in the future, and we’ll quantify this as we build out our models going forward, but we would obviously expect that to be greater in the years ahead.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Exactly. So – as it relates specifically, I’d kind of put it into two buckets. One is connectivity to the generator, right? remote monitoring of the generator. That is really – there is some ability to monetize that. Clearly, there is a number of levels that we offer customers in terms of the level of monitoring that they want to do with their product. There is a free version of that product that gives people information on a monthly basis. And then on a real-time basis, it’s a product that’s paid for. As a service, it’s paid for annually. So there’s an opportunity to monetize that, but that I would tell you is more about creating customer satisfaction, higher levels of customer satisfaction with customers, making sure we have the highest level of uptime possible with the install base of product that’s out there. So that’s a really good thing. And then also creating additional opportunities for our dealers to connect with customers for preventive maintenance, for repairs, again, all in the interest of uptime, but giving our dealers an opportunity to better monetize within their business model kind of a service and aftermarket support side. That’s on the generator connectivity. Then you’ve got our energy monitoring pieces, the storage and monitoring pieces. That – there, our Neurio acquisition, our Pika acquisition. I think on Neurio specifically as it relates to energy monitoring, we intend to launch a product here in the fourth quarter that will bundle with our existing standby generators. So we’ll have products that will have monitoring capabilities on board. And that’s – the process to do that is in place right now, but we intend to basically build out the value proposition for our homeowner when we think about connectivity. So connecting to the Mobile Link platform will give them more than just a status of their generator in the long term. It’s going to give them ability to see how much power they’re using. It will probably and likely extend to how they may even control the usage of that power. And this is – our vision on this is we think it’s a really important kind of part of thinking of the generator differently than just an emergency standby asset. We think that, that generator could be deployed in a more broadly distributed fashion where that generator is maybe being operated a couple of hours a day for the purposes of avoiding some of the peak rates that utilities charge and in that way could actually be part of the strategy where a homeowner or a business could reduce their overall energy cost. So a lot is developing here, and there’s a lot more to come and we’re going to be able to update people. We actually have an Investor Day coming up on September 4th in New York. And it’s our intent at that point to give people, I think, a better view on where we’re going with not only clean energy but also just the monitoring capabilities, both energy and generator monitoring that we’ve kind of built here.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, it is interesting, Jerry, because what – there's been a lot of headlines around it but very few shut-offs to date, right? I think there was one notable shut-off in Northern California, but it was a small, it's like 30,000 people and there's a small outage. But I think it definitely created a conversation for people that this is real. And we do believe there is a very high likelihood. If you just look at how the utilities have kind of spelled out under what conditions shut-offs would occur, those conditions present themselves every year, and not just once or twice a year but a number of times a year. And the way the utilities are describing their efforts around the shut- offs is they're going to be extended periods of time. They're not only just going to shut the grid off initially but they're going to keep it off until they can physically inspect every single mile of line. Now that is – for us, when we hear that and we know just kind of the topography of California, we know the vast nature of the service areas that are being discussed there, this is going to be days of outages. And so when it happens, I think today, I wouldn't say it's reached the stage of a major outage. The interest level is very high and which I think is for us, a leading indicator in the possibility. I think we won't probably see the real impact of this until shut-offs occur. And again, we're highly confident that, that is likely to happen based on all the conditions that have been stated today. But that's something that, should it happen, we do think it would reach the status of a major outage, could in fact do that and it's going to depend on exactly how many people for exactly how long. So we'll have to see how it plays out.
Aaron Jagdfeld: And how many times they do it. Frequency is oftentimes an important part of that. But I think, Jerry, when we look at this, to set up for it, I mean it's incredible to think that the service area we're talking about here is 5.5 million connected meters, which represents maybe 11 million to 11 million people that could be without power for an extended period of time. And it's a major area, so how that plays out remains to be seen. Should it happen, will definitely qualify in our eyes as a major outage.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So we have roughly a little less than 200 dealers [indiscernible]. We started the year with about 100. So if it tells you the pacing kind of in a six-month timeframe here, we've added. We've almost doubled the number of dealers in that area. Now admittedly, only 100 dealers in our entire network is 6,100. So California is a massive state, fifth largest economy in the world on its own. So it should have more than 100 dealers but I think that's a consequence of just below penetration than it's historically had and the relatively good power quality that California has experienced historically. So we doubled that dealer count already. The interest level is very high. I'm not going to sit here and give you a prediction of where we'll be at the end of year because we have a lot of feet on the ground, lot of boots on the ground and a lot of effort adding distribution. And again, a lot of that distribution expansion, you have to think of it not just in the context of dealers. You have to think of it in the context of our omnichannel approach to it. We have all of these wholesaler branches, this wholesale electrical wholesale branches that we can put product in immediately and our retail outlets we can put product in immediately. Our e-commerce partners are seeing a lot of interest from California residents, shipping product into that market. So I think we're blessed with having this omnichannel approach. I think this is what really serves us well and it's one of the main core tenants of why we've designed it this way is it allows us to expand very quickly into markets where there is a development effort that need to take place. California is going to fall squarely into that. But it's not just signing up the dealers. You have this whole onboarding process, and that takes a while. There's a learning curve with that. We're going to try to accelerate it. We may even have a physical presence in California by year's end because I think we all view this as a unique opportunity where having brick-and-mortar in the state could actually be beneficial to us in terms of accelerating training, accelerating that onboarding process by having our own people housed in California. That's not typical of what we would do in a market. Even after a major event, we might rent a couple of hotel conference rooms or things like that and do some widespread training. But this might end up looking more like a longer-term physical presence in California, given that these power shut-ups are likely to happen over a long period of time and be fairly consistent. So we'll allow that to develop, but we're very bullish on dealer counts are going to go up very dramatically here as we keep going. And we think that, that's something that is going to be an important part of how we grow the market.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. I am, like very excited about this. This is one where we've made a sizable leap into this market, right? We put a lot of capital behind this. So we believe in this. It's been a great rallying point for our team. I think it's completely coincidental that all the things we just talked about in California from a shut-off standpoint have happened at the same time. I mean it's remarkably ironic to me that here was a market we didn't have a ton of distribution or effort going on to as it relates to standby power and we kind of looked at it as, well, there was a little bit of a heavy lift, right, to set up distribution, for energy storage and energy monitoring. And it's almost fallen on our lap. I mean it's the combination of these two things and being able to go after that market, and not just go after new distribution points talking about power generation but going after those new distribution points and talking about energy storage and energy monitoring, things that are very pertinent, top of mind for those types of distributors and distribution points in California. It's been fantastic. You talk about the opportunity to cross-sell. It's great. It's going to be a major way that we're going to go-to-market in the West and in the Southwest, in the Sun states, is going to be through cross-selling. New distribution partners. We're talking to partners – I've been to visit some of the largest residential solar companies here as of late. I've been there personally with our teams just because we're learning. We're all learning at the same rate here on how best to serve this market, how best to partner, what should these programs look like, what should the partnerships look like, is there a cross-selling opportunities within those solar partners. We do believe we're going to need solar as a channel. We think that's a brand-new channel for us. Especially when you think about the mandates for new construction in California, mandating solar in 2020, that it'd be attached to any dwelling, clearly new installations are going to have to have solar partners with them. The 2 million solar installs that are already in the market, we think we can probably effectively get to maybe without meeting the solar partners. If they want to be a part of that, great. If they don't and they want to focus on new installs, that's fine, too. We can focus on that. But with this new product line we're going to introduce in Q4 is kind of our –I'll call it our first phase, which is essentially a rebranding of the existing products that Pika offers and that Neurio offers win and the combination of those form factors that we can sell it as an all-in-one. That's what's going to happen in Q4 this year. By the time we get around the horn, maybe 12 months from –I'll call it Q3, Q4 of 2020, we'll have a second version of the product that will be a little more advanced. And that, again, we're going to share more of those details at our Investor Day in New York on September 4th. But I think it’s important that I think the market, that it's important that we get into the market and see what's going to happen. As far as adoption rates, I look at the growth rates that are out there, and these are not our numbers. What people are talking about for storage are these are big numbers. There was a recent analyst that issued a report, this is a –these are credible of reports. These aren't kind of from fringe places. These are from mainstream kind of places. And we're talking about a $27 billion market by 2030. We think that there's a lot of room to grow. We think that we're going to have a very unique solution, a differentiated solution. And we've got some pretty cool benefits on our side around the selling techniques, our targeted marketing techniques, our awareness building. We're in the middle of shooting an infomercial for our storage device. Nobody else in that market has anything like that. It's a small step, but I think it's an important step and it's an example of, I think, some of the things that we're going to do that haven't been done yet in this market. So I'm very bullish on this. I think it's going to be –I think it's a home run. It's a hand in glove fit for what we've been doing with home standby and, I think it's just –it's a great extension and a great way to leverage all the things that we do really well in that market.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So – this is how we see it. This is kind of our view of the world there. We're not going to be battery manufacturer and we don't want to own a battery manufacturer. Battery manufacturing takes a ton of scale to be good at it, good from both a cost position but also the level of scale necessary to effect the cost position needed, as well as the continued investment level needed, right? Chemistries are going to continue to change. Automation is going to continue to improve. That's just not where we want to be. We look at the battery itself, the cells, the lithium ion cells that exist today, we look at those as a component ingredient, a commodity ingredient in a battery pack. And so almost as we would look at, you think of an engine today, an internal combustion engine, the aluminum ingot used in an engine casing is a commodity ingredient. We're not in the aluminum ingot business. We design, and in some cases, manufacture the engine itself, and that's where we think the battery packs themselves. We think that that's in our wheelhouse and something that we can do. But we view the battery themselves, the cells as being a commodity ingredient that we're going to continue to source from others. Now today, and in our acquisition of Pika, they use a third-party battery source. We're likely going to continue to build on that relationship. It's a very good relationship today. We want to build on that. But as the market grows, we may find ourselves in a situation where we need to expand source. I do think that there is a possibility, if the market is going to grow according to the projections that are out there, that capacity could end up being a constraint on market growth long term. So we want to make sure we've got enough partners to be able to make sure that doesn't hold us back from a growth standpoint. But we're not going to be in the battery business.
Aaron Jagdfeld: It’s both. I mean largely, there will be a knee-jerk reaction and largely there's going to be some portables that will go into the market. I think the –but it does include –it does contemplate both, Brian.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So today, we’re a little less than 1% penetrated in California. Obviously, there's a lot of single family unattached housing in the state that are greater than $100,000 in value. I think one of the really interesting things I'll point out is we've always said that –what's really important is you have to look at the value of the home in relation to the investment, right, in a home standby. The average investment of home standby is between $8,000 and $10,000 completely installed. And when you look at average house prices, that $8,000 and $10,000 in relation to a $300,000 home which is our median average, it's a fairly decent sized investment. So when you look at the median home prices in California, they're materially higher. So you think about that investment in the context of the value of the home there. And all of a sudden, the home standby doesn't sound like that, it doesn't sound that expensive. And so how quickly could the penetration increase, I think there is a couple of factors that are going to influence that. How quickly can we add distribution and how impactful are the shut-offs, right? How frequent are they? And how long do they last? And unfortunately, I don't have exact answers for you on that, Brian. We're going to have to kind of see how that plays out. But I can only tell you that we're going to be pushing very hard at least on the things that we can control there, which is building out the distribution and how rapidly we onboard them.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Thank you. We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning, and again, we'd like to take this opportunity to remind everybody that we do have an upcoming Investor Day on Wednesday, September 4th in New York. We look forward to providing an overview of our strategies, growth drivers, long-range targets and other key investment highlights during that event. And more details are going to follow as we get closer to the date. So with that, we’ll conclude our presentation this morning. We thank you for joining us.
