York Ragen: Yes. Mike, this is York. So I think, like I said in my comments, we do expect Q4 margins to return closer to Q1 levels, as Q2, Q3, we see the transitory impact of our higher input costs. So I guess to that end, Q4 looking similar to Q1, I guess that's the jumping off point into 2022, obviously need to roll up our 2022 budgets to figure out, what that looks like next year. But we feel good and confident that margins will at least get back to where they were in Q1 by Q4.
York Ragen: Yes. No, I think as we said in our prepared remarks, we upped our guidance to basically we're looking to double that business here in 2021 relative to 2020. So I think we've publicly said, we did about $115 million of sales last year, looking to double that here in 2021. And sequentially, that's going to ramp from Q2 to Q3 and then again, into Q4 so that, we're looking to successively ramp our output of those products over the quarters here and really in the next year, that's the expectation the market's there, the demands there. We've said publicly that the demand is outstripping our supply and that's what we're working on right now to ramp up in 2022.
York Ragen: Yes. To your point, we're looking to schedule an analyst day at the end of September and that's when we would be updating our long-term targets. So appreciate the ability to get that out there. Relative – that the EBITDA margin bridge versus previous guidance you're right. It only takes down at the mid of the range. It's only about a 25 basis points moderation there. And there are some moving points inside there. So you're right about the cost bucket, the higher input costs probably did have a lot of 1% impact on that guidance change, but we were able to given the volume leverage on the higher sales volume as you're talking about, that's probably bought back about 50 basis points of that 1%. And then from an M&A and mix standpoint, maybe there's another 25 basis points that you're clawing back. So those were good guys offsetting the input cost, bad guy. And so net-net, we just believe that there's going to be some moderation once you get through the reality of steel costs have really gone up a lot since our last call, our last guidance. And so has logistics costs, just the cost of 40-foot containers are up, four times, in that window here. So just battling through that and the good news is we've got some price increases out there and when we start realizing those in Q4, we start ramping up and absorbing Trenton, South Carolina more and just the better mix when you ship more home standby, coupled with some other costs reduction efforts we're working on. That's why we just, we feel confident that, we're going to be able to bring our gross margins back up in Q4.
York Ragen: And then Jeff on the portables, the comment there. So interestingly enough, there's kind of a little bit of a something going on there in the portable industry. Many of the large customers are requesting or even mandating carbon monoxide shutoff technology be put on all portable generators. So large DIY retail chains have done that, which has created a bit of a challenge around – the technology itself is as you can imagine with a semiconductor limited supply, there's more technology there onboard a portable generator than would traditionally have been involved. So that created a problem with the supply chain. We're working through it effectively what's going to happen is, we weren't able to fill a channel to the level that the channel wanted nor that we wanted here in Q2, when we would normally do that ahead of the season. So, we do have a lot of those products hopefully coming at us here in the third quarter. And I think the idea would be, there may be more opportunity, if the season plays out, there could be opportunity to not only satisfy that increase in demand, but also the channel restock on top of that. So it could be a bit of a double hit if the season plays out strongly, we'll have to see how that works. Again, our guidance doesn't contemplate that at this point, because we don't have any major outage events in our guide, but it's really kind of a unique thing with those product lines.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Tommy; this is Aaron. The doubling is the max capacity that we would have in total for the home standby products by Q2 of next year, the doubling that we referred to, the doubling of where we're at today, once everything in Trenton is online. And again, we – what we're trying to do is, build some surge capacity into the system, we've lost that over the last couple of years as the market's growth in home standby has outstripped our pacing of output. So we're hoping to build some additional surge capacity, because that business needs that – they're just – the periods of growth are hallmarked by outage events and other types of things that happen in the external markets, and you have to react to that. And again, we've lost a little bit of – we've lost the ability to get some upside as a result of where we're at today. So that's what we're building out. In terms of operational kind of milestones or things that we're focused on here over the next call it nine months as we bring that facility fully online. Right now, we're in the initial startup phase, we actually were fortunate to get in there right at the beginning of the month, which was amazing, that’s four and a half months from when we took occupancy of the facility. So what our team has done there I'm incredibly proud of, they've worked very, very hard to bring that facility up. We've got about 300 and some employees in the facility today, we've just brought on a second shift. And so, what we're pacing to, is to have about 800 employees in that facility by the end of the year. And that won't get us to the doubling that we're talking about here. What gets us even further is the addition of some further manufacturing, tooling and automation equipment that we'll be adding into the facilities in Q1 and Q2. And so, the addition of that equipment, those additional pieces of equipment is really what takes us to the full potential run rate of that facility by Q2 of next year.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Ross, the way to think about that is, the quoted lead time would be the lead time today, right. So when we gave that update on the last earnings call, we were quoting it based off of what our expected production rate was going to be in the future. And that's how that's – and based on order volume and the quantum of the backlog, you noted there in your question. That all goes into calculating the backlog. So when we're giving that update again this quarter, and the fact that it hasn't changed, but yet we have higher production levels in the future. We've also, as we indicated in the prepared remarks, we've been experiencing higher incoming order rates. So, that kind of matches up with the higher expected production at this stage. Now, what remains to be seen as we've said throughout is kind of how the season plays out. In terms of hurricanes, in terms of power safety shutoffs around, potential for wildfires out West and in other parts of the country, our guidance doesn't contemplate any of that in there. Now we're not guiding lead times, but what would happen mathematically is, as the order rate – as the output, – excuse me, as the production rate kind of outstrips your rate over time, the lead times would come in. We're still expecting a considerable backlog at this point by the end of the year. I don't know what that exactly will translate to in terms of lead time, because we need to understand what the order rate is at that point and also where we're at on the output levels and how we're thinking about our ability to hit that doubling that we've talked about by Q2. So it's a – there is a lot of math that goes into it. And then there is a bit of a forecast as well, obviously on where we think things are going. But at this stage, it's – the demand has been incredibly robust, we've said this in the prepared remarks as well, we’re here early in the third quarter in July. Our IHCs are home consultation sales leads for home standby are up again on very difficult comps compared to last year. So, I mean, it's just – it continues to amaze us the interest level in the category and how that's translating into real demand. So we're encouraged that that's very supportive of where we're going with the category in terms of our expanded capacity. We think we're going to be in good shape for that. And then again, as I said, we'll let the season play out here to see how kind of things shape up as we exit 2021 and go into 2022.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. It’s a good question, Phil. And one obviously we watch – we're watching very closely, mainly on the context that we were – we've been unable – largely unable to get ahead of demand with our output, and that's why we've gone very heavy here with the Trenton investment. And essentially what's going to amount to a quadrupling of our output, potentially a quadrupling of our output by Q2 of next year versus where we kind of came into the year last year as a baseline, if you want to use that as a baseline. In terms of like adding additional capacity, I think a lot of that for us is going to come down to what kind of a season plays out this fall. I think we feel pretty good about – and remember capacity is not just about getting a building and equipment and hiring people, it's about the supply chain to support that. So today, we're actually – and this is a process we've gone through pretty rigorously over the last several years, as we're constantly sizing the supply chain to be greater than our ability to produce. So we're oversizing the supply chain, because it takes longer to get your supply chain to grow. It's a longer – a lot of times you're looking for secondary or even tertiary sources, you have to qualify – if not only find those source, you have to qualify them and get them ramped. And that generally takes longer, as I said, it took us four and a half months to get into – get the building, get in there and get it ready to run and get it producing product. And, while it's not producing at the top rate that we expected to at this point, we’re there, it's kind of – the startups getting behind us here and we're growing, but really the supply chain. So we're sizing the supply chain actually larger than that point in Q2 of next year. And so, if we see a really strong season this fall and surges in demand off of that, we could react, we do have some room to expand in Trenton that facility that the area there that we acquired is expandable to about 2.5 times its size, if we chose to do that. We'd have to analyze whether or not that made sense, or if maybe more of the growth is out west, it really kind of depends, it might make more sense to have a facility located closer to wherever we see the demand growth. So we're going to watch it very closely. We're going to react very quickly. And I think we're going to be in pretty good shape, given the expansion in our own capacity by Q2, and then also the supply chain expansion that we've been working on.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Let me try to unpack some of that Brian, because a really good question. Chilicon is a – we're very excited about this acquisition. It's a small company, basically a startup today, really like the technology, really like what they've done with the product line in its early stages. We've got work to do to scale it, of course. Today it's contract manufacturer here in the U.S., we think that we can – again, as we stated in our prepared remarks, we kind of put a playbook together here for our approach to this, with what we did with Pika. Recall that, Pika was also a startup pretty nascent the demand was – it was a very small company, and here we’re turning it into just an amazing growth engine for us going forward. We think Chilicon is going to be all of that. I mean, the reason we went after this, we love storage and we think storage fits really, really well with our approach to the market from a resiliency standpoint in particular. But remember, you're only talking about attachment rates to new solar of 20% to 25%. So, in effect, as we try and develop channel partners, and as we try and develop our brand in this market, we're not participating in 75% to 80% of what goes on in the market on the solar only side. So the acquisition of Chilicon is really a way for us to continue to build out, what we're referring to it internally as a supermarket. I think in our prepared remarks, we said an ecosystem of products with this suite of products, but this is truly a supermarket approach. We want to have a really broad product offering here from the microinverters themselves all the way through to the storage pieces to our power generation assets that have been also well received by the solar channel – the channel partners there. So in terms of step function change to answer your question directly, more to come on that, we've got an Investor Day here at the end of the September, we are going to be debuting these products at the Solar Power International show down in New Orleans in mid-September. Our first kind of area of focus here is to take the existing Chilicon product. And in order to scale it, there is some things we have to do to it, there is some design for manufacturability, considerations alongside the development of the supply chain. We really intend to launch kind of a branded Generac portion of Generac Solution, if you will of the kind of existing Chilicon technology, sometime in really early Q2 of next year. And I think that's when you would see, and we would expect to see some inflection. Much the same, again, it's like Pika, it took us a good six months by the end of the year. We bought that – we bought Pika, I think it was in April or May of 2019. And it took us till really the beginning of 2020 before we were in the market with a Generac branded solution there. Kind of a similar again, similar playbook and a similar approach here. But I think that the result, I mean, look, the served market that we've basically acquired here. I mean, it's massive. I mean, it's a huge market that's dominated by two players. And everybody, at least in the U.S. and every particular channel partner that we've talked to in the solar side has told us that there's room for more competition. We're excited to hear that. We think that competition should have a Generac brand on it. We think we're going to be able to use a lot of the things that we've done to be successful in the short time we've been involved in this market with Pika and Neurio, we think we're going to be able to replicate that success very quickly with Chilicon so pretty exciting stuff ahead.
Aaron Jagdfeld: And Joe, I would just add to that we look at other people in this, they're serving this market and there's some fairly high profile players that are – they're constraint on supply as well. And maybe even – I would say maybe even more so than where we're at. I mean, we – just in the second quarter, our growth in the category York was 500% over the prior year. So, I mean, that is a – we're ripping higher with that product category. And we're looking for big things as we exit this year and going into 2022. I think, again, you combine that and my previous remarks around Chilicon and you put that all together. I think we're incredibly bullish about the future with clean energy, it's in terms of not only the size of the TAM and the speed at which it's growing, but when you think about storage, the speed at which attachments growing as well, I mean, their forecast for solar alone to grow 40%, 50% next year. Attachment rates are going to grow, maybe 30% next year from the 20 to 25 they're at this year, you put all that together. And for us, it's – as York said, demand is outstripping supply. So we're really scrambling to add additional supply so that we can satisfy that increase that is coming at us here. So a lot of effort being put on that internally and with our supply chain. And I feel like what we're building there is something that's going to be really exciting in the future.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, so the cash flow statement predominantly, all of that was in fact Deep Sea, Chilicon did close in July, so that's a Q3 event. But Deep Sea, you're, right. That's an established business that's been around for a real long time, well-known in the power generation industry in terms of advanced controls and global business. We've talked about how it looks a little bit like, acquisitions we've done in the past with that we're in that $50 million to $100 million range of established business. What was very different about Deep Sea though, is that their margin profile is much higher than what we've acquired in the past. In fact, it's, it's actually much higher than our corporate average here of 24.5% to 25%. So that acquisition actually will be accretive from a margin standpoint. And we really like what that business is going to do for us.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, I think the startup question, I think is specifically around the Trenton facility, there was some small startup costs in Q2 where there are going to be, a rough, a more site startup costs in Q3, which again is part of the weighing down of margins here in Q3. But it's not huge, if it's a few million, 5 million, that that would be a lot, but there will be some startup costs in Q3, more so than there were in Q2.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So yes, in terms of like our assumption on steel, copper, aluminum, we effectively assume that it flat lines from where we're at today. And same with logistics costs maybe go up a little bit more because we're seeing that currently as we're bringing product in the door, what was the second question? I'm sorry. I missed the second question. It was – yes. We can circle back with JB on that one.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, that's a great question, Pearce. At this stage of the game, they're actually very complimentary. What we're finding is that the person who buys a home standby generator is worried about long duration outages. So multi-day events that the kind that you typically see during a hurricane or an ice storm, or what you saw in Texas over that winter event or even some of the power safety shutoffs that have been multiple days in length as much as we love the storage category today, the technology from a performance and cost standpoint are just not competitive with long duration outage protection that you can get from an engine driven gen set. Where storage has been largely coming in and coming on strong, it's for somebody who's really already contemplating a solar system. So they're going to be able to generate their own power on the rooftop. And they want to store that power for use at a later time, either because they can sell it advantageously back to the utility or grid operator at a point in time when rates are higher during the day and gain that arbitrage between their cost to produce versus their cost to sale. Or they want some limited outage protection. Certainly resiliency is a piece of what people are looking at in the storage market. But we would just – as we've continued to say throughout, each of those kinds of markets, the home standby market and the storage market are kind of concentric circles. And there's a bit of overlap, of course and over time as storage technology continues to improve and as the cost continues to come down, it's possible that you could use storage products for long duration outage, but it's got a long way to go before it gets to that point on a cost effective basis. So in fact, we actually see quite a few customers that who have a solar system and they have the storage device. They also want to add a generator for the long duration protection, right. So they have the short duration protection with the battery product and also the ability to arbitrage on rate, help them save some money on their power bills. But then they want to have a generator also for long duration outage protection. So we have customers that have all of the products actually. So it’s very interesting to watch how the market develops, but at least at this stage, that they seem to be very complimentary to one another.
