York A. Ragen: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2018 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, President and Chief Executive Officer. We'll begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation, as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees, may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we'll make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. I mean the implied guidance would have it pretty darn close, and the reality is you got Q3 coming there. We're selling a large amount of portables in Q3 as the immediate impact from Hurricane Florence, which – with Michael being – in terms of portable generator sales, we didn't see as much of an event in terms of impact on portable generator sales with Michael. There might be a sequential decline there, but we expect that to be made up with home standby. So, I'm not expecting a big decline sequentially.
York A. Ragen: I think with the favorable economic environment backdrop that's helping, too, with the strong residential construction, you see buildings being built everywhere. Everywhere you travel, that's helping obviously, and you alluded to that, Mike, but I think the regulatory impacts, too. When you have outages, then, you tend to get more discussion around the regulatory impacts, and we see that in the Florida healthcare opportunity. And then, you start getting more dialogue about telecom and having mandates around backup power on cell towers. And so, I think you put all of those factors together and all that's driving our C&I business at least domestically. And then you have all the other factors internationally as we continue to grow out our international business.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, thanks, Brian. So we talked about a lot of things at the Investor Day, but we talked about one thing in particular there, was around our Lead Gas initiative part of our strategy, which today, – so, there's two components of that. The first component is the continued substitution in the market, the existing market of legacy diesel, a traditional genset being switched over to gas. And we're starting to see that and have been seeing that for a number of years, and as we've said many times before, we believe we're the leader in that industry. We also believe that there's a lot of legs to go yet, a lot of room to run with that substitution. And we estimate the U.S. market today is about 60% diesel gensets, 40% natural gas. And that's changed dramatically over the last 30 years. And we believe that it's going to continue to change in a very positive fashion, and we're going to be at the forefront of capturing that. To that end, we're introducing a lot of new products, larger nodes, additional product options and features, controls, things that will, in our minds, make us – make those gensets, even in the larger KW ranges, very attractive; natural gas versus diesel. Longer-term, we also talk about one of the growth areas with natural gas being the potential for demand response, time of use type programs, combined heat and power, other uses for that natural gas generator technology beyond the standby market. So we're referring to it as kind of beyond standby internally here. And so, today, we have non-standby ratings or limited prime and prime ratings for certain gensets, and basically de-rated machines with some existing – with some additional feature sets, and obviously, the appropriate certifications when it comes to emissions profiles for those products. Those are in the market today. And, in fact, we see, in particular, there's a couple of pockets of strength we're already seeing around certain regions. Canada being one of them where time of use type programs where the generator can be run at times of day were very similar to what you'd see in a classic demand response type program, just more on an individual site location as opposed to being aggregated. An individual owner operator can reduce their utility bill by running that generator during peak times. We believe in the future that this is an incredibly important potential growth avenue for power generation companies in particular, but given our position as the leader in natural gas, we definitely like how we're uniquely positioned there to take advantage of that and capitalize on that. But that's a long-term trend, and those are things that are going to take time to develop. There are macro trends of utility costs. There are macro trends of regulation. There are macro trends of natural gas pricing and the input costs, but that spark spread, as we've talked about, continues to be favorable for those programs. So, it's going to play out over time. We think that the conversion from diesel to natural gas on the standby market is a very real opportunity that's being executed on now. We have new products in the market and, we continue to see, as we said in our prepared remarks, very good results on natural gas product lines.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I think, at this point, if you were to look, and there's a lot of public information available on this, but about two-thirds of the sites are being flagged as in compliance. But when you dig a little deeper on that, in compliance means they could also be receiving a waiver for a period of time to extend beyond the end of the year. So, in terms of the raw dollars that have probably been deployed, it's maybe 50% of the dollars to-date, and there'll be a little bit more obviously here in the remainder of the year. And then there's going to be a chunk of that that's going to roll forward into next year. So, we're trying to get our arms around that. For us, it's a little bit hard to pull together all of those numbers because we use an omni-channel approach for distribution. So, we have a lot of channels where the product goes through and we don't have great visibility in the end application in all cases. We do when it's in our industrial channels as we have much more limited distribution there, and we're generally involved in much more complex projects in terms of the engineering work that goes behind that. So those we have better visibility to. The smaller bed facilities where you're going to get a more standard machine implemented, we don't have great visibility. That could be going through our residential dealer channels, our wholesale channels, maybe even – some of our e-comm channels for all that we know.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. We did reach a – all of our metrics for resi were highs for us. Portable shipments were – they comped a little bit below last year, but just an incredible quarter even for the quarter we had. But, across the board, when you look at all the resi products, they were in record territory. As far as backlog, we don't comment specifically on backlog, but I think, again, I'd point to my prepared remarks this morning, which when we look at our leading indicators of in-home consultations, those have been very strong all year. In fact, they're actually, on a year-to-date basis, comping positive to the prior year. And the prior year IHCs were amazing in terms of the volumes we saw. As we said, Ben – we said this on previous calls but the systems we have in place today to find and target and market directly to potential home standby buyers, in particular, those systems are all largely new in the last five years. So, we really hadn't had kind of an up-cycle in terms of outages in which to pressure test those systems. Last year was really the first opportunity to do that with Irma and Maria and some of the other events that happened. And we saw just some tremendous numbers in terms of the indicators there. And those are translating well into record activations. Our dealer count is at 6,000 dealers and growing. So, we see some great days ahead in terms of growth on a year-over-year basis for residential. So, a lot of really good leading indicators there for those products.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I think oddly enough, Jeff, when you look at them from a growth percentage rate, mobile actually was the leader in that if I had to rank order it. When it comes to resi or – excuse me, to telecom and healthcare, telecom was up very nicely in the quarter, and then healthcare was also up nicely. But if I ranked order them, I'd go mobile, telecom and then healthcare.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I think, again, Jeff, we'd point to the fact that rather than commenting like on specific dollars, we don't think – the headwinds themselves, we don't think will be headwinds because we think we're going to take and we are taking actions to mitigate those through pricing, supply chain moves and operational strategies, things of that nature. Specifically around supply chain, there are abilities for us to – there are certain things we can onshore here. Now, obviously, those could be at a premium to cost, but – to current low cost country outsourcing, but the premium would obviously be lower than the tariffs. So, I think there's still some things to be decided there on – the tariffs today are slated to go from 10% to 25% on this – the third list of the 301 items. And that's going to happen on January 1, unless something else happens before that. So we're approaching it as if it's going to happen. And there are some things to resource, but remember, resourcing takes time, there's qualification of new suppliers. When we can move it in our own factories, it's easier. When we have to move it to other countries, whether that'd be other countries in Asia or India, there's other low-cost countries around the world that have suddenly become popular outside of some of the targeted countries that are impacted by the tariffs, it will take time to resource supply chains to those countries because they just don't have the same level of development that exists today in China. So, we continue to work with supply chain partners. We'll continue to work very hard with our teams internally. We have a separate team that we've established internally here that's targeting – it's a cross functional team that's targeting all aspects of tariffs because obviously, the impact of that is – we actually believe it's something we can turn into a positive for ourselves. Portable generators are a good example. Every portable generator in North America is imported with the exception of the ones that we make in Jefferson, Wisconsin. So, nobody else makes portable generators in North America, we do. We import gens as well and we'll have tariff considerations there, but we have the ability to shift production to an existing facility here in the U.S. So, I think that's more difficult for other competitors and something that will give us, we believe, an advantage. And that's just one example.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, so we've begun to talk to our channel partners about pricing. We haven't announced any formal price increases at this stage of the game. Again, kind of waiting to see with certainty, what's going to happen with – will that 25% actually kick in on January 1. That's the big one for us. To be honest, the 232 tariffs had some impact, but it's minimal. Some of the previous 301 lists that are in place already also have an impact, but the larger impact is coming in the third list, which is this 10% to 25% step, which we want to see how that plays out.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. So we've seen – again, when you get these types of – even though – let's just talk about those events for a second. They're not big events in the context of an Irma or something like that, right? I mean, they're horrible, tragic, property damage causing, life losing types of events, not to minimize the impact, but in terms of power outages, they don't have the same type of impact that previous events have had. So, in our vernacular, we wouldn't classify them as major outage events. That being said, they have all happened in a similar area in the country. And with that type of serial nature of events like that, when people experience outages, even if the duration is not long, it's only a couple of days instead of a couple of weeks, things like that, the impact of and the prospect for more outages like that is really what can be what tips people into buying the product, right? We've always said that duration is an important element of what gets people to buy the category, but so is frequency; the combination of frequency and duration. So, these storms, with the nature of the frequency over the last two years, has got people definitely shopping the category a lot more. As I said before, in-home consultations, which is our leading indicator for sales leads for residential standby, they're actually comping positive this year, which, after last year's numbers that we saw, we didn't know that, that could even be possible. But I think what we're deciding is that, and York kind of alluded to this on the call, the category is becoming a lot more mainstream. Awareness is much greater for the category. We've got tremendous coverage in terms of distribution with over 6,000 dealers. The category's available ubiquitously in many, many places, and it's become a lot more mainstream. People – 10 years ago, you would have said home standby generator and they wouldn't have known what you're talking about. Today, you mentioned that, and in particular regions, it's something that is part of the everyday vernacular. So, I think this is an important turning point, we believe, in the category. And I think it was demonstrated last year. Everybody talked about tough comps in the second half of this year. Here we are, we're going to comp positive back half of the year, no problem. Obviously, we've got some weather, although not major, that has winded our back for that, but we like the setup here going forward with all the indicators.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: No, it's a great question, Mike. I think, just to clarify on backlog, our comments about record backlog were really about C&I products. So, resi products are not – we had frankly larger backlog dollars coming into 2013 after the successive years of Sandy and some of the other events in the Northeast. So, that aside, we'll have a decent backlog coming into 2019 with resi, but nowhere near record levels. Our capabilities to ramp production today are in a much different place. But the numbers we're talking about, just the daily rates and things, which we don't quote because it's competitively sensitive, are really very encouraging for the category and what's transpired over the last five years. So, let's talk about that. After that period of elevated outages and those kind of serial patterns we went through kind of in 2010, 2011 and 2012, we saw 2013 and 2014 were nice years for the category, but we went almost five years without any types of events after that. So, it was a very low period in terms of outage activity. Our own tracking mechanisms showed that, a lot of other data corroborated that. And yet, the category, still, when you looked at it from this concept of a new higher baseline that we talk about, the baseline category, even after the initial demand surge settled down from those events back then, settled into a pattern that was materially higher than where it was previous to that. So, fast forward to today, we've gone now a couple years with some of these events kind of back to back to back, and in some of the same regions of the country. And I think what's different this time and what gives me pause to say, well, it's going to settle back down into a new norm, which it will, but how high is that new norm, right? We have to look at that and we have to kind of – we have to pick a number internally here so that we can calibrate our own business and how we're going to run the business from a capacity standpoint, manning everything else we need. And we look at that and we say, okay, how is this time different than the last time? Well, I alluded to this in one of the previous questions, which is we put a ton of effort around driving awareness for home standby. So infomercials, the selling systems, PowerPlay, the iPad-based selling systems, all the statistics, the data, the findability, the things that we're doing to create sales leads, to nurture those sales leads, to convert those sales leads, I mean, those didn't exist five, six years ago. So, I take that – and you put that in context of kind of a higher level of awareness, context of the serial level of outages, and I'm very encouraged based on what we're seeing, the leading indicators about – we talk about this internally here. Have we reached the tipping point with home standby? Is this going to go mainstream? Penetration rates are around 4% of U.S. households today. Is this where things start to accelerate? When you look at other installed home product categories, all of them get an inflection point at some point. And I think we're reaching what feels to me like an inflection point with residential standby. Time will tell and we'll play that out as we go forward, but we're very encouraged by what we're seeing today in all those metrics.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. So I think there's a couple of larger factors at play there, Mike. The first is just the macro trend of outages, right? I mean, even though we went through a period of low outages, outages, when you look over a 30-year period, have been increasing. And so, if you're a business owner, the prospect of losing power and the disruption that that causes to your operations, and in particular today, the digitization of business, the economy, the impact on productivity when you lose a continuous supply of power is unbelievable. I mean, things stop and get very primitive very quickly. It's one thing for a homeowner, right? There's the inconvenience factor in most cases or property damage, other things that are severe. But, for a business person, you're talking about a disruption in livelihood. And especially if you're in a significantly prone area to outages, it's almost untenable to think you wouldn't have – we all have disaster recovery plans and other risk mitigation plans in our businesses today. This just becomes an element of that in my mind. So it's become a part of managing that what is, for most people, a real risk of losing power. So, I think there's that piece of it. I think the other piece of it, though, is that the product offering, again, when you look at natural gas, becoming more available, becoming more ubiquitous, it's affordable. So when you look at smaller businesses, this is not something that you have to think of in terms of a 10-year payback. A reciprocating engine driven genset powered on natural gas can pay back in one outage for a small business. We've said this before. Eight hours of outage for a grocery store or a small gas station can be paid for. The entire genset's paid for in that single outage. So, I think the ROI is very strong for the category. A lot of that is because that cost position on the product has come down very nicely over the last couple decades.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Well, I thank everyone for joining us this morning, and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter 2018 results, which we anticipate will be at some point in mid-February. So, with that, we'll leave you to your morning. Thank you very much.
Jeffrey D. Hammond: Hey, can you just talk on – I don't know if you can rank it or rank order of magnitude, the growth rates in the mobile versus healthcare versus telecom just so we can get a sense of how strong each of those markets are.
Jeffrey D. Hammond: Okay. That's helpful. And have you announced any price action specifically or do you do that through less discounting or...
Jeffrey D. Hammond: Okay. And if I could sneak one more in, just what kind of feedback are you getting from Florence and Michael on home standby? Thanks.
