York Ragen: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2012 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation, as well as other information provided from time to time by Generac or its employees, may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we'll make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable US GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I'll now turn the call over to Aaron. 
York Ragen: I think our guidance for second quarter, talking about second quarter being up 35% to 40% compared to second quarter of 2011, that's sort of gives you some guide as to how that's playing out. And then I think the second half statements in terms of that new and higher baseline compared to similar periods without outages, again, that’s – again, those forecasts are assuming no major outages for the balance of 2012. Our guidance would indicate how that would play out. 
York Ragen: I guess what I could say is about, if you look at our growth for the total company, 137.6%, about maybe a quarter of that was related to Magnum. So you could get some idea in terms of organic versus Magnum growth. And we're not necessarily breaking out specifically our outlook between Magnum and Generac, but I think from a C&I standpoint, I think we said last quarter that both Generac and Magnum C&I product sales would grow at a similar pace in 2012 from an outlook standpoint. 
York Ragen: Yes, I think from a cost of debt standpoint, I think today's financing environment is very attractive, and that's another -- in terms of you asked about the rationale for this transaction. That sort of plays into the rationale as well. And from a cost of debt standpoint, we believe we could get this transaction done for approximately 7% overall cost of debt, which again is an attractive rate in this environment. 
York Ragen: Right. I think the way we're thinking about it is, we're just resetting our priorities. We sort of achieved our priorities, and now we're resetting them, if you will. 
York Ragen: Yes. That was, I think I had referred that to our -- of the 137.6% growth year-over-year, about 25% of that came from Magnum. 25% of the 137.6%. 
York Ragen: I think Aaron alluded to exceeding our expectations in terms of the production levels and bringing lead times that we referred to. Aaron also talked about some of this -- how some of our sales from our industrial national account customers can vary from quarter to quarter. So on the C&I side you've got that coming in the second quarter… 
York Ragen: I think just -- I think we talked about how Magnum, when you layer Magnum on top of Generac, initially in the outset, it was around 250 basis point impact, and as we execute on the $2 million of cost synergies, that should compress that a bit. But I wouldn't expect to make up that entire amount. So I think maybe to answer your question, that would be -- where we're at today would be more indicative of ongoing. More of a mitral [ph] and mix standpoint. 
York Ragen: Well sequentially, I guess it's off a little bit. But I think there's incentive [ph] comp in there as well as we've been adding infrastructure to support our growth initiatives. So I think those are a large part of the drivers. As well as the variable costs and whatnot. And Magnum rolling in, in the fourth quarter had a piece of it too. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think that’s, Chris, how we're viewing it. In years without a storm – or, excuse me, in years after a year of storms like we had last year, we typically see seasonality take a little bit different track with the first half of the year being more robust than the second half. And that of course is assuming that there are no major comparable events in the second half of this year. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think there's probably two ways to look at the mild winter. Certainly from an installation standpoint, our distribution was able to get out in areas of the country like the Northeast and the Midwest, where typically in January or February, it would be awfully difficult to install these products. So we traditionally see installs slow down at that time of the year. But with the winter playing out the way that it did, distribution was able to continue to install, and therefore, we believe, worked down their own backlog internally, if you want to think of it that way. If they had orders that they had taken and they were waiting to install product. At the same time, we had ramped up our production very aggressively, and so the combination of us ramping up our production very aggressively in Q1 and the combination of the installers and distribution being able to continue to put those products into the field, we were able to work down the lead times very quickly. Again from that 8- to 10-week range at the end of the year to something in the 3 to 4-week range.  That’s the one side of the answer, Chris. The other side of it is, obviously, with a mild winter, although we were able to increase our portable generator sales at a good clip year-over-year in terms of first quarter numbers, a lot of that was due to some pickup in shelf space that we had and some pipeline fill coming off of the strong second half of last year. But right now, inventories are at a pretty good level, I would say, going into the season. Normally at this point, retailers may be looking at restocking more aggressively out of the season because if normal winter weather plays out, they generally have regions of the country where they're depleted in inventory as a result of winter weather. But that of course didn't happen this year. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Sure. As we stated on the residential standby side, we believe our market share remains in the 70-percentile range. It's a market that there's not a lot of tracking information out there, so those are management estimates, of course, but pieced together, we think, to the best of our ability. On the portable generator side, as we've stated in our prepared remarks today, we do believe over the last several quarters we've reestablished ourselves as the number one market share player in the US market for portable generators. We believe the market share, depending on what report you look at, is anywhere between 20% and 25% in terms of share. And you can look at it. It's a little bit different from units to dollars, but it's roughly in the same range, in that 20 to 25-percentile range.  On the C&I side of our business, if we just look at total C&I kind of ex-Magnum here for a second, we believe that in the stationary products market, our market share is somewhere in that 12% to 15% range. And then Magnum holds a leading share position in North America in light towers. Again, we've publically stated that that’s somewhere in the 30%-plus range, and they're an up-and-coming player in the mobile generator and mobile pump space. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: That's a good question, Jerry. Natural gas, obviously, has come to the forefront here most recently. We've been very focused on that niche end of the market for the last 20 years. So I guess we're finally in vogue when it comes to nat gas. We've developed a lot of technologies and a lot of capabilities around natural gas, not only on the residential side, clearly, where we dominate that space. But also in the light commercial and the industrial space, where we've continued to see, as you mentioned, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks this morning, kind of a long-term secular shift that is starting to accelerate somewhat here towards natural gas. A lot of that shift is occurring as a result of diesel products becoming frankly higher priced. Diesel engines have become much more complex due to the regulatory environment over the last seven to eight years. And it's not that natural gas gen sets or any less clean or less complex, it's just, frankly, the fuel source that it starts out is cleaner than diesel is. And as it's cleaner, it needs less pretreatment and less after treatment in terms of what we need to do with the emissions of the equipment.  So what we're seeing in our own product line, in terms of product development, we've got the largest natural gas product line in the industry. We continue to add positions to that both on the topside of that product line in terms of going larger into C&I, as well as down in the light commercial space, where we've made a number of changes to our product relative to the engines that power those products around certain engine ranges where we are now the manufacturer of certain of those engines. So that's changed for us here recently in the last couple of years. And we believe gives us an improved position as it relates to supply and also cost position in many of those products.  I think as far as trends, what we've seeing here, again, we've been seeing a long-term shift. But that is beginning to accelerate and, as we've said, the long-term growth rates for gas sets we believe is spark ignited, as it's referred to in our industry, we believe are going to continue to grow at a rate that outstrips that of diesel. Natural gas, you don't have the storage issues that you have with diesel. You've got first piece costs that, in a certain range of products, you get underneath kind of under 200 kilowatt and smaller products that you'd use in light commercial applications like small footprint retail stores, restaurants, C stores, bank branches, health clinics, things of that nature. The first piece cost advantage over natural gas over diesel is sometimes as much as 25% or 30% of the cost of the machine. So that clearly, from a return on investment standpoint for a business, makes a natural gas powered generator a pretty attractive investment. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: We haven't traditionally broken that out, Jerry, but that's something that, again, we point to the longer-term trend are greater for gas then they are for diesel. That would apply in the short-term as well. You're seeing that in our results, exactly. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: I don't think specifically. Jerry, we talk to those guys quite a bit, and so our forecast, our numbers earlier in the year certainly contemplated that the rental companies were going to be fairly aggressive in CapEx. Obviously with the United Rentals purchase of RSC, that's given us pause here to kind of reevaluate -- RSC was not a strong customer of Magnum, so there may be some additional upside opportunity for us there. We're sorting through that and trying to understand just kind of how the procurement landscape is going to fall out once the consolidation and integration is completed in that acquisition. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Let me touch that first, Chris. The awareness in the C&I, there's a much longer tail on that. Homeowners tend to react quicker than businesses do. For businesses, the purchase of a generator tends to be a little bit more involved, a little more thought out, and there are obviously budgetary cycles and things that you have to work through with businesses that you don't necessarily have as top of [ph] constraints with homeowners on. If a homeowner wants a generator for their home after an outage, they're going to go out and figure out how to get one. Businesses are -- it's a little bit longer tail to that.  So as the afterglow for businesses, our history and our perspective on that is that, that will tend to trail a little bit longer than will the homeowner piece. The homeowner piece is going to be a little bit more immediate, and the C&I side will experience some of that, in the Northeast in particular here, probably over the back half of this year into 2013. And maybe even a little bit longer. What it really does is it highlights for certain of our national account customers where they have weaknesses in their operations in certain regions of the country. So some of our telecommunications customers in particular, they've focused on building out their networks in the northeast because there are obviously large population concentrations there. And so where they saw power outage interruptions from the events last year, they may decide to elevate their CapEx spending more geared towards projects in those regions around backup power.  I don't think -- we're probably not really reflecting too much of that yet because again it’s a slower -- it's a little bit slower tail. I would also remind you that when you look back at the second quarter of last year for C&I, as we've said here, our results can be a bit lumpy as it relates to C&I because of our national account customers' purchasing habits. So we saw last year in CapEx spending for those national account customers in the second quarter was a little bit of a -- there was some projects that rolled out that we don't necessarily think will repeat this year. So that might be part of the deceleration you're seeing relative to the residential results that we're talking about.  As far as the impact of the resolution of the first part of your question, the impact of the resolution of the backlog issue related to the component supply chain, we had a Japanese supplier that had issues after the tsunami last year. Really about maybe $5 million to $6 million of the C&I sales in Q1 would be related to the resolution of that issue. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: On the home standby generators side we did not. We have a very flexible operation here. We pride ourselves on that. And every once in a while, when you get events like this, you get to test out just how flexible you are. I was incredibly impressed with our operations team, and in particular our supply chain team. And we have a very deep supply chain group here in terms of competencies in what we do. And the ability to -- and it's not just us going out and hiring people to ramp up our operations here in Wisconsin. It really is -- that same effort has to get repeated throughout supply chain. And some of that supply chain obviously extends overseas as well as domestically here. And it's a lot of coordinated effort, and it really outstripped our expectations, to be frank. That coupled with the ability of distribution to continue installing products throughout the first quarter we think had a pretty material impact on the results. And you see that in the lead times really compressing down probably further than we were expecting them to compress. And really, due to just our outstanding execution as it relates to Q1 production ramp. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Absolutely. I'll take the first part of the question, and I'll let York take the financing cost question. But obviously, it's all tied together. The magnitude of the special dividend, Jeff, we analyzed a number of different scenarios and looked at really what is -- I'll step back a second. We've said from a prioritization of the uses of our cash, in the past we've said we wanted to focus on prioritizing cash towards paying down debt. And we had a [inaudible] leverage target out there to be in that kind of 2X -- really we said 2X to 3X range on a consolidated net debt basis to EBITDA. And frankly, we hit that. We achieved it very quickly here in the last couple of years, and we got to that point this past quarter and it just made sense to reevaluate our uses of cash.  In terms of the magnitude of the dividend, we thought that -- one of the things that we thought we needed to do was find a better way to highlight the free cash flow of this business for our shareholders and really bring that discussion to the forefront. We have some really unique attributes in this business. And they extend from obviously our -- the margin profile of the products that we sell to the capital efficiency or the efficiency with which we deploy capital of the company. And probably even more important is the tax attributes that we've got, that were generated back in the transaction back in 2006.  I think that in order to really evidence the impact and the power of the free cash flows of this business, we felt that some amount of special dividend would help us do that. The right amount, you can pick a range. But we settled on $10 because we felt that, that, from a leverage profile standpoint -- and it's 5X leverage, but I think when you look at 5X, I think you have to put that in -- I think you have to put that in perspective as it relates to analyzing that against a peer group of industrial technology companies. I don’t think it's fair to say that 5X leverage for Generac is necessarily translated into the same leverage ratio for other similar businesses because of the tax attribute. I would say that's probably the primary thing that I don't think exists in other companies.  So I think when you look at that and our ability to convert our EBITDA to free cash flow -- 93% here in the last 12 months. I think it's -- that strong free cash flow conversion is, again, you put all that together and we've very comfortable with that 5X leverage, and we're going to work that back down again. And we think -- our forecasts here are we're going to continue to prioritize towards paying down debt. We also wanted to leave ourselves in the new capital structure the flexibility to do a lot of the aggressive things that we're doing right now. We're growing very aggressively organically and from bolt-on M&A as well with deals like Magnum. We wanted to continue to be able to do those things going forward. I guess, York, if you want to tackle the… 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, there's a little bit tougher comp coming in the second quarter because of that last year, that some of those projects are -- they're probably not going to repeat to the same level that they did last year. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: I do think if you think about it, Jeff, in terms of quarters, Q1, again, as we said, we really were able to ramp up production very quickly and bring our lead times down, probably beyond our expectations initially in Q1, just given the flow through of the product at the end market through distribution and then also our ability to ramp up and execute. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: As it relates to home standby generators, not much. I mean, there's not much of a restocking effort because there's not much stocking that goes on in that category. There is some, but it's not dramatic. I would say that again our comments on portable generators before would probably be -- there's obviously a piece of what happened in Q1 that went to restocking. We also had some new customers that we added in the first quarter for portables that rolled out. So there's a piece of that, that is offsetting probably what would be more of an underlying weakness related to not having had much in the way of outage events in Q1 that would impact our portable demand. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Our lead times are pulling in a little bit further now. We're back down to our normal lead times of inside of two weeks. So we were three to four weeks at the end of the quarter. So there's a little bit more pull in here that's occurred as we've kind of caught it really back to our kind of stated lead times of inside of two weeks. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. That business, Jerry, as you know, this would be our first kind of season, right? We kind of launched those products last year. We introduced them in roughly the end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter last year and began to shop them around to customers, and we did have some customers take those products. It was a pretty modest contribution here in Q1 still. But we like the trajectory of that business, but remember, there is some seasonality there. It's primarily -- it really is kind of a Q1, Q2 game in terms of power washers. There could be some more -- a little bit maybe around certain events like Labor Day and as you get into the holidays. But primarily, it's a spring season type of product. You can think of it more of a lawn and garden type of pattern for seasonality-wise.  We're very pleased with our placement there so far. The products have been incredibly well received by the end market. A lot of retailers, a lot of big retailers, already had their season set this year and set without us. And so where we've been -- we've been kind of nibbling on the edges. We have gotten some placement in certain parts of the country with certain of those large retailers. But we're still kind of working through kind of one-off promos to test the products and see how they perform with some of those retailers. And we're in the middle of line reviews right now for next year. And we're pretty excited about the prospects for that business going forward. It's a tough market. It's a competitive market, but we think we've got some innovation there that we're bringing to that market that we believe, for the longer-term, we think we're going to be a player there. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: I haven't sat and scribbled out a range of reviews. We're not going to give guidance for 2013 on the call. But I do think that it's -- we're kind of in the single-digit market share right now. Very low single-digits. And we're growing. There are a couple of manufacturers out there that dominate the space, and we have our work cut out for us to be a worthy competitor there. So they're not going to roll over and just give us the market. We do think we're going to have to prove our worth for the end consumer in terms of bringing innovation and feature sets to the marketplace that consumers feel are worth paying for and worth putting the Generac brand in their garage. So that's something that, as we work through the year, I think we'll be able to provide a little bit more clarity into that. But right now, there really aren't many of the line reviews that are complete, so I think it'd be pretty premature for us to comment on that. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Absolutely. So the first part of the question, Jerry, the residential distribution we've done – obviously, when you get events like we had out east, the other thing that happens in addition to the demand increase for the product is also we get quite a few interested parties in being dealers for the company. And so we have expanded our distribution very nicely in the first quarter of this year. Probably from an inflection point beyond what we would normally go [ph] in terms of a trend, beyond what we would normally see this time of year. So right now our distribution is approaching 4,500 dealers at the end of the quarter. And so that's up from -- we were at over 4,200 at the end of the year, so we've added -- and that's on a net basis, that add. So that has been a nice area for us, and we believe there's going to be – again, part of our comments about this new and higher baseline that gets developed is around adding points of life to points of distribution for the product category because it's so underpenetrated.  And so we think that that's a key component of that, and so we're really excited about that. A lot of the training programs that we've done, we've had to really accelerate even further because we've added distribution so quickly. So we've been scrambling, and again, to add the infrastructure here at the company to support more dealers through more dealer development effort, through more training. We've got some really cool programs for our dealers that we rolled out here recently at the beginning of the year at our dealer forums, and we're really excited about where that's going to take our dealer base going forward in terms of making them more successful at selling the product and really identifying where opportunities are for sales. On the Honeywell side, that program also we mentioned in our prepared remarks, but that program's done quite well for us. We found that the HVAC space, which is what we're really targeting with that Honeywell brand is an area that's ripe for opportunity relative to the number, the sheer number of dealers and distributors in that space that could use a product category in addition to their heating and cooling products. So it's been very popularly received, obviously in parts of the country like the Northeast that have experienced outages where demand is higher. We are seeing a nice uplift with those products. 
Aaron Jagdfeld: Again, we appreciate everybody's time this morning. And we look forward to speaking to you on our second quarter call. Thank you very much. 
