Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Sure. So, Mike, on the C&I side, you're right. I think our comments this morning a little bit more – quite have been more constructive than they've been maybe even in the last several quarters. We've seen a really nice recovery. A lot of that's driven by a really nice recovery in the mobile business as we said in the prepared remarks. And again that kind of goes to your secondary question of the rental fleets. And our viewpoint, and this is our viewpoint, but at least as we look at the data and as we talk to our national rental customers and we serve them all, the buying that's going on today is in their minds and in ours much more related to just simply a fleet that has aged due to reduced capital spending over the last several years. And that's aged out the fleet (23:00) buying that goes on every year by the different customers in that channel. And over the last two years, it's been pared back pretty dramatically, and again, precipitated, of course, by the pullback in energy prices that occurred year and a half, two years ago. That was really the catalyst for that pullback in buying. As we've seen that return, it's come back, kind of, frankly, more quickly than we were expecting as we said, this was (23:22) in the quarter. And in fact as we look at the balance of the year, we think that that's going to be a pattern that's going to stay intact. And so internally the way we've adjusted our forecast is to take those numbers up a bit to reflect that strength. On the balance of the other – the rest of the C&I business, at least domestically, the stationary business for us, a little bit of a Tale of Two Cities; even though we had growth in the quarter year-on-year in both our distribution channel, as well as our national account channels, we see the distribution channel continuing to improve here. I think a lot of the fruits of our labor over the last several years in terms of just broadening over product line, getting ourselves in a position to win more with the contractors that make those decisions and the end-users and operators of the equipment that make the decisions. We think we've positioned ourselves very well with the breadth of our product offering and also working with specifying engineering firms to improve our spec rate. Getting yourself in a specification, named in a specification is really critical to improving your overall win rate. And so those have been focal areas for us and have done really well. The other side of the coin would our national account business, which is primarily our telecommunications business and that has been a little bit – it's – even though it grew in the quarter, it's kind of off of a low base last year.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: So the growth wasn't – the absolute numbers weren't like off the charts. We just see telecom being unfortunately kind of caught in between this 5G upgrade cycle. Generators are generally put in place, kind of at the end of cycles like this, not at the beginning. There is also, obviously, a lot to be set out there in terms of just were capital is being deployed by the telecom customers, and we just unfortunately don't see it probably being that strongly deployed towards emergency backup assets going forward. There are couple of bigger projects out there that may change that, but right now as we see it we just – I guess, we're taking what we have as information and putting it forward to say, it's probably going to be a little bit softer there for the balance of the year in the national account sector.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's definitely coming in line with where we would consider, is kind of seasonally appropriate. I think our hope when we got into the first quarter was that, that was going to happen by the end of the quarter. And really what happened there is the pace of activations – it's really difficult to like pin down which month installations can't get done, and when they can't get done based on what weather is. We started the year kind of in a cold snap in a lot of places around the country, which, kind of, maybe delayed activations a bit. We're definitely seeing here in April a very nice uptick in activations year-on-year. And so that gives us a lot – and our forecasts, and we've done a lot to try and refine our ability to get comfortable with an activations forecasts that's out a number of quarters ahead of us here. And we use a lot of inputs to get that. And as we refine that over the years here, I think we've got some confidence built around the fact that we think activations in the second quarter are going to be much improved. Now some of that's from the Matthew event in the fourth quarter, some of its some power outage of activity that happened in March in Michigan. We are running more pull promotions to kind of stimulate end market demand, and I think we're finding a better balance there on promotion activity. In the past a lot of our promotion activity has been aimed directly at channel partners and I think that's one way to do it. But I think having a better balance of a mix of channel partner incentives to make sure that they're stocking around the right seasonal points in the curve where they should be. And then also the right amount of promotional activity to the end market to stimulate demand at certain, again, appropriate points in the year is something that we've struggled to maybe find the right balance. I think we are coming into a better place on that. And those things are really helping to put that filed inventory in a much better place here, certainly by the end of the quarter.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Brian, it's not materially different on the resi side. And I think if you were to – again, we gave a range, right? And within those ranges there's going to be some variability. So for us it's just we felt with only one quarter under our belt, three quarters to go, to change the ranges when – obviously, we've taken up as we've said because of the things that we're seeing on the industrial side, the C&I side, I think that that was an appropriate kind of adjustment internally here, and not really changing resi, I guess. As our comments – the prepared remarks is pretty clear. I mean, if the trends that we saw in Q1 continue to play out here, we could end up – it's likely we'd end up at the higher end of the sales range, which from a mix, just purely from a mix standpoint would take you more to the lower end of the range in the EBITDA guidance. But it's early in the year and we didn't feel appropriate to materially change the guidance that we gave a couple of months ago.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: So, a lot of our comments over the last several years actually prior to the breakdown in pricing in the energy sector, we were very bullish on oil and gas. Domestic energy production, we think is a long term play. There is a secular trend there that is going to be punctuated by points in the curve that are going to – there's going to be pull backs, the oil markets have always been. They've always had those sharp movements and over the long-haul, we're very bullish about our position serving those markets. And so as they recover and really it's the capital spending that in the ancillary type equipment that we would provide for temporary lighting, temporary power, temporary heat. As that capital spending picks up in that market, we're looking for good things. Now, does it happen next quarter? Does it happen in the back half of this year? I don't know. We are optimistic, it's going to happen. I guess we're being less discrete about when it happens. It's a question of really not if, but when. And so for us we like the market. We think it's going to happen. We're starting to see some signs. You're right. The green shoots are out there relative to rig counts and things like that. As those production activities pick up, we really like to see oil prices elevate a bit higher, because everything we've heard in the marketplace is that kind of that mid-50s to upper-50s range is really what gets the industry very excited now. They continue to bring down their costs per barrel, their production cost per barrel. So maybe that breakeven point or the point to make money moves down further. And so, maybe we need to recalibrate, and we'd see better things at $52 than at $49, I don't know. But we're bullish about the long term.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: We would think that, that would lead to increased buying by channel partners. Again, if we get our inventory levels as we said, the pace of activations or installations as they're occurring, we would see that being at a much more seasonally appropriate level at the end of Q2. And remember coming into Q3, we want channel partners to have inventory, because they need to be ready for season. So there's – well, what we talk about here as seasonally appropriate, those are levels that – consistent with prior years that are levels that would reflect that. But we think that the activation data we're seeing today, Jeff, is frankly, very supportive of what our second quarter and kind of the balance of the year for our forecast would be reflective of.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: On the C&I side, there's not much in the way of field inventory at all. You've got – the rental partners have their fleets obviously, but in terms of actual inventory in the field, that market doesn't have much of that. Our field inventory comments, Chris, are almost always exclusively talking about the residential side.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. Correct. And the stationary C&I business is a very project oriented business. So, when a piece of equipment is ordered, it's a lead-time business, so it's a book-to-bill business. So there's a fair amount of lead-time and the sales cycle is very long on those stationary products. The mobile product's a little different. That's a almost – I don't want to call it a retail sale, but it's being sold to a rental customer for use and almost immediately in a rental yard, because they're very in tune with the return on the invested capital there and deploying those assets almost immediately into a rental application is what they're after.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, without getting too granular Jerry, because we just – we don't kind of break it down that way for competitive reasons. But obviously the mobile business for us was a big part of that. We're talking – in an overall C&I kind of mid-teens growth there. And in terms of like you mentioned Brazil as kind of one area of the world, for us, the Brazil business for us is a very small business and it's a challenging market obviously, I think as most would attest to. But it's really not a meaningful part of the story here. The really meaningful part of the story is the mobile products piece. C&I stationary growth is – that's – I don't want to say it's more pedestrian, but it's definitely – it grew, but it's a little bit more of a – I don't want to say it's a GDP grower, but it's kind of a GDP to two times GDP type grower. So you're really looking at that kind of low to mid single-digit type of growth normally in that business, but really the snapback in the mobile business is really what drove that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. We get some third-party data that we track, Charley. And we're prohibited from disclosing it. So it is proprietary data and it's sold. We're a buyer of that data, so we can't give it here on the public call or any call. But it is older than it has been. I guess is the best way I can say it. And there is different ages for different customers for different equipment. And as you can imagine it's all over the map. But in general, when you step back and you look at the average ages of the fleet, which is what we track for both lighting towers and primarily for generators, we see an older fleet today than we saw last year, and than we saw two years ago. And that historically in that business there are a couple of things that are really important to watch. One is the age of the fleet. The other is rental rates, what are the average rental rates per day for the equipment. And then what are the used equipment prices, so the secondary market prices. So putting those kind of three data points together (45:22) position of future demand with that market and with those individual customers. So we take as much data as we can to try and feed into the formulation of that forecast and that's kind of what's helping us get more bullish here as we go through 2017 and have taken up our viewpoints on that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Sure. John (46:24), from an integration standpoint, integrations are – we've done, I guess 9 almost – maybe 10 acquisitions now over the last five plus years. So we've gotten a little bit better at it. I'd like to think every time we do an acquisition, I think we have an improved approach every time, continuous improvement, like any company. Some of the acquisitions also depends; some of the acquisitions are operated more standalone Motortech is a much more standalone company. It's a component supplier to the industry. And so, the benefits of deep integration there are more limited. It doesn't mean that we don't have synergies relative to cost structures and in other areas where we can work together, that was part of our thesis. But other businesses, whether it be Pramac or CHP or other companies like that, I think we've done a very nice job of working through the integration programs and we're seeing actually in a lot of cases some really nice synergistic things occurring both on the cost side now and the revenue side. In terms of additional complexity, the business has become more complex. There is no question about it, as a result of the acquisitions, as a result of our expansion organically. We've had to adjust the way that we manage the business because we want to manage obviously that complexity in a more simple fashion and keep it simple if we can. As it relates to supply chain and some of the other areas you pointed out, one of the things that a core tenant of the acquisition strategy here over the course of the last five plus years has been to acquire companies where it was clear there were advantages synergistically in supply chain. So that actually is pretty easy. A lot of things, almost all of the products and companies that we've come to acquire have an engine in the heart of them. And so, we've become a very large, not only producer of engines for our own use, but also a purchaser of engines in places like diesel engines, where we don't produce engines. So we've become an important customer for many of that supplier – that supply base, which is what gives us the synergies that we look to when we make these acquisitions. So again, I think we've gotten better at it. I think we're managing it, and can always continue to improve on that. As far as organic R&D efforts, we have over 300 engineers on staff here. The core Generac does and then you'd add in the Motortech engineering team as well on top of that. There's – we've got a lot of engineering horsepower. And so there are a lot of things that are going on organically, we've introduced a lot of new products over the years. We're going to continue to introduce a lot of new products over the years. We've got some very exciting product updates coming later this year as a matter of fact on the residential side where we'll have remote monitoring will be a standard feature of all of our home standby generators as we exit the year here in 2017. That is going to be in our minds a very, very powerful tool, in terms of data collection, in terms of home ownership experience, in terms of the customer sat experience, our ability to see power outages in real time, to see the performance of the equipment in real time. There's just a tremendous amount of opportunities that are going to arise from that platform. And we've been working very hard on building that out here over the last two years. And it really is, today we sell a cellular based service as an accessory and we have a relatively small take rate on that. But it's grown to be a nice business for us from an EBITDA standpoint, it's actually a very nice business. The dollars are smaller, but we think that there is a great place to expand that platform and really scale that up and sell a service here beyond just selling the product. And I don't want to say that we're going to call this a shift in being a service company versus a products company, we're still a products company. But adding that recurring revenue stream on a service basis going forward in the residential market for us over the next several years we develop this out, I think is going to be a pretty exciting place for us to be.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Well, Ross, penetration grows with every single unit we put in the market. So even if sales are down year-over-year slightly, it accumulates, right? So penetration is an accumulation. So it's not an annual number, it's an accumulation. A total amount of installed products on households and that's a little less than, right around 4% today. Again, as we said in the prepared remarks, no single region where it's more than 6%. So, we think that there's a lot of runway left in terms of our – we are constantly reassessing the addressable market to make sure that we're – so that's really a function of marketing, right, to make sure that we're pointing ourselves in the right direction where the opportunities are. As we've said in the past, we do believe that if you look at the first kind of fence post in the penetration curve portable generators would represent a nice place to start. And those portable generators are in roughly 12% to 14% of U.S. households, all U.S. households today...
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: ...and growing. So, we think that that represents an opportunity area for us. If people go out and spend the average ticket there is $700 to $1000 depending on the machine. If they're out there spending that kind of money and if we can introduce them to this category, the installed product, which is clearly a step-up product, we think there is a great opportunity to convert those buyers into owners of home standby over time. And that's really been the thesis and there's – it's multifaceted, right. We go after new construction, where we see penetration kind of over-indexed almost two times, what it – the overall penetration rate is here today, overall. So we've seen people looking at home standby generators as they're building new homes, which is what you want to do because it reduces the installation cost. We've been very focused on reducing the overall total cost of ownership of these products, which we think helps continue to unlock additional layers of demand, and we've done a lot of testing, just elasticity modeling on price versus volume. And what we see there is as we can push price down, the total cost of ownership that's the equipment and the installation cost. As we bring that lower, there's more market to be had. And so we're focusing on that with our channel partners first in the installation cost side of that as we've remarked over the last couple of years here. We think there's an opportunity within that to continue to improve the efficiency of an installation, to make the machines easier to connect to a home. And so, we think there's a fair amount of work to still be done there. And so we're very bullish overall as we said. I think that – you just have to think in terms of the raw numbers here, every 1% of penetration, Ross, is a $2 billion market opportunity. We believe our market share is somewhere in that 75% range. So as we like to say around here that's really good math. So, we're going to continue to focus on that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: It's a great question. So our contractor channel, our dealer channel is a very important channel to us. It's our largest channel and it goes hand-in-hand really with all the other channels. We use a very omni-channel approach to distribution and sales and marketing of the residential products. We think that's very fundamental. When you have a category like this it's only 4% penetrated. We don't think it's developed or matured to the point where it makes sense to pick a channel. I think it – and if you think of the individual kind of roles of each of the channels, they all have their role and their place in the market. So our dealer channel is kind of a turnkey solution, right? So if you as a homeowner, you don't want to project manage this on your own, you don't want to go to Home Depot and put it in the back of a pickup truck. You just want to have a turnkey solution. Somebody's going to do everything from the minor landscaping that has to be done, to the gas connections, to the electrical connections, to then maintaining the product down the line with a service contract. That's where the dealer channel comes in and they do very, very well at maintaining those customers. In fact, it's our best customer experience. But you do have people who want to buy and do these projects. They want to project manage it themselves, they want to save a few dollars. So they might go to Home Depot or they might buy a product online and manage that themselves or maybe they have certain elements of the skill sets that they want to do themselves, they want to have their own sweat equity into the project to reduce the total cost. That's the role that retail and our e-tail partners would play in that. And then the wholesale channel, which is another very important channel for us, electrical wholesalers that we've been involved with for over a decade. They serve the broader contractor network that doesn't buy direct from us. So our network of dealers about 5,500 strong today, which is an all-time high as we said in the prepared remarks. But there are over 70,000 electrical contractors in the U.S., there's over 100,000 HVAC contractors. So those contractors, who don't buy from us in a direct basis and don't necessarily want to be in the category as dealers still want access to the product because for them it's a project that they have – they can put their labor into on the installation side. Having access to the products through wholesalers is an important part of the market. And so, in terms of managing the conflict, we use a number of strategies for that, we use pricing, we use brands, we use product assortment. We think we've found an optimal mix to not only minimize conflict, but actually create the interplay between the different channel partners that is more complementary than it is a conflict. So, it's a dance, it's something we've been doing for 15 years, and I think we're very good at it. And I think we don't have enough points of light to be honest with you. I think we more – if we're going to get above 4% penetration over time, we've got to grow the channel.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: I think it's a couple of years, Jeff. We can pick on one example with Pramac, which as we've said I think we've made public comments. It's kind of a mid-single digit margin kind of company. And we think that the opportunity there is to expand that to something closer to the low-teens. Now that could take time. It doesn't happen overnight. There – a company like that, each one is different, right? So – but a company like that, internationally they have a very broad footprint. They have 14 sales offices serving 150 countries. So there are fixed cost layer to serve that the rest of the world is expensive.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: But it's established and it's good. What we have to do is help them grow the top line. They've done a nice job of that even without our help, frankly, over the last several years and they continue to do very well in that regard. For us it's about how can we help them not only leverage some of the products that we manufacture whether it be gas products or other mobile products and put that into those distribution – those established distribution channels, established distribution branches, but then also how do we consolidate on our supply chain side to get some of the – squeeze the juice out of some of that. And so it's going to come from both sides of that, but it's going to take a number of years before we see that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: I think it's a combination of things. Stanley, personally, not having the specter of having had any major outage events here in the last several years doesn't help, right? There's no sharp point around network quality when it comes to power outages. If outages are low as they've been historically here over the last five years or so, there's no real sense of urgency around having that backup asset, so that doesn't help. I will say this, we don't think that fundamentally anything's changed other than their focus, right? Their focus is being pulled in a lot of different directions right now, everything from what's going to happen with some of the net neutrality rules, what's going to happen as they spend to buy more spectrum, what's going to happen as they buy other assets, the conversion to 5G. There's just a lot of – I would call it almost uncertainty, around what the network of the future is going to look like. And so with that level of uncertainty, I think just comes a natural level of, okay, we're not exactly sure what assets we're going to buy. And frankly, if you're looking at deploying capital they always historically have deployed it first for the site and then they come back around and add a generator later. You can operate the site without the generator. You just take the risk that if power goes out in that area that you may not. I think the one thing that really continues to be in our favor, it's really two things. Its power quality, just longer term is going to continue to be poor because of the fundamental problem with the electrical infrastructure in this country. Nothing's been done to address that in any material way at this point. So that's going to remain out there. And secondarily, this has now become from an economic standpoint, you're buying – we're all buying our wireless plans are pay by the drink basically, right. So if a site goes down, it's not as simple as us not being able to make a call anymore, which is true, but the data can't be transmitted either, and because you're billed on a data basis, there's actually an economic penalty to many of the telecom carriers when the site is dark. So they have an incentive obviously to make sure that there's as much uptime. You want five or six nines of uptime quality on each site, simply for that very reason economically.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: ...within the category. It's really – our guidance kind of contemplates the fact that there was this field inventory overhang a bit, which extended here into the beginning of the second quarter, just because of the broad timing of the activations and when they happen, instead of happening in March that lift, it's happening in April instead on the back of – again, some of these pull promotions and then some of the outage activity we saw. But I think, for us, as we said the residential guidance remains largely unchanged. It didn't – still kind of down a bit for the year is what we're pacing towards. We've said I think the surprise upside potential there is if you do get a normalization back to kind of normal outage rates or maybe a larger outage event. Those things are – and we've always said that in this company. It's kind of – it's an embedded upside opportunity within owning GNRC shares is that you've got this kind of unpredictable thing, but it's all upside. And frankly when it does happen as you guys have seen historically with the company and as I've seen over my 20-plus years with the company, it happens fast and it generally is very, very positive thing for the company. So those things just haven't happened in the last four or five years. And we do believe that there will be a normal return to that cycle eventually. It's just a question of when.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: We'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to our second quarter 2017 earnings release, which we anticipate will be sometime in early August. With that, we'll say goodbye. Thank you very much.
York A. Ragen: Brian, its York. I think you're right, the qualitative commentary we gave on a product basis for our 2017 guidance was as you said on the resi side down, down slightly given the Q1 de-stock that we've been talking about and really once you lap to Q4 and not assuming another Hurricane Matthew we would have a tough comp in Q4, so that would – those were the drivers on the resi side. To talk about down slightly, in terms of where we're looking at today we still think that, that's not materially different, still down slightly. On the C&I side, we talked about strong growth on the mobile side. You know back in February when we launched our guidance we talked about solid growth elsewhere throughout the C&I channels that we sell-through and markets, and given Aaron's commentary, not only in the prepared remarks, but in the Q&A here, we're seeing very strong upside on the mobile side. So, we're taking that up. And then, we're still seeing good things on the C&I side, so – outside of mobile, so that's I guess the revisions there.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. As we said that Pramac business only has – a small piece of that is portables. So of the $40 million again Motortech and Pramac January and February for Pramac are in there. And of the Pramac piece, a small piece is in resi. It's small; we haven't quantified it, Jeff. But it is small. And on the resi side, the as reported number, it's only a little bit of that because of the Pramac contribution from acquisition.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. The International segment was really created over the last three or four years, starting with Ottomotores acquisition, and Tower Light, and Pramac, and Motortech. And as we've highlighted those are businesses with lower EBITDA margins and the investment thesis there is that you buy a company with, call it, mid single digit EBITDA margins and you want to double that through synergies and driving the top line. And in getting – that International segment is all about getting into that addressable market that we had not had access to prior to those acquisitions. It's over $15 billion annual market and why shouldn't we be playing in that market. So, we expect those margins to increase on the international side. And we have a path to do that and we believe they will continue to increase over time here.
York A. Ragen: Hey, Jerry, this is York. So I think when you think of commodities, a lot of that what were the higher inflationary pressures on the commodity side are that's going to be in the run rate here in the first half, given the legs that we see with our supply chain in our inventory. On the flip side, we've had benefits on the FX side. So those have helped, muted some of that, those commodity pressures. When you look forward to the second half of the year, as seasonally we've indicated EBITDA margins will increase. A large piece of that is just leveraging your OpEx on the higher sales volumes. There is price in there. We've gone out with price increases. As the market strengthens, we'll get more price – we'll get that price. On the cost side, that's a small piece of the puzzle bridging from first half to second half. But there is still a similar cost improvements that we see from first half to second half, in particular the things you've talked about on our Strategic Global Sourcing Group, design improvements on our products to lower the cost of product. So we do have a piece of that, a small piece of the bridge is that, but the bigger piece of the puzzle going from first half to second half is going to be leveraging OpEx on the higher sales volume, and then getting some price with the price increases that we rolled out. And the mix, I guess, the other – the last piece of the puzzle is improved mix with higher home standby sales mix in the second half versus the first half.
York A. Ragen: We did not. We did talk about given the trends we're seeing in Q1 and should those trends improve, and particularly on the mobile side, top the sales, top end – would be on the top end of our guidance range, EBITDA margin would be on the low end. So if you just carry that forward into gross margin and OpEx, gross margin should be on the low end of any range that you had for gross margin, and OpEx should be better because you'll leverage the increase in sales, so when you net that all together the gross margin moving down on the mix, OpEx improving a bit on the volume you'd get to the low end of the range in EBITDA.
York A. Ragen: Just like I said that, layering in that upside for mobile should bring that gross margin down from a mix standpoint, but you'll leverage your OpEx a little bit.
