Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, it's -- I mean obviously capacity right now, Phil, is we're, as you say, we're flat out, and we're starting to see actually capacity pressures even in our C&I business which, thankfully, we have a brand new plant down in Mexico that we brought online last year. We haven't talked a ton about it, but it's a beautiful facility. It's primarily there to serve the Latin American market consolidation of our previous operations down in Mexico City, but we can use that facility as well for other things. And we'll probably end up doing some products for the US and Canada down there simply just because we're going to be up against some capacity things here too, especially in the smaller C&I ranges for telecom. The telecom business is looking like it's -- the line-up there is pretty strong relative to demand. But on the -- back on the home standby side. Yes, the new facility in Trenton is going to be a big boost. You're right, the 75% improvement that we say or increase that we've been indicating in capacity was off of the previous capacity limitations as we entered 2020. So we did raise those numbers over the course of 2020. So in effect with that new facility coming online, we can get more -- more capacity. And then that site is actually expandable about 2, 2.5 times its existing size today if we choose to go that route. So to answer your question, when do we see catching this? We're going to be working hard all year long to do that. Remember, recall that we do have some temporary production that we stood up in one of our other facilities here in Wisconsin. The initial plan was to take that down as we ramped up the Trenton facility over the summer. We could choose to leave if demand remains strong, and every indication right now is that will be the case, we could leave that temporary capacity add online, which gives us kind of an incremental bump above where kind of we would be if it was just Whitewater and Trenton. So -- but the way we've sized the equipment and everything in the Trenton facility, we think we'll be ramping throughout the full year. And we'll will kind of hit the ground running here mid-year and hopefully be at kind of max rates by the end of the year. That would be the goal.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, it's a great question, Tommy, We do a ton of work around the demographics of the customer bases that buy those products over the years. It's just as the leader in that category and as building it out, we had to develop the market, so understanding who the buyer was and where the opportunities were. And frankly, one of the things we learned in that is understanding who the buyer wasn't, right. So who wasn't buying the products and why? Who went through the sale process and didn't buy and why didn't they buy? Those are all important considerations. And to answer your question though, demographically typically the product category historically has skewed older, right. So something on the order of 70% of the customers have been over age 50 historically, and that's really because home ownership kind of follows those trends. We have seen indications early in the pandemic, what we saw, and it's a little bit dicey when we talk about this because you have to talk about that expansion in the geography. As an example, Florida was such a hot market last year for us. And it just, it typically demographically is an older market. So we actually saw our demo shift older, but when you strip out Florida, actually the demo for other states was shifting younger, which is really fascinating. I think what it speaks to, Florida was an interesting dynamic because you had a lot of people who went down over the winter last year. The pandemic started to take hold February and March. They chose to kind of shelter in place and stay in Florida. If they didn't own a generator, they came to the conclusion very quickly they needed one because they were going to be basically stuck in Florida. And they started to get worried about something that if you're not living there, you don't worry about over the summer, which is the hurricane season. So, we saw marked interest in Florida by that market, and that led to kind of a skew towards older. But everywhere else it was younger. And so what we're seeing is younger families, in particular people who are moving out of cities, metro areas, and into homes, and again they're working from home now, in particular. They're not driving back into the city to go into an office. They're staying in their home. And so they start to connect the dots, and maybe they experience their first outage in their new home, and they figure out very quickly just how vulnerable they are. You hear us use this term power security. We started introducing in the terminology here, and it's not an unfamiliar term for those around the industry, but this idea of making sure that you've got a continuous source of power to protect your home, your family, your livelihood is I think -- is really resonating across certainly across geographies, as we talked, but demographically I think it's resonating in particular with people who are shifting to that work from home model and learn from home model.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, it's something that as part of the thesis behind the acquisition of Enbala was that obviously we make, we make a lot of products that could be used as distributed energy resources, right. So we have $2 million home standby generators on the ground. We have literally hundreds of megawatts of C&I products that we put into the market every year. It's actually, if you step back and you think of the potential, and I called it out in the prepared remarks, and we think we're in this incredibly unique position given the scale that we can bring to this with the assets that we already, not only that we already have on the ground, but certainly that we put into the market on a year-in and year-out basis. And those assets combined now with the technology, which is Enbala, the Concerto platform is the enablement of those assets to be used in a much more fulsome way right, to the benefit of the end users, grid operators, utility companies, ourselves, right, Generac. I mean there is an opportunity for us to participate in that. We haven't given really clear kind of longer range guidance on this yet, because we're trying to get our arms around just what are the different business models that are out there and available to us, and there are a lot of them. I talked about few of them in the script here today, but there is a lot of different ways we could play this. I think the opportunity doesn't begin though until we get the products to be connected to the Enbala network, and that's what our effort is here in the early innings. So we just closed on this acquisition in really the beginning of Q4 in October. So we've been diligently working on our roadmaps to make sure we can take our existing residential generators, our existing C&I generators, our existing PWRcell storage devices and then some of our newer load management products that I talked about on the call today. We're going to make all of those what we refer to as Enbala ready. And by doing that, in effect, we have an asset that can be much more strongly positioned with a much higher value proposition for an end-user, beyond -- well beyond just emergency standby in the case of our legacy products. And so again, I'm not answering your question directly only because we're still kind of working through how do we want to speak to this, what is the potential, how easy or hard will it be to monetize that potential, right? And then what does that monetization look like for us specifically? So, I think in the end one thing we are convinced about is, we're going to able to sell more assets, right. I mean the assets we sell today -- we're selling a lot of assets today, primarily on the premise of emergency backup. If now those assets could be deployed as part of a virtual power plant or distributed grid and they have much more utility and value, suddenly you take an asset like a home standby that doesn't have a payback for a homeowner. That's not why a homeowner buys it. And you turn into something that could provide a payback for that homeowner, if the generator were to be switched on by the Enbala network, by a grid operator or an energy retailer several times a year, several hours a year, for the benefit of reducing the premium they pay on the open market when there are supply-demand imbalances on the grid. So it is a super exciting area for us and more to come. More to come from us on that and really looking forward to again our unique position with grid services.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Phil. We think that those are largely behind us. We had some constraints as you mentioned, logistics mainly. For a while there, we were flying pieces and parts over the top of boats on the West Coast ports. We've got a full inventory position now and everything we need. And we think that that's going to be -- going to give us a good start here to 2021. And it's certainly an important part of getting to that 50% to 75% growth rate that we're quoting for our expectations next year. So -- but supply chain is a constraint. It's a concern, a challenge. I would imagine for most companies right now like ours it's -- every day is a new battle with something right. I mean it's just it's hand to hand combat right now down in the trenches on trying to get pieces and parts from the supply chain, all the way through into our warehouses and in the hands of our customers. So -- but the particular things you're mentioning there we've got behind us.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, I'm right alongside you on that one, Ross. We have been making some major investments in our Whitewater facility where -- which has been the primary center of gravity for manufacturing of those products. And those are investments, multi-year, multi-tens of millions of dollars that we've been putting in that facility to ramp production there. And honestly, we came into this year. We've put a bunch of automation in that facility early in the year well before the pandemic hit. So we thought we were in pretty good shape. And then the demand curve has just been, I -- you talk about the loss of words and superlatives. Mike's running out of things in the thesaurus here -- every time we write these prepared remarks, we're trying to figure out how else to describe what we're seeing, because it's -- it is -- it's really something. And I guess, while we're not quoting a distinct number, I'll just get to the heart of it. At the end of the year, I think we said -- in the Q3 call, we said our lead times on home standby generators were between 16 to 20 week. So pick the midpoint on that. It's about 18 weeks as kind of where we exited the year at if you ordered one. It was 18 weeks out. Today, we stand at about 20 weeks. So it's actually gone the wrong way on us. And that's -- again we're at all-time daily records we're hitting every day at our facility there. That Trenton facility can't come online fast enough. It's -- I wish we had a better answer for people. Our customers are really patient. I think the one thing that -- the one saving grace if there is one here is, this is a home improvement project. So people are somewhat acclimated to home improvement projects generally taking a long time. There is permitting involved, there's inspections involved. It's not just a kind of a one and done deal where you have something you order and then it gets shipped to your house. This is -- there's contractors involved and other authorities and jurisdictional authorities and things like that. So, I think -- I'm not trying to say we have some cover for the longer lead times, but they get accepted to a degree. Lead times are long, but we don't see a ton of cancellations, it's very sticky backlog. To answer your question about as compared to when we exited 2012 into 2013, after Sandy. It's orders of magnitude higher, hundreds of millions. And it's a huge number. You can do some of the back of the envelope math if you look at our HSB kind of pacing in Q4, and you kind of think about our normal lead times of one to two weeks and being out 18 at the end of the year and then that growing another two weeks. You can kind of model that out and probably arrive at some -- a range there of some thoughts on what the backlog might look like, but it's not an English word, but ginormous is one of the words we can use to describe it.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Mike. So making really good progress on the distribution front, that's your question. I think in the prepared remarks we said like, we've trained over 4,200 energy -- we call them contractors. We sell kind of in a multiple of ways there into the channels. We two step through electrical wholesalers -- clean energy electrical wholesalers. And we also sell in some cases direct to a large national partners like Sunnova, who is one of our partners, a great partner of ours. And then, we serve a number of other kind of larger independent kind of long tail energy, clean energy companies directly. So really made good progress though. And it's been -- one thing we learned with the home standby business is you really got to have a lot of points of light, especially in something that's growing that's not as penetrated right. And certainly storage is a lot like the parallels there between home standby, in terms of the early days of home standby 20 years ago and what storage looks like today are eerily similar, super low penetration rates, super low awareness, pretty expensive, kind of lacked kind of availability in terms of where you could access the product, market access. So we know, we knew the roadmap, we had to take to change that. So we've been really focused heavily on that here. And I think our sales and marketing efforts, the efforts to put together sales processes for these channel partners and path leads to them, right. I mean one of their barriers to growth has always been customer acquisition costs, and here we are giving our channel partner leads for free. We're paying when -- they're not free of course, we're spending millions and millions on advertising to drive the leads into our hands, but we're giving them to our channel partners, so that they can see -- so they can have success. Because if they have success, we have success, it's a symbiotic relationship. So again, I don't know if I'm getting to the heart of your question, but really focused on building out that distribution network.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, so I think one thing that we've done is we're basically going to market from a differentiated standpoint. The way we differentiate is we focus on whole home back up, whole home power capability, right. So we have a largest inverter in the industry, which allows for more to be connected to the system at any one point in time, right. So people we compete with have smaller inverters and therefore the capacity constraints that are -- that manifest as a result of that mean that you can't take everything in your home and try and run it at the same time. There's just serious limitations to that if you have a smaller inverter. It's one of the reasons we really like the Pika energy system is it had a very high capacity inverter, and also the battery cabinets and the battery capacity, we believe we have one of the largest capacity availabilities in the industry. So you get longer duration then. If the outage lasts more than four hours, eight hours, you start to run into trouble, but we definitely can do quite a bit with the current size of the system. So that's how we differentiate. Are we getting our fair share? I think so. I mean we're growing very quickly. You can look at growth rates from others who are in this industry and how they describe their own growth in Q4 in clean energy and in particular around storage, right, if we just want to focus on that. And I would say our 75% growth rate is best in class, at least for those companies that have talked about it openly. So we feel like we're making good headway. We feel like we're building the brand and the space there, adding the distribution. And as I said on the prepared remarks, we've got a huge pipeline of really cool new stuff coming that I think it's going to only continue to separate us from the pack here as the market grows.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Well, we hope to have the capability to be at full utilization by the end of the year should we need it.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Absolutely, Jed. I mean, when you look at, I would take our -- let's start with our legacy business, right, which we've been focused on for over 60 years, and it's about emergency backup. And an emergency backup system is, frankly, it's about cost. It's about first piece cost and what that system is capable of in terms of output, right. And so efficiency, rarely if ever, comes into the consideration for a homeowner or even a business owner for that matter. What's the cost of the system? What is my potential loss during an outage and how long could I run if I needed to, right? And so the efficiency was never really a consideration. Of course, we are concerned about things like that. In fact, I might point out one of the reasons we've been able to successively go larger with like our air cooled solution as an example -- we introduced the 24 KW air-cooled unit, is because we did focus on efficiency, right. We looked at the internal workings of the machine itself, both at the engine and at the alternator and made some design changes that allowed us to get a more efficient connected output to convert the mechanical energy to electrical. So that was an example where it's allowed us to position with the industry's leading product line. Now thinking forward, you're right. As you think about a distributed energy network or you think of the Grid 2.0 or 3.0, depending on your viewpoints on what you want to call it. I think that the new grid, this changing energy landscape, it's about a focus on decarbonizing, digitizing, right and decentralizing, right, the three Ds of that transition and that transformation that's underway. And so efficiency does play an important role there. But that being said, I think that the ability though to take an asset, which was primarily viewed only in the context of resiliency and for an emergency duty, and to use it more frequently, for peak times, right. If you want to think about peak times, there is a significant benefit to that when you think about that machine's usefulness over its life, right. So, as it sits there today, a machine delivered for emergency backup only will run a very limited amount of time in its life. That machine is fully capable of running much more. But unless it's called upon it doesn't. And so -- but with the Enbala platform, and with the idea of expanding grid services, it could be put into that type of mode. And that is a -- that's an exciting advancement as we talked on the prepared remarks and then on some of the Q&A. And I think we are very early in the innings in this transformation. And as I said before, I think one of the really interesting things as we look across what's going on in our business today, all the demand for home standby is about resiliency, primarily right. And so most of those customers who are buying home standby today or clamouring for one, really aren't even thinking about that that could be used in a different way. We're going to be educating people that it could. And I think that's going to open up even more opportunity and potential with the category, those existing categories, the legacy products. And that's what makes it so exciting I think, because again we just, we think that the added value prop, the improved value prop of those products is going to help us sell a lot more of them. So, I think that's why when you think about where this is going and our unique position as the asset manufacturer coming at this, right. I think a lot of others in this industry that we're competing against have come at it from maybe the software aspect or maybe the clean energy aspect. We're coming at it from an asset production aspect. And we're saying let's enable those assets to do a lot more because we know they can. And by the way, the majority of those assets, they're natural gas fired. So they're very clean in terms of the overall carbon footprint. So it's just -- we think it's just a really good -- good setup.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So we talk about Power partners, and again because we're selling in some cases two step right. So we're selling to the contractors. They're selling to clean energy, part of your question, Jerry. That really is, it's about -- I think, we're at 700. And we've got a bunch of them in the pipeline as well.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Correct, correct. And then the first part of your question on the connectability. So we've got 2 million home standbys in the field. I'll just focus on residential, because I think it's a little bit easier to get our arms around the answer to the question. And frankly, the numbers are just big. Two million machines that we've put out in the field over the last, call it 20 years to 25 years. Starting with the products in 2008, those versions of products, those are connectable through our Wi-Fi solutions. Starting in, I think it was 2018, they began coming out of the box as standard with Wi-Fi connectability. But the 10 years of product -- the generation of product previous to that you can buy a device from us, an accessory device to make those connectable. That represents about 1.5 million of the 2 million going from 2008 forward. So think about in terms of ease of connectability, you can still connect the previous generation products, the 500,000 that are out there. It's just a little bit harder. The software and the hardware is a little more complicated. Those machines are older and not as quite -- obviously, they've been out in the market for some time, anything pre-2008. These machines have a lifecycle of 15 to 20 years. So, now just taking this one step further. What we have on our Wi-Fi and cellular platforms today is about a quarter million machines that are actively talking to us every day. So I think that's pretty exciting, when you just think of the scale of that, a quarter million since really 2018, the number of machines that are out there. That is pretty meaningful. We haven't really talked about that. So it's kind of an important data point that we haven't given before, but -- and it's rapidly growing. And we have, there are subscription revenues to some of the services. We do it -- some of them are sold through our channel partners. We call them fleet subscriptions. Some of them are just consumer subscriptions. It's actually a pretty cool business, and it's growing quite nicely. But what's really important about that is, those machines, those quarter of a million machines, for the most part, you're just talking about a software update, right. And all of those machines today, by the way, everything that's been coming out standard since 2018, you can do over the air updates with the firmware and software, which is awesome. So any new features like the Enbala platform, we can send it across the airwaves as an update to that equipment. So that's pretty powerful stuff. It's not unlike what you're hearing from others out there in different industries. We have that capability. We thought that, that was going to be really important for us to make sure that was in the technology roadmap here and the technology stack, and it is. So anyway, kind of bringing it to closure though. This is actively ramping. There's a lot of machines out there that we're getting data from and that we can enroll in those platforms. And then going forward, the roadmap, we want to make Enbala standard much the same as we made Wi-Fi connectable technology standard in 2018. We believe that every machine by the end of this year, every home standby shipping will have -- it will be Enbala-ready if you will, and our storage devices as well.
York Ragen: Yes, I know that, I mean basically you confirmed what we said in our prepared remarks. We saw a large ramp in Q4, up 75% from Q3, and that momentum is going to continue into this year. And with the positive things we're seeing, we're showing -- we're talking 50% or 75% increase in '21 versus 2020.
York Ragen: Yes, Ross. It's York. So yes, making very good progress on gross margin optimization. A lot of focus on the bill of material, a lot of focus on supply chain. And you're right, leaving the year here in 2020, in Q4, we were profitable. That was a nice landmark or a milestone for the start-up business being profitable in Q4. But throughout 2021, we do expect to ramp up our gross margins to somewhere in the mid-30% range. So that's relative -- what did we do almost 40%, well, I guess, high 30s here gross margin for 2020, so close to the Company average by the end of '21 is the plan. And then obviously we're going to be ramping up on our operating expenses to really go fast after this market. So expecting EBITDA margins to grow throughout the year as well, along with gross margins maybe hitting double digits there by the end of the year for EBITDA margins.
York Ragen: Yes. And I think that the first part of your question is, I would say that both Resi, C&I would probably follow similar trends in that 48-52. And I don't know if your second question was around that the 75% increase in capacity. That's a capacity number, it doesn't necessarily mean that's where we'll be at in the building by the end of the year. But we haven't given that number out, like…
