York Ragen: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our third quarter earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on a forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: Yeah, if you looked at our as reported growth was about 2% headline number. The organic piece of that was actually down about 7%. So acquisitions had about 9% impact there and if you break that out organically between residential part and C&I, it's residential organically it was down around 6% and C&I was down just North of double digits.
York Ragen: Hey, Jeff, it's York. Just the receivable number, if you look at where sales went up sequentially - sales went up sequentially about 25% receivable went up about 29%, so they are about inline and those more heavily waited for sort of the back part of the quarter. So I guess if you calculate the DSO's there they are not out of whack we weren't extending terms for sales and trading up sales for terms. So I'm not worried about the receivable position. What I'm actually pleased about two of them on the foot side is on the inventory side we reduce inventories around $25 million now that obviously will get those into receivables and then will collect that in the fourth quarter. So typically if you look at our the seasonality of our free cash flow fourth quarter is typically a big quarter for us from a free cash flow standpoint this year will be no different and probably even more. So this year because we did have that higher inventory levels coming out of the second quarter that we're monetizing that we'll monetize in the fourth quarter. So we feel good about our guide there relative to the free cash flow in the fourth quarter.
York Ragen: Yeah. Coming in the third quarter the clarification it was up slightly as well. In comment it's flat but it was actually up slightly and then by coming in the fourth quarter now the - inventories flat but higher on a day’s basis.
York Ragen: We didn't flat out mentioned as gross margins but it's when you look at the updated outlook and we talked about $270 million of EBITDA that would be just out for 21% EBITDA. And the gross margin assumption underlying that wouldn't be any different than our previous guidance, whereas that slight degradation is just OpEx leverage on the slightly lower sales volume.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So Brian we talked a lot about this at the end of the second quarter because obviously second quarter was adversely impacted by the field inventory position. So as we indicated and as we expected we saw a kind of balance that destocking take place during the third quarter so more specifically where we ended the third quarter in terms of our view and field inventories in terms of rough numbers very close to where we were last year just in terms of total inventory balance for home standby. Now activations the end market installations of product are slower this year than they were last year as we have talked about. So in terms of days of inventory it is a little bit more but we do not think that that is going to impact the first quarter and we think that we have appropriately guided around that in comments we have made this morning.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, I think we’ve said roughly about 15% of the consolidated sales consolidated full sales run through that. But again that was prior this year so this year will be lower as a result of the pullback in oil and gas prices so…
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. And I think we have commented more in a general base in terms of what it was that 15% is actually the prior year the 2014 total consolidated net sales.
Aaron Jagdfeld: We didn’t but it’s about the same. It remains in that kind of 40% down so our guidance for Q3 kind of anticipated that and that is kind of where it played out.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, it doesn't have much impact. There is a little bit of pre-activity with the Joaquin event and a lot of pre-activities focused on portable Gen. So there is a little bit of that which we called out in our prepared remarks today that impacted some of the growth that we saw in portable generators in the quarter. But it's a very small amount and then like Patricia I mean it's not a populated area. So not even any really pre-storm type of activity and unfortunately that was such a short lived events. Those types of storms any kind of tropical storm they don't like mountain ranges. So unfortunately that's you get the mountains pretty fast inside of Mexico there. So not a tremendous amount of uptick. Jeff, I mean, obviously it gives us a platform that continue to remind people about from awareness and awareness standpoint around home standby, but unless you actually lose power it doesn't have a major impact.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, I mean we are obviously we're gathering our guidance year for '16 and talking to our customer base there. So we'll give a more finite read on that, I think once we get around the bend here with our full '16 guidance. But at least for the fourth quarter we've kind of maintained basically the same kind of pacing that we've been seeing here as of late which one of somewhat muted CapEx spending is. There are some. - there is a possibility that these guys they tend from a calendar standpoint, they tend to maybe burn a little bit of budget before the end of the year, that we are not sure if that's going to exist this year in our guidance's. I think properly reflecting our views on that. But as far as green suites for '16 I think we'll hold our commentary till we provide full '16 guidance and we'll have a better read on at that point.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, I mean those are those programs that you mentioned Jerry are they continue to be very effective even more so in this quarter as we said with these talking that took place and the improved kind of end market demand around in home consultations which is the front into that process kind of a leading indicator for us and that comes out of the stand that we do on to drive leads mainly around our in commercial related spend but also we've recently hear this year in particular branched out furthermore on digital campaigns as well as some of the like kind of traditional mail stuffer. The cost for lead if you well has remained actually relatively constant across it vary seasonally. So I think the one thing we are learning is the pacing of that seasonally kind of when to dial up spending and when to dial back. We watch very closely our cost per lease, cost per IHC. The conversion rates of those lease in IHC and that kind of helps us pace our spending around the different media things that we chose. And we obviously we evaluate the different media spent items kind of in relation to one another in terms of where we get our best ban for the box. So there is still in my opinion there is still more to be done there. But in like of the fact that we haven't had any kind of major event in three years. We're really quite happy with that. I think the one think we've recently done some updated brand awareness studying internally here and we do this on an annualized basis or every other year in the category and also the brand. I'm talking home standby now. We continue to see very nice increases in general awareness for the category and more specifically of the Generac brand within the category. And we think that those are really positive things for us when we do finally get those outage events once again and they'll happen again. We're kind of a little bit unsure of how positive that kind of uptake maybe the next time around given that we've been doing a lot to feed the market with a lot of those types of awareness building thing. So I would say all indications today are this is the positive thing that we're going to continue to do. We got to keep it fresh. We've been changing up the things that we do and trying some new things but by large it's I think we're nicely offsetting some of these headwinds and there are being naturally created by not having any major outage events.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah. I mean I - have they've kind of picked up in the second quarter into the third quarter and that's kind of our pacing here. What we saw as home standby shipments for the third quarter we feel as probably pretty relative but what we're going to see in the fourth quarter and I think there's any not we're anticipating any major lift off for that. Now, if you recall last year we did see a very nice build in home standby sales but there were some underlying event that occurred even though they were up some of localized in kind of the Michigan area around the Troy and also the Toronto area experience some fairly significant outages that drove high sea levels even higher into the fourth quarter and created a situation where that market was very good for us and we call that out last year but really all performed our expectations.
Aaron Jagdfeld: That's going to be a tough comp for us in Q4 and we're not anticipating that in the guidance we've offered today.
Aaron Jagdfeld: It is. It was just to clarify on that. The first quarter was up to slightly when we ended the first quarter year-over-year, second quarter was up considerably.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Again I think our comments there as IHDs and activations typically move up seasonally in the second half of the year. So we saw that ramps start in the third quarter we think that the pace for the third quarter is going to extend in the Q4. That's how we've modeled it. Again I think I have to preface those remarks by saying that we are in an ultra-low outage environment and so any kind of outage activity could impact that positively. Although we've not contemplated that in the guidance we're issuing today. But it is something that to remember I mean we're a little bit we get around the corner here three years in a row without any major events 10 years in Florida without a hurricane. Yeah these are pretty low numbers and these patterns tend to role in cycles we seen it before. They typically runs a couple of years two or three years and kind a feels like just statistically speaking we should be around horn here and probably we'd see we would expect to see probably something in the future just mathematically from a probability standpoint. But again we don't control that all we can do it would be ready for it and get our business in a position to react when it does happen.
Aaron Jagdfeld: It was I mean we saw even the a lot of just kind a remains pretty much in the same that kind a 40% down year-over-year and actually in Q3 it maybe even kicked down a bit over the first half average. We saw some again nice receptivity to some of the awareness building things that we do some of our sales promotions and things had a better a better effectiveness in the third quarter than the second quarter mainly as a result of that destocking that we've talked about. So I think the channel was just in a better place. First quarter was just to put it in perspective I mean there is a psychology here a bit when you look at our look at 5300 dealers. And that dealer base coming out of a really strong Q4 Q1 was just really quite in terms of end market demand. And so that really kind a shell shock the dealers we ended up a little bit higher inventory position there and then obviously Q2 that is the issue around uptake in the normal seasonal patterns we would have expect it around kind a loan in for the season. By normalizing field inventories during the third quarter, we saw that there was I think the end market and our distribution our channel was in a little bit better buying mood relative to kind of the pace of installations out there and the pace of kind of kind of activity around in home consultations and some of the things we do. But again there is a psychology piece of this and it kind of - and flows a bit and trying to kind a kneel it one quarter to the next it can be a little bit challenging because there is just not a lot of visibility there other than some of the things like IHDs that we have is as leading indicators. But even that is really just one data point. So I think it was just to answer your question more directly, just a lot of the initiatives that we've got working on and being diligent about continue to push our messaging to get powerfully adoption at the dealer level which was another question asked earlier. We continue to see improved adoption of the power place selling system in dealers and so all of those things contributed I think to a stronger Q3 unless than we originally were anticipating.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, it is definitely I mean that the psychology of a small business. I mean these 300 guys are - that's the majority of our sales. They're all small businessmen and so small business people. And so from the standpoint that these are big decisions for them to take a chance to even buying one or two units for a season. And if they're not in a buying mood because they just don't see the activity of the phones are ringing if they're not seeing the lead which was the case kind a coming out of the first quarter and into the second quarter. It can really put a really dampen their buying kind a mood again to use a same word. And we saw that improve in Q3 and I think that goes to the heart of what is in the improvement in Q3's number the outperformance in Q3 home stand by numbers in particular.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah the Australia market continues to be an interesting space where we think frankly we do that as it should be a good home standby market I mean it's an Ireland surround by water they get severe weather now and again. And it has higher home values that are similar to actually the home values in Australia on average are higher than that of the US which is the unique situation of itself. So we call that out try that we have partnership in place for numbers of years ago from a distribution standpoint. That's had a mixed results to be very frank. The partnership has actually done a little bit better with some of our engine power tool business than it has with home standby. And I think the challenges of an installed home products and using a distributor who is a little more focused on outdoor power equipment really kind a manifesting itself in that not turning out quite to our satisfaction. And now we continue to focus on the other challenge when we announce that partnership in the Australia market it's gone through a bit of a pullback economically with the drop in commodities and mining in particular. So it's not been the market that it was back when we sign that deal. So we remain kind a committed to really developing the home standby by category on a much more global basis. But distribution remains probably some of our biggest hurdle there. So our M&A pipeline continues to contemplate geographic expansion which is the important piece of that would be distribution. And it would be more likely companies that are more adopted dealing with installed stationary products as appose to either mobile products or engine powered tools. It's not to say that our M&A pipeline doesn’t have any of that in it and it just our focus near term here is expanding our geographic reach in our stationary products. And that would also be in terms of the impact it could have positively on Australia as well as other regions.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah I'll tell you our dealer base and obviously it's an area of intense focus for us because it's an important channel for a lot of reasons. But yeah there has always been historically a fair amount of churn in that channel. So just small contracting businesses by their very nature have somewhat of specific halfway. So I think the average length of time and business is about seven years. And those businesses consolidated the vaporized people go out of the business. They sale their business they retire. And again these are small kind of small businesses that generally only a few employees very using not a lot of access to working capital. So we do a lot to help them and I would say that the churn that we've seen is not any different than what we've seen historically. In fact we had at a 100 dealers on a net basis here in the quarter over last quarter which was I think an again in light of the backdrop with outages here. The fact that we continue to grow that base. Now we're only a little bit off of our original our peak from several years ago. So I'm very pleased with the fact that we've held in there on that base. And that we also it's not just holding in there, but actually getting better alignment with that base. The programs that we put in place with power play many of our programs around training not only the technical training around the product of course. But the sales training that we do and now more recently the focus on installation training as we've talked about in order to expand this category kind of to the next level, we believe that affordability is an important part of that equation and so today that average ticket when we look across our power play a book of business there and all the power play proposals that we generated. We are still on that kind of $7 to $8,000 range really closer to $8000 in terms of all in cost and that's a fully installed that includes permitting fuel hookups everything. It's still just too high. We really just need to bring that down and from my advantage point we've got a lot of opportunity to continue to work with distribution to make them more efficient at installing products. So it also improves our bandwidth when times do get in times of heavy demand one of our constraints in expanding more quickly is the fact that distribution base doesn't expand rapidly, it expands over the time and if you have a spike in demand from a major events, we get constraint on both sales and installation bandwidth. So anything we can do on our side to help make those dealers more efficient in both selling and closing sales as well as installing products behooves us positively when we do get spikes in demand. So we're very focused on that, we are very focused on the partnership that we have with our distribution, we are very focused on building our brand. As I said before we've done a number of studies here over the years that we continue to monitor kind of the impact that the things that we doing to create awareness in the category and more specifically around our brand are having in the marketplace and we are very happy with that. I mean we believe that Generac brand is becoming very synonymous with the category. And we see that in parts of the country not only with our dealers but end users who refer to their product as a Generac as opposed to home standby. In fact we even get calls from some of our competitor’s product when there is problem with those products. They call us because they think it's - they think the category is Generac and they look at up on the internet and they end up calling us to ask for service. So obviously we are flatted with that but can't really help them. So we send them back to wherever they need to be otherwise we can sell them a new system. But we are very happy with our progress on those events and also the progress that we made with distribution.
Aaron Jagdfeld: It's great that you guys are talking about it and I don't think it is unfair because we are talking about it and this company we peaked it over 400 million in EBITDA couple a years ago. So the earnings potential for the company is dramatic in my opinion and I am biased of course. But the things that we've done since that point not only in the acquisition we've done as you pointed out John. But also I think in things that I just talked about in terms of alignment with distribution, the programs we've put out there, the efforts that we put forth in growing that residential standby market and some other things that we've done to grow awareness of the category in our brand. In my previous comments, we are not exactly sure how some of that stuff when it does get back to an environment of stronger outage activity. I'm not exactly sure how that's going to play out. I can only say it's going to be positive. I just don't know how positive. So in terms of how much the earnings power can expand. I know that I have seen it my history here. We get into periods like this when we have cycles their down cycles. I have to admit I have seen very few cycles like we've experience this year where basically all of the end markets we serve have been down. Now I think the one qualification I would make would be around oil & gas which kind of took a second leg down from second quarter to third quarter. Pricing kind of oil seem to be stabilize above $50 a barrel and now it's come back down and there is talk that it could be headed into the 30s. That I think the mobile equipment business it's going to be searching for a bottom here as we get into as we exit 2015 and I think though that there are some other good things that are going to come on that and we'll talk more deeply about 2015 guidance on the next call but I feel this company has tremendous earnings potential. I mean the leverage that we get when we expand the top-line is dramatic, you guys have seen what our EBITDA margins have done and even in times with when you take into account the dilutive impact that some of these acquisitions have had on EBITDA margins. The core of this business is going to has just tremendous upside and I think that as initiated the repurchase program because we just feel the shares are undervalued at the current prices and we feel that the best use of our capital is to buy back shares because we believe so much in the future of the business and the earnings potential of the business down the line. So I think everything that we are doing is reflective of our confidence in the business. It is reflective of our kind of our capital deployment strategies that we have talked about kind of ad nauseam with investors and with the analyst community and obviously internally here with our board. But again on buyers so I mention in your question whether fair or unfair but that is my answer.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Thank you. We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to our fourth quarter report and full year 2015 earnings results, which we anticipate will be in the mid-February timeframe of next year. So with that, we'll end the call. Thank you very much for your time this morning.
