York A. Ragen: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter 2016 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We'll begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time to time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
York A. Ragen: Yes. This is York. As we highlighted, we have seen continued weakness in oil and gas as we try to find a bottom there. We've reflected that in our organic C&I outlook. You're correct in terms of highlighting now expecting a decline – organic decline in C&I in the mid-teens range. There are offsets to that, though. We are seeing some outperformance on the Pramac outlook, which is helping to offset that. So if you recall, our as-reported C&I outlook is still up approximately 10%. So we are holding that. But the pieces inside that are organically down a little bit more because of oil and gas but offset by outperformance with Pramac. So that's where a lot of the puts and takes are relative to our previous guidance.
York A. Ragen: Yes. There is some contribution of increased telecom outlook in that number as well, but, as you pointed out.
York A. Ragen: If you're looking for core growth for resi, it's more – I mean, CHP is the biggest piece of that in terms of the acquisition contribution. There is a small amount for Pramac for resi. But if you're looking for just core growth, year-over-year for resi, it was down about 11%. And that is mainly from home standby for the reasons we talked about in terms of the prior-year headwinds with backlog and field inventory.
York A. Ragen: Yes, this is York. I mean getting specifics in terms of quantification, but you are right. We posted $286 million first quarter net sales, and second quarter our prepared remarks talked about $350 million to $360 million. So Pramac, in the first quarter there was only one month of contribution there. So we will have three months in second quarter. So right off the bat there you will get a large sequential increase just by getting a full quarter from Pramac. But beyond that, I mean there is some normal seasonality in our business that Q1 is always the lowest quarter for us in the year and it builds then up throughout the year. And especially – so CHP is where it hasn't quite annualized, but when you look at their business they are a spring and fall business. So you should expect -
York A. Ragen: Yeah. You should expect a definite increase from Q1 into Q2 as their bigger quarter's in the spring. Even in the mobile business, there is some seasonality where Q1 is just typically your lower quarter. So you build off of that. On the home standby side, same thing. Q1 is typically your lowest quarter, and you build into the year from Q1 into Q3 – I'm sorry, from Q2 into Q3. So it is really, I think what it is highlighting is there is a good amount of seasonality that will explain that sequential increase. And then Aaron highlighted I think in his prepared comments about we are seeing some stronger quoting and order rates on the industrial side, which should support a sequential increase on some of that legacy C&I business from Q1 into Q2.
York A. Ragen: So I guess when you annualize – or quarterize that $4 million to $5 million, that is about $1 million a quarter. And we expect that to start in Q4. So that I guess, just quarterize the $4 million to $5 million and that is what we expect to start in Q4. And then in terms of what hit OpEx in Q1 was the question, Brian? I apologize.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. The most – the vast majority of the actions were implemented here in the first quarter and that's part of the $7.1 million restructuring and optimization charge. There may be a small amount that maybe gets announced in future quarters but the vast majority is here in Q1.
York A. Ragen: Yes. So I'll help you out there, Ross. So the Pramac opening balance sheet for AR will have about $56 million. So that then organically we'll have a decline in AR. Inventories was about $40 million inventory balance coming on from Pramac. So that would show an increase in inventories, and the highlight there is we were doing some strategic volume engine buys here in the first quarter, and that was the main driver for the organic increase in inventory. So that maybe helps you out a little bit more.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, the Bismarck plant should, by the end of July, should be completed. So we announced that in the first quarter, and we are in the process of that transition as we speak. It should be completed by July.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. The vast majority was – we haven't provided the specific details on that, but the vast majority was on the MAC side. As you transition the inventory over from one plant to another, there is some inventory you just don't want to move. So there were some write-downs related to that. Most of that, you are correct, is inventory related to MAC.
York A. Ragen: Yeah. That's fair. That is fair. However, the building is still there, so you are not going to get everything. But as volume comes down, you're going to get those savings. But to your point, Charley, there are some savings that get realized here in Q2 and Q3 as we are transitioning the MAC business into the Berlin location.
York A. Ragen: Chris, this is York. I think Q1 of 2015 there was a number of unique things going on, and that is when we really started having these discussions about field inventory and backlog. And it was all exacerbated by the fact that Q4 of 2014 was very strong, and then in Q1 part of the end market softened pretty fast and, as a result, that field inventory really increased in Q1 more so than ever. And then we also talked about that the other extra piece to that is the backlog was high coming into 2015 because of the strong market conditions in Q4 2014. So those two things together caused Q1 of 2015, the prior-year Q1 quarter, just to be elevated. And so therefore you flash forward to this quarter and we have some tough comps as a result. So I think that period there of very strong record activations in Q4 of 2014 is really what caused a lot of this.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: I would just add that that previous guidance, when given, oil took another leg down during the first quarter, and I think that kind of continued to put a damper on the fleet purchases that normally happen in oil and gas. And then the spillover effect into the general rental markets that we are witnessing as a result of that I think is properly reflected in this updated guidance for the organic piece of C&I.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I think it was more of a budget burn situation for some of those customers in Q4, Brian. So coming into Q1 we saw it kind of return to some of the lower levels that were occurring from a CapEx environment standpoint. But again, in our prepared remarks we think that that CapEx spending environment for telecom appears firmer as we go forward. I wouldn't say materially so, but at least it gives us some encouragement that, as we come around the year here, that we would anticipate seeing improvement there.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: It supports an increase certainly off of Q1. And again, I think our remarks on C&I for Q1 to Q2, the improvement we are seeing there, those are real improvements. I mean, that's kind of a backlog business in terms of lead times on products and things. So we have pretty decent visibility into C&I at least for the next quarter. So we feel very comfortable with the kind of increase that we are projecting there. So it definitely feels like the C&I market took a pause in Q1 off on the back of some lower quoting activity in the second half. Kind of that industrial recession maybe that happened in the second half of last year I think put a pause on some of the ordering of that type of equipment. And that seems to have freed up here as we go from Q1 into Q2.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's a great question and one that is a bit – there is a lot of moving pieces in that, too, just looking at the quarter. But we look at – so we look at a couple of things, Ross, as you know. We look at kind of end user demand for us, we have real-time activation data so every machine that's installed we know exactly where it's installed and when it gets turned on for the first time. So we believe that gives us very good insight into what's going on in the end market. We saw activations year over year in the quarter were up and we think that that's primarily related to a milder winter, so more of those machines were able to get put in, and also power outage severity was – there was a little more in terms of outages in the quarter. Now, nothing relative to where we have been historically but over this kind of trough period over the last three years, it was kind of in line with that. So a little bit up from the really super-low levels from last year, so we think those two things – a milder winter and a little bit more power outage activity – drove activations higher. I think where the 11% decrease in the shipments comes from is the fact that when you wind the clock back and you look at how we came into Q1 of 2015, we were coming off of a Q4 in 2014 that was a very strong quarter in terms of activation rates. And so what it led to is there was actually a bit of backlog – quite a bit of backlog coming into 2015 that was satisfied. Those shipments were made in the first quarter of 2015, and we didn't have that same situation repeat here. So that is the backlog piece of that. Field inventories also coming into 2015 then, because of the backlog, were lower at the beginning of 2015, and we had higher field inventories, for lack of a better term, in the first quarter of 2016 on a like-for-like basis. So when you kind of wash all that out, that is the 11%. I think what we look at – again, we watch this activation data very closely and the power outage data, of course – we like the trends. Kind of as we ended the quarter here, field inventories were very much in line with where we were last year, but because of the higher activation rate in the first quarter, we are actually seeing those inventories turn a little faster. So we like that as kind of a – in terms of how that translates to market sentiment, in terms of buying for Q2, and that's really the inverse of what happened in Q2 last year. So we were coming out of the first quarter last year, activation rates were actually slowing in the back half of that first quarter. So the buying mood turned decidedly negative in Q2 on us last year. So our promotions and other normal things that we would do in Q2, we just didn't get a lot of uptake in that in Q2 last year. We don't believe that that same situation is going to happen this year, and we are appropriately reflecting that in our guidance.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Correct. Correct, that's exactly what happened. So by the very nature of our shipments to distribution, we know how much inventory, if you will, is in the field very precisely up to the point when it is activated, and then effectively, as you are saying, it comes out of field inventory at that point.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. There's two things there, Ross. First, on the Pramac side, actually most of the synergies that we are looking at are going to come on the COGS side, in the cost of goods sold. So optimization of the manufacturing footprint, and then most of the synergies that we are targeting are going to come out of the combination of the global supply chains of the two businesses. On the SG&A side, their cost-to-serve as a global business with 14 branches worldwide, four plants worldwide, is a bit higher than what you would see for us. I mean, we have a fairly simple operating structure in North America here with core Generac in comparison. So there may be some opportunities as it relates to combinations with our Tower Light business over there. There might be some SG&A, but to be frank we are not putting a lot of math behind that. I think we are hoping to leverage that SG&A. We don't think it's going to grow a lot more in terms of raw dollars. We just think we're going to be able to leverage it as we work on the revenue synergy side of that, and then again the savings are going to come out of COGS. And then the second piece on the overall SG&A is the Country Home Products business, as a primarily direct-to-consumer business they have very good gross margins but then there is a high cost to serve as a result of that direct-to-consumer model. So there is no distribution channel. So the "costs" that would normally be borne by distribution are borne by, in this case, CHP directly, and that's reflected in the higher SG&A load as a percentage of sales.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: It's substantially completed at this point. There is a few – I mean, as we wind down the facility there is a few more heads there. And then there are some heads within the mobile business in totality, the broader business there, that we are continuing to work through here in the second quarter.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: But the biggest driver of the cost is the closure of the facility and the head count reduction. So Q3, although it won't happen until the end of July, so you are already into Q3, you will see a significant part of that quarterized version of that $4 million to $5 million. I don't know that it is quite $1 million at that point because you only have two months, but by the fourth quarter we will be pretty close to run rating that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: At some point. We will evaluate after we get out of it just kind of what we want to do. It is an older facility. So to be frank, the value, both on the books and from a market standpoint, is pretty minimal. So I wouldn't expect any massive gains from that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. I think obviously it's a major area of focus for us, Jerry, given that we think that a lot of the opportunity in combining these businesses is in supply chain. It's front and center in the integration activities, so we're kind of call it maybe halfway through that process, 60 days into the 90 days that we've called out. What we're finding is that there is a lot of moving pieces, as you know, as you could expect with factories all over the world now trying to figure out just the optimized logistics spots of the supply base from one plant to another – from their plants, from the suppliers' plants, to our plants. So that's actually playing a bigger role in some of this analysis. And then, as it relates to things like Brazil, you've got imports, duties and other things that you have to put into consideration. So not dodging the question, but it's turned into a pretty elaborate exercise. I think the biggest piece would be engine supply on the diesel engine side and our alternator supply for the facilities outside the U.S. where we don't manufacture our own alternators in particular and we have suppliers that do that for us. Those two pieces of the supply chain are the pieces that we are evaluating first and foremost because they represent the largest spend items. And we are knee-deep in the evaluation process. So we've sent out – frankly these are big RFP processes that are currently underway. And we've got teams, both combined with Pramac and Generac people and also with our Tower Light folks. We're dealing with the stationary side of the business first, and then we will move to our mobile business later because in many parts of the world, specifically here in North America as it relates to engines, anyway, you've got a different emissions requirement for mobile products versus stationary products. So that enters another variable into the analysis. So there is a lot of pieces here. We hope to have I think some more information around being able to quantify the savings. But right now we're still very encouraged by what we're seeing. And as we talk to the supply chain partners, we think that partnering with Generac for many of these suppliers gives them just a wonderful opportunity to access the global power generation market in a way that they couldn't before with a single customer. And I think that a customer who has not only the footprint to serve but also the technical capabilities to work with these partners to make sure that we've got the right products and the right applications. So we're evaluating it and we're going through the process, but it's going to be a big project.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, I mean we're hoping to get most of that work done – leg work done here in the second quarter, Jerry. And so from our standpoint, our original target date was to try and get it all done by June. It might be more towards the back half of June or July. Then we have to notify suppliers. And then the fact of the matter is, the realization of the savings is going to take longer because many of the changes, whenever you're changing anything within the major – the power head configuration of a product, either the engine or alternator or both, there is design work to be done there. So in some cases it may be easy because it might be a supplier that we're already using that we're just going to realize a better pricing structure on or better delivery or some other improved set of terms. But in a lot of cases it may mean changes to the product lines, and those changes are going to need engineering resources to get done. So the true realization of a lot of these changes and a lot of these savings really won't come until 2017. And I think we were consistent on that when we called this out early on, but we have said that we really won't see much of this until next year.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: They are. They look – right now they are somewhat flattish in terms of IHCs as it relates to the prior year. But everything that – as we look at it, I think the one underlying difference when I look at IHCs, our close rate has actually improved a bit. We continue to focus on training, not only from a sales standpoint but also just from a quality of lead standpoint. I think one of the really interesting things that we are finding right now and we're kind of in the early innings of it, but the Country Home Products acquisition for us was – included within that company is a really good direct-to-consumer marketing entity. They buy their own media. They produce a lot of their own media. They have an eye towards consumer interaction and how to maximize consumer interaction. We always talk about the sales funnel here. They really helped us kind of open up our eyes a bit to just how wide the funnel can be and how much more can go in that funnel based on certain techniques that they have done and have used over the years. In particular, as it relates to some of their larger-ticket items, when you go after one of their walk-behind brush cutters, you're talking about a $3,000, $4,000 machine. So it is not so dissimilar from what we are talking about with a home standby generator. And so I think their experiences are pretty applicable here. And what we are just kicking off now is we have got some things in test around IHCs where they are actually doing the in-home – they are not doing the in-home consultations but they are driving the leads for the in-home consultations. And so that is a new twist for us, and we are excited about some of the early returns on that and looking to expand and ramp that up here in Q2 as we go into the season. So between that and the improving close rate underlying IHCs, those two things are things that give us the kind of confidence that I think is framed around our guidance here for the balance of the year with residential.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Correct. No, that is a good question, Chris. I think there are two things that I'd point to. Clearly, just from the outside looking in, it is our biggest transaction to-date by a high percentage. It is a complex organization in terms of 14 sales branches, four manufacturing plants, 600 people. It is a global organization, which presents its own unique challenges with integration of systems, just within Pramac itself. So from the outside looking in, it's clearly a tough challenge. So there is two things I would point to, though, and what we have tried to do to mitigate the challenge that exists there in integration. The first is we don't own 100%. I think it is really important from an alignment standpoint, the founding family of this business is remaining a significant owner. And so they are a great partner for us. They are people that I have known for quite a long time in our industry – seven years, eight years and have worked with them on a number of things. And we have a very good relationship in terms of very open, very frank discussion about where we think we can grow, about some of these supply chain discussions that I have talked about this morning. That notwithstanding, I think their complete alignment with us in terms of the performance of the business is an important element of taking, de-risking some of the what I would call kind of the overarching integration issues or performance issues, anyway, with the business that could exist. Secondarily, we took a very seasoned person from our team here – our management team here, and we actually have deployed him within Pramac's walls in Siena in their headquarters to help really as an integration lead. We have never done that before. We have never really kind of, I would say, helicoptered somebody into an acquisition solely for the purposes of being an integration lead in that fashion. And it is somebody with a supply chain background, which is, again, where we think we have the biggest opportunity. This also happens to be an individual who speaks Italian. So that does help in terms of some of the language barriers. But as you mentioned, we have already a pretty good presence in Italy with the Tower Light acquisition. That also is helpful here in mitigating some of the risks of integration, not only because of our familiarity with some of the cultural things that go on in Italy but basically we have got a team on the ground just two hours north of Siena. So that team has already been very helpful and particularly on the finance side. As we just do our normal process of consolidating financials, that team has been very helpful with helping the Pramac team kind of navigate our process there and they are on the ground and very hands-on. So we feel good about it. It is not that there is no risk to it. It is certainly, as you pointed out, there definitely are some risks. But we think we have taken the appropriate measures and actions to mitigate that.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: I think I would add to that, too, Chris, that you know every quarter that goes by we get a little smarter in terms of the value of the information that we compile internally with activation and field inventory. As I said before, we actually have a pretty clear picture on those two pieces. And I think, you know, based on that and we know – obviously, we know what backlog is and when it does exist as it did when we came into Q1 of 2015. So I think as the situation plays out, as the channel matures, as different things occur that could move those pieces, we will give updates accordingly. And I think in my mind, those updates have become clearer from our standpoint because we have continued to kind of mature the way that we look at the business and the way we understand the things that kind of trigger moves up or down, either in end demand or in the field inventory levels and their impact on current run rates. So while we do not have a ton of visibility to the future in that business and obviously you could get a power outage tomorrow and that thing could take off like a rocketship and that is kind of what we have been saying is that to go three years like this without outages and still have the kind of end demand that we have today, we are actually very pleased with that. And I won't say we are surprised by the strength of it, but in some respects we look at kind of some of the regions around the country that we continue to see strength in activations and end demand in the West and the southern parts of the country, and you know it's very encouraging for us that when the kind of normalized outage environment, we keep referring to that, it hasn't happened for a long time. So it is difficult to say that. But it will happen again and when that does happen, and we've never really pressure-tested all the new stuff we put in. So with PowerPlay and with our PowerPro dealer programs, all the talk around IHCs, those are all things that were post kind of the last elevated period of outage activity. So how those things play out into the future will be interesting to see, both I'm sure not only from our standpoint but from yours as well.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. So on the issue of telecom, you know, John, I think for us we are just, again, I think it was a pretty poor year in 2015 in terms of the CapEx spending environment and it goes in cycles. So what we look at is obviously the discussions we are having with the customers in that channel have, I would say, have been decidedly more positive year-over-year in terms of their planning around projects. And so as they plan for projects, that doesn't necessarily mean it has materialized into orders, and it doesn't necessarily mean that they will spend those dollars. But the budgets – it appears to us that the budgets that they have set aside for purchases are greater this year than they were last year. So that's a big part of it I think in terms of just how we feel about the overall as it relates to telecom specifically. I don't – we are not saying it is going to be materially up year-over-year, but we just feel like it's a firmer environment in general and based on the kind of discussion. And then as far as sell-in on the CHP, that side of that question, because it is primarily a D&C business there is not a tremendous amount of sell into a channel, right. So I mean this 80% of what they do, more than 80% of what they do is direct-to-consumer. So a lot of that is transacted real-time and so – in fact, we are – it is pretty amazing actually how quickly they see changes in buying habits for end consumers. You know they – we don't have to wait for something to work through the channel. We don't have this discussion of field inventory and all these other things like we have in our core business. They actually see real-time kind of phone traffic and web traffic. It's really kind of real end demand, and it is real time, so kind of an interesting business that way. We have not had a direct-to-consumer channel before that we have been associated with, and this has been kind of interesting to watch how even simple things like moves in the stock market day to day have impacts on just how consumers feel about their household wealth and then what that translates into in terms of buying patterns on a day-to-day basis, week-to-week basis. So it is pretty interesting.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. So not a lot of retail channel there, so that is what I was referring to. But in terms of just kind of order trends or call it consumer sentiment around those types of products, housing remains very strong. And so new construction has been a bullish segment of the economy here and that obviously is good for all those types of products. And Q2 is kind of the peak season for this business, as we said, in terms of seasonality, and we believe that is going to play out. CHP had a nice first quarter for us. We like the trends. It is up year over year in terms of on a – even though we haven't annualized the acquisition yet, in terms of just looking at them, kind of their results year over year. They like the trends. They think the consumer feels pretty – is on solid footing with energy prices lower, housing up. Even though the stock market is – you can pick your number on where you think the market is going to end, but right now they feel very good about the consumer trends. As I said, I think the one thing that is interesting about this business is changes can happen pretty quickly in that end demand because of the direct nature of the channel. So it is kind of interesting to kind of watch the kind of pure consumer reaction as we go week to week in terms of order patterns. Weather does impact that as well. It has been a pretty decent spring so far around the country, and that also helps those types of products. So those are all positive factors as we go into Q2.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning, and we look forward to our second quarter 2016 earnings release, which we anticipate will be issued sometime in late July. With that, we will conclude our call. Thank you.
John Quealy: How are you, York? I'm sorry if these are remedial here. First, on the telecom trends, I think you guys said they are firming up. What sort of evidence do you have for that or what gives you some conviction in there, if that is the right assumption? And then secondly, how is the early sell-in season look for CHP? Thanks.
John Quealy: Okay. So there is no like precedent with your big-box relationships? I know obviously that is one step to the consumer, but I guess the broader question, Aaron, was just based on where we are with weather and economy and your comment about stock prices,..
John Quealy: ...order trends shaping up like you thought they would have or – I know it is a smaller piece, but...
