Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. So it's a great question, Tommy. I mean activations have been a little slower this year relative to -- if you look at the outage environment most recently in the last couple of quarters, that outage environment has been weaker than kind of the trend over the last, I would say, a couple of years. So Q1 was actually in line with the long-term average since we've been tracking outages. But again, you look kind of trend-wise, it was a quiet relatively quiet quarters. You get past January, things really slowed down in February and March. And then Q4, as we discussed previously, was a really light quarter relative to kind of historical trends. So... 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes, Q1 last year was -- '23 was really strong for Q1. So kind of a tough comp that way. So activations were a little bit down. But yes, shipments are up because, again, the field inventory headwind is largely gone now, right? So we exited the quarter and really kind of February, March run rates, activations and shipments were in line with each other. So we think that's a really good sign that we're kind of at a point of stasis with field inventories in terms of them returning to normal, which has been the primary headwind here. So as that abates, that helps us in terms of comping more strongly on shipments, but yet the activation has been a little bit softer as a result, I think, of the most recent outage periods. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Mike. So our C&I business has continued to perform quite well in the face of -- as you noted and as we've been noting for quite some time now, in the slowdown, the cyclical slowdown that we're experiencing in the rental markets as well as the telecom markets, which, again, guidance for rental and telecom are largely unchanged for the year. Really, the change has come from our industrial distribution channel, which is, again, they're serving businesses. They're serving the infrastructure like wastewater treatment plants and school districts and other types of applications, a very wide range of applications, health care, manufacturing plants, even data centers, as I mentioned before, data and telco, outside of the strict telecom market that we talk about oftentimes on a direct basis.  But that industrial distributor channel for us has been a growing channel for really the greater part of the last decade. We've invested heavily in it. We've done some acquisitions along the way where we've been able to attack some of the markets where we felt we were underrepresented from a market share standpoint around the U.S. We've infilled that with owned distribution, if you will. And that has -- that playbook has worked out quite well for us. And we've been able to pick up share is really kind of flat out, the answer.  So it's coming in stronger. It's been very resilient, right? We haven't necessarily seen the breakdown there. I think that's representative of the broader power quality discussions that we've been having here and have had for some time, right? Whether you're talking about the supply demand imbalance that I just prattle on about or just the continued challenges with reliable supply and also just the deeper electrification within businesses, right? I mean businesses today without power, you just -- you can't operate.  And we used to point to certain markets or certain applications that were "critical" for backup power. I would say almost every business today would say they critically rely on a continuous source of power. So without that, whether it's inventory spoilage or whether that's an interruption of revenues, significant disruption to their businesses exist when you get these outages, and outages over time have been on the rise. And I think you're just seeing that manifest itself in a broader penetration rate for backup power in these buildings that represent the C&I market in North America.  And we've been very pleased with the resiliency there. And so that's largely offsetting the weakness -- the cyclical weakness that we were forecasting here for rental and telecom. And we're saying, hey, look, we like the trends for that industrial distributor channel continue to be pretty solid... 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Quoting is hanging in there. The quote-to-sale conversion process has continued to hang in there. And we continue to invest in it. And I think all of those things when you line them up are really what are helping us offset the broader weakness in those other markets. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Personally, we don't tend to put a lot of stock in those forecasts because they -- I have a hard time believing that if you can't tell me what the weather is going to be next Saturday, how can you tell me what it's going to be in September. But again, I think we're looking at longer-term trends around air temperatures, water temperatures, the relaxing of the El Nino events. I think those are things that are important to how forecasters think about the long-term, the bigger cycles around things like hurricanes. So that's coming as well. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Brian. So I mean, obviously, we gave those guidance points last fall. And we're not in a position today to update the next couple of years. But I -- we can talk specifically to Energy Tech and how we're thinking about that. Obviously, the market for solar plus storage, the market for EV charging, the market for some of the products that are within that complex. I would say are weaker today. The near-term market dynamics are clearly more negative coming off of, the pull ahead from NEM 3.0 in California and then just higher interest rates. I think the impact of that's having on those markets and the demand for those products. So that's the negative news.  The good news is we're still out in the market with our new products. We're on target for our launch plans later this year. And I think we're optimistic that as we turn the corner into 2025, look, interest rates are not going to remain high forever. And so I think -- and the NEM 3.0 pull ahead, pull in, I think it's pretty well documented that, that seems like the market is finally kind of emptying itself of some of the inventory challenges that the OEMs that are providers to that market today have experienced here over the last several quarters. I think that's starting to abate.  I think it's perfect timing by the time we get into the market, I think the market is going to be where we need it to be so that we can start to see success. So I wouldn't say we're in a position today to think differently, other than near term, right? And so near term, this year, we're probably going to be a little bit on the low end of our range. Again, it's not a big part of our business today. So a small move, and that's part of the residential, the other residential products being softer that we talked about in our prepared remarks. Some of that is the solar plus storage and EV charging just being probably a little bit more muted here in terms of market demand in the short term.  But again, if you're talking about over the next -- through 2026, for the next 2 or 3 years, we're just -- we don't think that that's probably going to change dramatically because I think the market is going to come back by the time we're in a position to participate in that. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean, definitely, that is the case, right? I mean the margin profile of the standby products for residential is greater than every product we offer here in the company, frankly. So it's a very strong margin product for us. And so the margin mix to that point would be favorable. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: 6.25% [ Kris ]. So I think there are -- for us, when you think of every 1% of penetration being kind of a $2.5 billion to $3 billion market opportunity, there's a ton of runway left here, and it's worth the -- it's worth being, I think, being a net investor here, if you will, in the category. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean that's a significant portion of our total domestic C&I sales. So again, it's -- I think when you kind of step back, it's close to 70% of the total for domestic C&I. So it's 70%, 75% of the total, with the balance being, again, the mobile products and telecom products, and again, those are down largely here. So as we documented, they go in cycles. We're a big player in those markets in rental and in telecom. But when those large customers are not spending CapEx there. They -- that disproportionately impacts us because we supply a lot of equipment into those areas.  So to have the industrial distribution channel grow as it has been, is a really important, I would call counterweight, if you will, to some of those larger customers or larger concentrations of product and customers in rental and telecom. You're right, we don't talk a lot about the industrial distributor business, mainly because we spend an inordinate amount of time talking about residential, our consumer power businesses and the residential standby and Energy Tech.  And -- but underneath the covers here, this has been, I think, a really nice success story. We've got a great team there that executes well. You may recall, Donovan, we announced that we're building a new factory here in Wisconsin, in Beaver Dam because we believe in the growth of those products and the importance of that to our business overall and it's an area where we needed some capacity.  We've been building bigger and bigger products. We also did a pretty massive investment in our R&D space here in Waukesha, Wisconsin. This is our technical headquarters, specifically go after larger opportunities in the C&I space and natural gas, in particular, and some of the things we've been talking about with natural gas beyond standby kind of market opportunities.  Even though that's cooled off here recently in the higher interest rate environment, we do think that, that's really important. And I would say this, one of the things that maybe the unsung hero of our success when the markets around telecom in particular, when they cycle on, one of the reasons that we've done well there is because we can provide kind of coast-to-coast coverage with our distribution to provide the kind of service and support that those large accounts demand for their fleets. And that's kind of a really important aspect of our industrial distributor channel.  Again, the sales don't flow through there, but the service and support is a part of what they provide for us. So the 2 are kind of interrelated in terms of telecom and the -- we call it our IDC channel, our Industrial Distributor Channel. The products that go through IDC are very bespoke, highly customized. No 2 buildings in terms of their electrical requirements are the same. So we produce -- it's basically a configure-to-order business with a long sales cycle, with quoting and then it turns into an order, and then you've got lead time for these products that can be anywhere from as short as 8 to 10 weeks and as long in some cases, is out to 52 weeks depending on the size of the products and the type of products.  So there's a lot of influencers in the process from specifying engineers to even the architects that work on these projects and certainly, the owner operators, the electrical contractors, the general contractors, everybody plays a role in selecting the solution that is needed for a particular application. So over the last decade, on top of building out that industrial distributor channel, the actual distributors themselves and strengthening that channel we've been focused on engaging with all of those decision-makers up and down the value chain there.  And I think that's really helped us quite a bit in terms of getting Generac specifically named in a specification. That's really important. If you're not specifically named, that becomes challenging for somebody to find your product or even your distribution on a particular bid project. So those are the things that I think, engaging with those specifying engineers in that community and spreading the word about, in particular, the importance and the advantages of natural gas over diesel, which -- we're the largest natural gas genset provider for backup power in the world. And we hold an advantage there over others that we like to talk to distribution about.  So I think that is part of -- again, part of this story overall is natural gas backup power is growing more quickly than diesel backup power, outside of the large data center market. Have to qualify that now, and that's not a part of the market we play in. So in the served market where we play, we're seeing gas growth rates exceeding diesel growth rates. And that's been the same for some time and we're a beneficiary of that, and so is our distribution. So you're seeing all of that play out in that -- in the strength that we're talking about here on the industrial distributor channel. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes, Kash. So the -- from an activation standpoint, I mean, modestly, it's kind of at mid-single-digit range, which is, again, not too far off of our expectations in terms of year-over-year. We just -- we kind of expected it to be a little bit softer coming out of the -- we had IHCs in Q4 were lower as a result of the weaker power outage environment, frankly, Q3, we really didn't have much of a season last year in terms of the outage environment. So kind of the back half of last year maybe wasn't -- didn't play out as strongly as it might have historically. And as a result, it just -- you see that play out in fewer installs here year-over-year in the quarter.  But again, not dramatically so, which I think is good. And I think when you look historically, the category is still up, it's up dramatically from where it was kind of, you go to 2019 ranges, those levels of activations and we're up significantly from that area. So the category is quite a bit bigger today than it was then. But I think just a little bit off near term here from the weaker power outage environment in the last couple of quarters. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks. Yes. So storage attach rates are up dramatically. Solar plus storage install rates, as we understand them are -- certainly, new solar projects are down significantly. 50%, 60% year-over-year in California. And so you are seeing greater attachment rates because of the NEM 3.0 position. And that's where storage I think you're seeing just the absolute numbers are probably up because of that higher attach rate. California for us, that's a market largely dominated by Tesla. It's not a market that we've historically been strong in. So we're just -- we're really not participating dramatically in that.  I will say, I mean, our storage business is up year-over-year. So it's not double. It's not 200%. But that's an area that we are seeing some growth off of a pretty hard bottom as we've described over the last several years. But actually, as we also called out, I think the bigger challenge in the other residential products, actually, it's portable generators. We haven't talked a ton about that. I mentioned in our prepared remarks that both domestically because of the softer outage environment here over the last several quarters.  And then internationally, international portable gen sales were down hard Q1 year-over-year. There was a lot of power security concerns in the year ago quarter in Europe, largely related to the Russia-Ukraine war. And that's abated somewhat. And so we've seen the portable gen demand come off hard in the international markets for us, which is specifically kind of the European markets.  And then our chore business, which we don't talk about a ton, but that suffered from -- that's really suffered last year. The longer-term trends there coming out of the pandemic, there's a lot of kind of buy ahead on equipment, both at the end market level as well as the distribution level. And you can see all the public comps out there that are involved in this space on the residential chore product space. And it's been a pretty brutal market over the last -- really the last 1.5 years. And we were hoping that, if we got a little bit of a spring weather here, that was kind of built into the forecast, that, that would be helpful.  But what we found is distribution partners, they didn't sell through their snow season. It was a weak snow season, which with high snow inventories, they were reticent to invest in spring chore products. So that's been delayed a bit. Now thankfully, weather is picking up here, trends more near term or a little more positive with chore products, but it's still been -- it's been a rough go. So it's really chore and then those energy tech markets that have been softer and then the portable generator pullback that we talked about, which were kind of headwinds for us in the quarter. 
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yes. And then on the -- Vikram, on the R&D side, yes, we're spending very heavily largely a lot of those R&D dollars. I mean it's across the board on all of our products, but obviously, the energy tech products. We are knee-deep in our next-generation storage devices, in the residential side that we'll be bringing to market here later this year. And then, of course, our rooftop solar products, power generation products, inverter products that we continue to invest in. We have our next generation, those products coming to market in early '25.  So there's a tremendous amount of effort right now. We've been building teams. You may have seen our announcement. We opened a tech center in Reno, Nevada. We've been filling that with people. We've got tech offices in Portland, Maine. We've got tech offices in Vancouver. We've got tech offices in Bend, Oregon, in L.A., in Denver. And so we've really cast a pretty wide net here as we build out, the talent level needed to compete with obviously some very formidable companies there that supply not only storage but also on the inverter side.  So from a USP standpoint, again, we'll talk more about these product launches as we get closer, but we believe we've got some novel approaches to certain elements of the tech -- but we also think that there's the integration of all of these products together more seamlessly. Today, if you want to put together a solar system with a storage device, with an EV charger, with thermostatic controls, with even a generator for longer-term backup, load management, all of these different devices, that's 3, 4, 5 different apps you've got in your hand.  We're working on a project that is unifying all of these technologies on a single platform, really utilizing the Ecobee experience. It was the central part of our strategy in the Ecobee acquisition. The ML and AI that they deploy today in the thermostatic controls environment and the really high-quality user experience that they bring together. We want to bring that to all these products. And we think that will be unique to the marketplace.  When you look across the market today, we don't think anybody has the breadth of offering that we have and putting it all together on a single platform to help homeowners in particular, to help them control not only resiliency, which is central to our approach here, but also comfort and cost, which are as electrical rates, utility rates continue to drive upward. Cost is going to be, I think, one of the things that is going to creep up on rate payers in a way you're already seeing evidence of it in certain markets like California.  And it's going to drive homeowners to investigate other solutions, distributed solutions, solutions that help them give them more information and more control over the power that they generate, the self-generation that they store, that they export back to the grid and the resiliency that they absolutely demand in their own homes. So I think that over time, this will become more evident as these products get into the market. But I think and with our brand and our distribution and our sales and marketing competencies, I think you're going to see that we believe we'll have success there in the long term. 
York Ragen: And I think it's important also to mention like the category is seasonal. So second half is always stronger than the first half. 
York Ragen: You would -- if you're assuming baseline level of outage activity, you would expect a nice sequential increase from first half to second half in that home standby business to support our guidance. 
York Ragen: Yes. Absolutely, yes. No, we were pleased with the gross margin performance that did beat expectation. It was well over 1% increase there versus expectation. And the reality is we guided that input costs would improve throughout the year in 2024. The reality is we just saw the realization of that improvement sooner than we expected here in Q1. So that's great. So the fact that, that came in ahead of sooner than expected. So we got to beat in Q1. And then I guess what that does is just derisks that assumption in the second half, that gross margin improvement that we expect in -- from first half to second half, we're seeing it now. So it derisks that assumption. So that's what's going on behind the gross margin beat. 
York Ragen: I mean gross margins were up 5% year-over-year in Q1. I'd say half of that was a better mix as home standby grew mid-teens. 
York Ragen: Yes. And then your comment about like as residential paces from Q1 to Q2, we did -- in Q1, we still did undership the market. We are still bringing field inventory down and again, by the tail end of the quarter, as we get into Q2, we feel like we're back to normal for the most part. So we still did undership the market. If you recall, we undershipped 2023 by around $300 million. I guess, I would say, 1/4 of that probably a little less than 1/4 of that was what we undershipped the market in Q1 here. So we got back to normal.  So you won't have that in Q2, that undershipping. And then just the seasonality of the business picks up from Q1 to Q2 in that category. So that's again, that's -- you got to look back at what historical seasonality looks like in that, again, supports the guide for residential products in the future. 
York Ragen: Yes. No, I think it's a number of things in terms of -- well, steel is probably our largest input and we've really -- those steel costs, I guess, over the longer term have come down. And as we've been turning through our higher cost inventory, we're just seeing those lower steel costs come through, again, maybe a little bit faster than we originally anticipated. So steel is an important factor. Obviously, logistics, freight costs, while those came down throughout last year and again, we're starting to turn through that inventory and the realization of those lower freight costs, we're starting to see, that's part of the improvement, just better plant efficiencies. I think that's better plant absorption. We're seeing that as well in terms of strong execution there.  So I would say those are probably the biggest factors on sort of how we were able to realize the better gross margin faster than we originally anticipated. In copper, I guess, copper, it does have an impact, but I would say it's lesser so than.. 
York Ragen: If you add to the steel side, yes. So copper has gone up. But that, I would say, is in terms of lower impact relative to steel. 
York Ragen: Yes. This is -- on the last part on the OpEx guidance, I did -- in our prepared comments, we did mention that the outperformance in Q1 on the gross margin would get roughly offset by a little bit higher OpEx, again, as we continue to invest in those strategic initiatives. It's early. So we basically held the EBITDA margin guide where we had it from last quarter with the offset -- the gross margin outperformance slightly offset by the OpEx side. 
