Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's obviously an area, Jeff, of intense debate internally here, because we didn't have these tools in place previously. They all kind of came on board around 2013 after Sandy. So, we've never had a chance to pressure testament, as a result, we don't – the data that we're seeing out of some of these tools is very different from the data that we've experienced over the last four years, since we put them in place. So, IHCs, in our prepared remarks we said they were – I think we said dramatically higher. I mean, they're like well above the rates we are seeing. And so the traditional kind of math that we were doing on conversion with close rate and what percentage of our home standby flowed that IHCs represented, and we have to kind of recalibrate all that. So, I think the one thing that I do know is that, first of all, we'll have better visibility. So, I think that without a doubt is, just given these tools, we see not only the kind of leading indicators like IHCs, we see the pipeline of business, because PowerPlay gives us at least for those sales leads that go through the PowerPlay tool, we get to see just how are the – how many proposals are being issued? What is the close rate on those proposals? How does that differ from what we've historically seen? We know that at least with the PowerPlay tool in place that close rates for dealers using PowerPlay are better than close rates for dealers that don't use PowerPlay. So, that in and of itself having the tool here in place today versus where we were at with Sandy should lead to better close rates for at least those leads that go through the tool. I think the other comment that I'll make aside from the sales tools and the targeted marketing, we also put a lot of time and effort after Sandy into our production capabilities, our ability to expand capacity, and – both at the supply chain level, as well as in the factories here in Wisconsin. And so what we're seeing, it's interesting, the dynamic of this event, and we'll just focus on Irma for a second, even though there were three events. Irma occurred from a calendar standpoint, purely from a calendar standpoint, six weeks earlier than Sandy did. Sandy was at the end of October, Irma was really mid-September. So that six-week window coupled with our ability to ramp quicker, because we're just – we are more – we're sized more appropriately for this size of event. We believe, it's going to be reflected in the fourth quarter. We said that the home standby shipments are going to be at or near record levels in the fourth quarter, and we've had some big quarters. If you remember, the first quarter of 2013, we came into the year with a tremendous amount of backlog coming out of 2012 of a Sandy. And so 2013 first quarter was a huge quarter for us for standby. We think that the fourth quarter of this year is going to rival that quarter, and potentially exceed it. So, I think, better visibility, the ability to better ramp, and I think, better conversion on those sales, although I can't quite quote a statistic yet, because we just – we'll have to see how it plays out.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's a great question, Ross. I mean, we were able to ramp actually very quickly with – we do have access to some labor, you're right. The constraints that I think a lot of companies are facing not only in this part of the country, but really with 3% unemployment, people have been some of the larger constraints. Historically, looking back like with Sandy, the constraint was clearly supply chain. So we hadn't oriented our supply chain. We didn't have a safety stocking strategy around component strategies and things that allowed us to rapidly kind of expand production. We changed all that post-Sandy and now obviously we've been waiting to test that. It's been four years – five years since we've been able to really put that into test. But we actually were able to ramp very quickly here in October, and we're going to sustain an elevated level through the end of the year and really into the early part of next year, we kind of watch – obviously we're watching all these leading indicators. We'll see how they flow through to – as I mentioned before, to close rates, to understand just how to translate into demand. But, we would expect if you look at the normal cadence off of events like this, the year following a major event is going to have elevated demand for these types of products. They typically come in a couple of different forms. Portable generators, which are primarily the domain in terms of distribution of the retail partners tend to get replenished very aggressively kind of in that Q2 range post a year with heavy activity, because stocks have been depleted. And generally you won't see retailers, although we mentioned some replenishment in Q4 with portable generators, they won't replenish at the same level, pre-storm, because there is no reason to do that. You might get some winter events, but it's not going to – there really isn't a reason to buy ahead that much. So, they'll replen in Q2 to fairly decent levels, we would expect that. And then, we would expect elevated home standby activity, and really culminating in the anniversary of these events next fall. And so, we expect as we said Q4 is going to be very busy for us this year, we'll keep the elevated production levels as long as it makes sense. And even though we have some labor constraints, we're able to make up for some of those constraints with overtime and working weekends, and we're pushing the team pretty hard right now, but they're responding very well, and actually really happy with how quickly they were able to ramp up and maintain the kind of expectations we have – the high expectations we have of an operating environment with high quality and high productivity. So, we're very pleased with that at this point.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's interesting, the spillover effect you get. We saw improved activations in every region. And so, it was really interesting. The Northeast has been, as we called out, up until I think maybe the second quarter of this year, I think the Northeast we found a bottom there, finally in terms of year-over-year comps – quarter-over-quarter comps, even the Northeast. And we saw the stabilization of that in Q2, and then we saw it grow again in Q3. So, that was nice really across all markets. And so, the impact that we've gotten, the category awareness is one that I'll just kind of focus on here for a second, the home standby product category. When we wind the clock back and this is something that we metric every couple of years we go out and we do a bunch of marketing research around the category, just to make sure that we're understanding kind of how it's trading, where it's going. Category awareness is a big one that we look at, and you can go back 10 years ago and category awareness for home standbys was 30% of people that were aware that the product even existed that an automatic solution hooked up to your home's fuel supply and electric supply could be something you could have. Today, our latest survey which was done earlier this year, actually before these major events, it's 72% category awareness. So, we look at that and we say well, that's tremendous. Now, obviously major events like Sandy, this event like Irma is going to have a positive impact and have had positive impacts on awareness. It's also had a major impact on the brand. I mean the amount of coverage that we get from a PR standpoint, as well as our paid advertising that we do, kind of post outage, has really raised the profile of the Generac brand, especially around this category. In fact, in many cases you can go into regions of the country, where the brand has become interchangeable, it's become synonymous with the category. A lot of times customers refer to the product as a Generac. They won't call it a home standby, they'll call it a Generac, and sometimes that's – even if it's not our brand, we'll get – our dealers have anecdotally given us, examples where customers call to look for a repair or service on a Generac, and they get there, and it's a different brand. So, I mean it's interesting to see how – and I think, that's really a testament to the amount of effort that we put into creating category awareness and the amount of effort we put into building the brand, and I think, it's really paying off very, very well for us in a lot of cases here.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, that is a number, that's an estimate by – that's not our estimate by the way just to be clear, it's kind of a public estimate of the Florida Health Care Advocacy Groups and the other groups there in Florida. There are about 4,000 sites roughly that they are estimated that would need to comply with this order, and those 4,000 sites, it's estimated at the cost and this will be inclusive of installation, so it's beyond just the machine. The cost of the installation and the machine to bring these sites into compliance with the governor's order would be about $240 million. So, again that's more of a public estimate, we obviously – obviously, there's a component of that, that's going to come to us. And I think, the more important thing is, we see evidence in other areas of the country where the same type of regulation over time could impact those areas as well and could be a tailwind to our C&I business. So this happens after major events like this, we called this out in our prepared remarks, but we typically see – the C&I business, it just takes longer. First of all, their businesses – it's a business decision or if it's an institution that needs to comply with the regulation, there's a time to get the regulations on the books, there's time to comply with those regulations, and it's just – the cycles are a lot longer than you would see with residential. So the afterglow is the kind of term we use, the afterglow for C&I extends much longer after major events, a couple of years. Whereas with residential, it can last two to four quarters. The C&I business can go years based on either compliance with regulation or investments by businesses in their backup strategy.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, I think one thing with that, Brian, you got to remember my comments about, we came into 2013 with a very large backlog. And so that situation, we're not at the end of the year yet, so we don't know what the backlog will be, there'll probably be some backlog going into the year. But the ability to ramp a lot faster and the fact that this storm happened six weeks earlier, the major event that is Irma, we'll have a pretty big impact on us taking care of a lot of the increase in demand directly from the storm in the current year. So, Q3, Q4; Q3 being portables, Q4 being primarily home standby. So, I think, you just have to think about it differently. I don't think, you can't – because of the way the calendar works and because of our ability to ramp faster, I think it's going to have a different – I think the pacing of it's going to look a little different.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, it's interesting that you asked that Chris, I mean, obviously, it's another example. At the peak of it, there were 1.5 million customers without power. As of 8:00 A.M. this morning if you want the exact number, it's 436,000 customers that remain without power. So it's still -we track it very closely. These are data points that we watch closely, I can tell you by state what they are, Maine is at the top of the list to your point. Maine has – we actually have a very good installed base in Maine. I mean, it's not – it's a state that only has what 1.3 million, 1.4 million people. So, I mean it's not a huge kind of market opportunity relative to other areas, but obviously an area as you pointed out that's very in tune with the need to have backup power due to the – just the age of the grid there, the trees, everything else that comes into play when you get these types of windstorms and rainstorms like we had with earlier this week. So, the answer to your question simply is, that wasn't obviously in anything we've talked about here. And unfortunately our portable generator inventories are fairly depleted. We do have certain levels of strategic stock that we keep on hand with certain retailers, and they've been fulfilling obviously the demand increase to the best of their ability in that part of the country. But regrettably, most of the stock is down in the Southeast right now, because of the response to the storms down there. So, logistics are now moving it further North and it's not something that I think will happen as you're going to see, we'll see a nice bump in-home standby activity there, as we get into – kind of get around the horn here in Q4 and into Q1. So that only is going to be positive from a tailwind, it would only go to increase that outage activity over the baseline that we've talked about. It's been a very active year and because we've said for many years, weather moves in cycles like this and it's just we've been in a bit of a cyclical low over the last several years, and now we're moving into a more active period.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, we don't – we haven't actually quoted what percentage of the flow runs through that. And the reason why is that, when you get events like this – this was our thesis, is that, there could be a disproportionate amount that ends up going through it more so than the historical level, because of the concentrated nature of an event. So, but it's – we've got over 2,000 dealers – dealer sales people that use the tool, and so that's expanded over the years that we've rolled it out. We get great visibility of the market, the tool gives us just an amazing insight into kind of what's going on the ground, just how long it's taking. We actually get to see the time lags very viscerally as well, because we can schedule an appointment. We can see the dealers' calendar of opportunity, it's open slots if you will, he or she's open appointment calendar, so we know just how busy they are. Probably the biggest area of stress on it has been the normal algorithms we use to distribute the leads, we've had to – they were kind of computer driven before and driven-off of the important things like customer SAT, and the proximity of a homeowner to that, the dealers close rate. Obviously the algorithm does what the algorithm does, which it gives leads to dealers who have better close rates, better SAT scores and are closer to the homeowner, which is great. But we can't overload a dealer either. So we've had to kind of unhook our algorithm from the PowerPlay app and kind of take a step back and do some manual distribution of leads here, because the amount of lead flow is just well above what we've ever seen. So, we've added a second call center. We've done a number of things to make sure that we're talking to all the customers that are interested in the category, and that we're getting those leads to people that can take care of those customers in a timely fashion. So, again, I think the PowerPlay tool is a great way for us to get really good visibility and insight, on the leading end of the transaction to really understand what's going on with the market.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, so because it's so early, Charley, it's still in the process here, a lot of its right now just the actual doing of the – the going and doing the IHC, the in-home consultation. So, sitting down, pitching it, that's where the bandwidth constraint actually is right now, is scheduling the time to get into somebody's home to actually do the consultation. And then obviously we'll have to see how the close rate matures over the next month or two months or three months here. I mean, we see very – again, we see very viscerally about the lags. The time it takes normally from an IHC to occur to when a close sale occurs, to when an installation occurs and when an activation occurs, and we actually see, you can plot it on a timeline, we know what that is. It's different in different regions of the country to your point with Sandy and it can be impacted by some kind of noted types of constraints. With Sandy, it was not only the bandwidth around dealer bandwidth, just getting to do the install, but actually meter upgrades, because the Northeast has notably lower gas pressure, and a lot of times putting a generator on a home required a meter upgrade. The meter companies themselves – so, even before you get to the utility companies, the gas company, you're talking about the companies that make the meters, didn't – couldn't make enough meters. And then, you had the gas companies had to actually schedule the installs. And then you had to have the inspectors come out and actually do the inspection, issue the permit, and do the inspection. So, all of these kind of throttle points happen along the chain. Now, that will be different in Florida. Florida has a notoriously, and especially coastal regions, which is most of the Florida real estate, has very difficult, very cumbersome permitting processes for projects like this. So, that'll be a – sometimes they are able to expedite them after storms, as a part of storm recovery, but it still can be very long. You have certain things around having – needing a propane tank, if there's not a natural gas line. So, the ability to procure propane tank and put it – and a lot of times that tank has to be buried. So you have to schedule equipment to come and do the excavation and bury the tank to comply with local codes. So, we see typically in Florida installs take longer than anywhere else in the country in a normal environment. So, this – now the good news is, you can do installs in Florida year round. That's the one thing we didn't have with Sandy, we were constrained by weather, with Sandy up in the Northeast, once the ground freezes, it's a lot more difficult to do the installations. So, what we'll see in Florida is, you'll still be able to progress with those installs, but the permitting for the propane tank installations, there's a requirement in the state of Florida that the utility be present to disconnect a meter. So that's not the same requirement in a lot of states, an electrician – a licensed electrician can perform that activity. In Florida, FP&L or Tampa Power & Light has to be onsite to actually do that. That's just the Florida requirements, an anomaly, but it creates another potential point to slow the project down. So just, we'll monitor it as we go forward, and so as we go into 2018, we'll provide updated guidance on that. But there's a lot of moving pieces as you can see based on the way I'm describing it. And we really don't have perfect visibility into what those close rates are going to be going forward. So, a lot of that's going to become clear here over the fourth quarter.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah. The promo was, the heroes of Sandy promotion that we did, was very well received by the market there. We think that in the absence of these events down the hurricanes hitting, we still would had a very decent quarter around home standby, and in particular in the Northeast where the promotion ran. A lot of nice receptivity to it. We're going to sit down as a team – the promo just ended, so we're going to sit down as a team here over the next couple of weeks. We probably would have done it faster if not for all the things that we're in the middle of, and the ramp up around the hurricane response areas. But – and we'll do a kind of a postmortem on that promotion to understand just what was the take rate, what was the opportunity to move people up off of the initial offer to larger products, because they were entry level type products that we are promoting. So, I can probably provide more color on that directly in the next call, Charley, but just anecdotally and based on the number of submissions that we saw for the promotion, it was very well received.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, so it's kind of a moving target right now. But right now, there's been – a waiver has been put in place for diesel generators for emergency use, really storm response during the next six months, basically is just a – I'm going to paraphrase what the stated rule and requirement from EPA is, because if I read you that, we'd be on the call for another two hours here. Because regulations like that are pretty obviously very, very thick. But effectively, we can ship from Mexico or in this case, we're even sending some products from our facilities in Europe, that would normally not be EPA compliant, so they'd be targeted for other areas of the world with either other EPA levels – other emission levels of certification or no levels, as we see in certain regions of the world. And so, we'll be able to do that for the next six months. There is a requirement by the owner-operator of that equipment, to either take that piece of equipment out of commission, after that six-month period or move it completely off the island. They have the evidence that they can't use the equipment in a normal operating environment beyond the six-month period, so for any non-EPA compliant equipment. Now, the bigger issue of course is that, and this is one of the problems that I think Puerto Rico has is, as a U.S. territory, the downside of that is, you get all the U.S. regulation alongside of that. And so that really limits the supply around UL related products as well. So if inspectors require UL, this is not something – I don't think is going to be waived quite as easily as EPA regulations for a period of time. UL compliant equipment which we produce here in the U.S. to a UL, Underwriters Laboratories specifications, that is something that is unique to the U.S. So U.S. manufacturing base will supply UL products into Puerto Rico, but it limits the supply. So the answer to your question, the majority of the supply is still going to come from the U.S. market. There could be some limited supply that comes from outside the U.S., but it will only be for a limited amount of time.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Yeah, thanks, Jerry. I mean, we have spent a lot of time on the installation cost component of a home standby, because that's roughly half the economics in terms of the bill to the consumer or to the business owner. And so, for as much time as we've put on that, we've made a little bit of a dent on it, but it's not as great as we would have liked to have seen at this point. And I think what's unfortunately going to happen, and I've kind of watched this in the past, when you get periods of high demand like this, the sharpness of those quotations around installs tend to get – they tend to not be driven as low from a competitive standpoint, because there's just a lot of opportunity out there. And so, it's competition that really drives those lower. We've got some things we've done to the product to improve the efficiency of the installation, and some of those have read through and have impacted the overall cost. The heroes of Sandy campaign was really, and this is what I think you're referring to, the fixed install cost was really a way for us to test a fixed installation price in a market. And again, working with our channel partners on that, the promotion itself was well-received. And obviously we had to work with our channel partners to remind them of the things that we've shared with them over the years on making these products easier to install and to get them to a point from an economic standpoint, where it still makes sense for them to be involved, right? I mean, we don't want to take away their economics, that's an important part of how our distribution channel makes money in this category. And so – and that's a really critical part obviously of them continuing to promote and be involved with the category. So, what we really are focusing the dealers on is the opportunity after the install for the maintenance opportunity with these products. These products need to be maintained year-in and year-out, and the opportunity to do that maintenance is one that has been, I would say, undercapitalized on by the channel largely. I mean, they – we have some dealers, who are very focused on it and we have other dealers, who would rather focus on the installation or the wiring job that comes with it. So, for us, it's about reorienting the channel around the importance of that recurring revenue stream opportunity down the line and that'll become even stronger, as we roll out the beginning of next year, Q1 of next year, we're going to roll out a remote monitoring package that's going to be standard on every one of these machines, that will allow for a level of visibility with the machine and a level of connectivity to the end customer, that both ourselves and our dealers have not had in the past. So, that's kind of an exciting opportunity to try and help monetize the sale well beyond – the sale for us of a product and beyond the installation for our dealers. So more to come on that, Jerry, but we're not going to – we're not done focusing on it, there's a lot of work to still to be done there, and we have a couple of things in our quiver down the line, where we think there is some, some technical things that we can do with the product, to make it easier to install a step further and that should continue to bring down the cost over time.
Aaron P. Jagdfeld: Great. We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to reporting our fourth quarter and full-year 2017 earnings results, which we anticipate will be sometime around mid-February of 2018. With that, we'll let you go to your day. Thank you very much.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, there'll be a – this is York, there will be a large mix shift. So, Q3, we mentioned the majority of the year-over-year increase on resi was portable driven. That'll shift the other way in Q4 as we are in the process of replenishing our portables. We're ramping up home standby and shipping, we expect to – demand is high for home standby here with the afterglow of the events, and expect to ship a lot of home standby in Q4. So, big mix shift drives a big sequential improvement in gross margins, which drives the improvement in EBITDA margins.
York A. Ragen: Brian, this is York. So if you look at our guidance statement and how we've taken it up, the implied guidance is about $100 million increase versus the prior guidance, and that is predominantly residential products increasing as a result of these major outages hitting in the third quarter. Now, there's multiple outages there with Harvey, which hit Houston. But I think we said that that was more of an unfortunately a flooding event, and didn't take out power to a lot of people, we sold some portables. But we'll see what the follow-on of that is into 2018. But Irma, obviously millions of people without power for a week, it wasn't quite the size of Sandy, I think we measured the severity, it was about 80% – I mean, the severity – actual outage severity in terms of hours out was about 80% of Sandy, that was the second largest event we've recorded. And then Hurricane Maria, that Aaron's comments about Puerto Rico, we're shipping product to Puerto Rico, albeit it's a smaller market for us with more limited distribution. So, I think if you look at that $100 million increase in guidance, that was predominantly related to Irma, but I think putting it all together there was demand for all three.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, so that's – yeah, and that's predominantly what we talk about the impact on that year, because if you think about our home standby, we've talked about new and higher baselines. When you have awareness events and major outage events, you have a new and higher baseline for home standby, which is then, I guess, an infinitely higher then – if you have a new and higher baseline, the impact could be...
York A. Ragen: We're pulling together our numbers for 2018. So, it's hard to comment on 2018. We're evaluating it as we speak, we'll monitor backlog and we'll take it from there.
York A. Ragen: Yeah, I mean, even if you just took out the month of September, which had Irma in it, baseline outages were up for the quarter. So, I think that bodes well for the home standby category.
