York Ragen: I mean I think, overall, what we guided -- what we're talking to and what we're -- our guidance anticipates is that our gross margins overall for the company get back to, I guess, what we're calling pre-inflationary environment. If you look at Q1 2021 gross margins of roughly 40%, our guide basically gets us back there in Q4. I guess I'd have to -- we haven't necessarily parsed that out by product category in our guidance and in our prepared comments. But I would think it would get back to at least similar margin where the pre-inflationary environment was earlier in the year.
York Ragen: Jeff, I'll start there. As I highlighted, embedded in the 32% to 36% overall growth guidance, I mentioned residential products will increase in the low 40% range. Embedded in that is clean energy. We do have aggressive growth plans. We doubled that business here. And from 2020 to 2021, we've got aggressive growth plans here in 2022, well north of 50% growth. So we're excited about that. So that will be accretive to our overall residential product growth overall.
York Ragen: Yes. Jeff, this is York. As I mentioned on the EBITDA pacing, we're looking at Q4 EBITDA margins in our guidance to be somewhere in that mid-20% range, which is for a fourth quarter, that's a seasonally strong quarter. But looking out, I don't see any -- now that we'll level set and reset the margin profile with the pricing actions we've implemented and maybe with some moderation in some of the inflationary pressures here, we should get back to sort of the cadence that we've been thinking about all along in our Investor Day, that 24% to 25% EBITDA margin longer term.
York Ragen: Yes. No, this is York. I'm thinking out loud. We've been talking about how our backlog coming into 2022, and therefore, ending the year in 2023 is going to be probably higher than we were anticipating back in the LRP period that we launched in September of last year. So that obviously will be a tailwind there as you progress through the model. ecobee was not in the LRP model. So you'd layer that on top. That's probably the biggest development that wasn't in the LRP model. It's just our strategy around ecobee and developing a home energy ecosystem and all the synergies that will come with that. That's probably the biggest thing that's not in LRP.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. The Grid Services piece, Tommy, as we've indicated a couple of times, I think, publicly is -- the pipeline there is growing at a rapid pace. We're actually -- we've been expanding our sales force there. We've more than doubled the headcount in that business. We're closing in on 100 people that are focused on it every day. And that's without -- there's a dedicated team, a pretty large dedicated team at ecobee as well that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that's going to be helpful in some of the sales efforts there.  The challenge, of course, for Grid Service and we noted this during Investor Day, is just a long sales cycle. You're dealing with utilities and grid operators and folks that have -- they have a process for these types of programs, the process is and one-off approval through a regulatory agency or regulatory body in general. A lot of these programs, in some cases, to certain utilities and grid operators are completely new. So there's a pretty good sized learning curve here as well. But I would say that we're incredibly encouraged.  We talked specifically about the Southern California Edison PowerFlex program as kind of a proof point of some of the deals that are in the pipeline that are actually getting done. That one is not a huge program, admittedly. But it's a nice program for us because it helps us demonstrate not only to Southern California Edison, but we can use that program and the elements of that program, we can share that with other utilities.  I think a lot of utility companies are just struggling with what is the right equation for them. What's the right -- is it a demand management program? Is it some kind of grid support program? Or is it some other kind of -- some grid operators need help with frequency or voltage on the grid? And we can do that with a lot -- in particular, with our storage systems. Those things can be incredibly helpful to helping stabilize the grid, whether you're talking about voltage or frequency or you're talking about augmenting power generation or curtailing demand. We have basically a huge amount of flexibility in what we can design for programs.  So the kind of lack of formality around what type of program is needed by each grid operators, you have to work with them on informing that. And then the long sales cycle that goes into that, it's going to be a while before we see real, meaningful kind of impact from that in our results. Now we've contemplated that in the guidance we're offering today. And in fact, it's tracking very well, if not above, what we shared with you on the Investor Day back in September. But really encouraging stuff, but just a long sales cycle.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. I mean you're asking for 2023 guidance, right? No, I think I understand what you're saying. And so just a couple of comments, I think. We do think, as we said in the prepared remarks, we're going to end the year, this year, we're going to end the year with a pretty substantial backlog yet of HSB. Because we anticipate the order rate, which we've seen already so far this year and as we exited 2021, has been really strong. In fact, so strong that even though we've taken our production capacity up, we've continued to outstrip that and grow the backlog.  And we are going to grow our output throughout this year. We've got some pretty heavy growth, as we've talked about, our double-double, the theoretical capacity. We talked about how we're unsure how supply chain is going to be able to feed that, although we're getting more comfortable with that as the year progresses here. Again, based on our prepared remarks, we've got some pretty nice growth built into our forecast for the year. But that all said, we're still going to end with a pretty good backlog. The question of how much backlog is going to depend largely on the type of outage environment we see over the next 6 to 9 months as the year progresses. So if we get a heavy kind of -- or normal, I'll say, even outage environment over the summer months and into the fall, we may outstrip that even further and the backlog may be even bigger. So it's really difficult at this stage for sure, to kind of answer the question you're asking.  I do think, though, that what's changed is when we -- last prepared remarks, we weren't -- we thought we'd be out of backlog by the end of '22. And that has changed at this point based on the current demand environment and based on even though that we are adding more capacity. So really, it's encouraging on the one hand, and we do think we're going to bring lead times down, but we're not going to get back down to that normal kind of 1- to 2-week lead time as we end the year.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, yes. So on the HSB side specifically, the markets we're seeing interest, there's a number of markets. But very specifically, down in South America, we're seeing it in Argentina. We're seeing it in Brazil. When you go kind of elsewhere, you expand your aperture to a global basis, we're seeing, obviously, Australia has been a market we've targeted for some time for HSB. We're starting to see growth there, which is very nice. Interest in Japan, which is interesting. We're seeing interest in Russia and Ukraine, which arguably might be related to some of the security concerns short term here.  But typically, this product category benefits from a concern over your power quality. And whether that concern is driven by weather or whether it's driven by geopolitical concerns or something else, we have seen a really interesting increase in the interest level. In fact, I would tell you that the teams over in Europe that are responsible for the rest of the world sales and marketing efforts, they want more product from us. And because of our production constraints here, they're telling us they could sell even more product if we get it in their hands. So we're very encouraged by that. Because I think largely, as we've all talked, this is the category has been primarily a U.S. -- North American focused element. And so to get outside of that, I think, is exciting. Now on EBITDA margins, that's really exciting because we've been pushing on this for a while. We took -- we were heading the right direction up until the pandemic hit. And then our international EBITDA margin kind of stepped backwards as we lost top line volume. As volume returns, and this is -- strip out for a second the acquisitions, take out Deep Sea and Off Grid, which have -- they're accretive from a margin profile, no doubt. But actually, the core ROW business as we refer to are our international segment, without those acquisitions, actually was up as well.  So we're really encouraged by what we're seeing in terms of progress on our march towards improved EBITDA margins in that business. Then you add in the acquisitions, and like you said, we ended the year into the almost 14% in the fourth quarter. And we believe that is going to be a nice -- if you call it a tailwind, I call it kind of getting on finally on with where we want to be with this business longer term with EBITDA margins. But we're encouraged by it. And again, home standby generators, because of the margin profile of those products, certainly helps our natural gas C&I generators. They become -- are becoming popular there, also help. They're accretive to margin and then the acquisition. So we put all of those together, plus just improvements in the general core business that is the ROW business, we're very pleased with where we're going with EBITDA margins there.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Phil. And obviously, we continue to watch that very closely and continue to make the necessary moves we think are important to make timing-wise. As we mentioned on the last call, we made a commitment to invest in additional tooling for production of our alternators, which is one of the constrained areas in ramping production further or ramping output further. We made that commitment because of the long lead times of those machines. At this point, that automation equipment is out 50, 60 weeks in lead times. So we've got that on order. We don't necessarily have an address on what we're going to deliver it yet.  But it would -- based on the timing of that, it would be sometime in 2023. Early 2023, we'd have to find a home for that. We're considering whether we can add that to our existing footprint and maybe take some of the raw material or even finished goods storage that we do in the facilities we use today, maybe move that to off-site. So we're looking deeply at the home standby capacity footprint to figure out how we're going to effect that next leg up.  But we have put in motion kind of the longer lead time items that make that possible. So I feel good about that. And we continue to invest in additional automation in our existing operations and additional capacity. We mentioned -- and we've talked about this at some time, we really are producing home standbys in 3 facilities now. The intent, of course, being once we ramped our Trenton facility, we would go down to 2 facilities. We kind of absorb what we're doing today on a bit of a temporary basis in Jefferson, Wisconsin. We'd absorb that into Trenton more fully.  We are looking at should we keep that third facility running and should we expand it even further. In fact, in our prepared remarks today, we added another line in Jefferson in the fourth quarter. We also turned on another line in Trenton during the fourth quarter. So the Trenton one was contemplated. The Jefferson one was planned as well, but we've got those up and running now. And my point is with this is that, the Trenton one could become more permanent as a way to expand capacity beyond the double-double. So yes, and that plus the additional tooling investments that we're committed to, we think we're going to be in really good shape, at least, to have taken care of some of the longer lead time items that make that possible as we get to early '23.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Phil. We're super excited about the PWRmicros. We think this is an opportunity for Generac to begin to really fully participate in the clean energy markets beyond just the storage markets, which have been really good so far and really encouraging so far as storage attachment rates continue to climb. But we know there's still a substantial number of PV-only type of systems going in that today we don't participate in. So the PWRmicros are our way to do that. The Chilicon acquisition was our pathway. We're making really good progress on the redesign of the initial Chilicon, the original Chilicon microinverter design. They had a really great design. The guys at Chilicon, super bright guys, had developed what we think is, frankly, we think it's industry-leading technology. And in fact, the approach, the 2:1 microinverter, 2 panels to 1 microinverter, we think is an important part of kind of the value prop of the product going forward.  We're on target for a Q2 launch. And so we feel good about that. And as we said in the prepared remarks that the -- where you'll start to see the benefit of that or will experience the benefit of that is really in the second half of this year. We haven't given specific guidance on that yet. We have a lot of supply chain work ahead of us here to ramp. And as you know, a lot of the components that go into those types of products, on the electronic side, semiconductors, processors, microprocessors, there are supply chain constraints that have formed for everybody in the industry and we’re no different. We're working through that, and we're talking to our supply chain partners today about how to be ready for the second half and to scale.  We do expect to get in early in the second quarter, get the samples into beta test sites for our channel partners. Receptivity by channel partners, by the way, continues to be incredibly strong. They are very excited to see us enter the market. And I think it really rounds out our product offering. It's that product supermarket approach that we've talked about so much that I think from a single provider to be able to offer everything from generators to storage systems to PV inverters to load control devices and integrate that on a single pane of glass, like we're planning on doing here and then expose all of that through our Grid Services teams, there's nobody in the industry that can do what we can do, by the time we get to the second half of this year with the product launches we've got that being a key one, of course.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. It's a great question, Brian. Thanks for bringing it up. The pipeline for new dealers remains very strong. Our challenge, of course, has been fulfilling those orders for new dealers because of the backlog. So as the backlog was extended as it is, we're doing everything we can to get product to those folks, but it did flatten out at the end of the year here. We still added 800 in the full year, which is more than we've ever added in a single year. But I think you bring up a good point. I mean there's no question that continued expansion of that channel is critical to our growth. I mean we need that installation bandwidth. We need that sales bandwidth. We need that service and support bandwidth as the install base grows.  So we are laser-focused on continuing to grow that channel. And it is arguable that maybe it does spring load that a bit for 2023 -- or 2022 here. We didn't necessarily kind of speak to it that way. But it's -- I think it's probably the right way to think about it. And that's an incredibly important area for us and is getting a lot of attention. And I think we're going to find our way through to continue to grow that throughout the year here even, hopefully, as we increase our production capacity, that certainly helps us satisfy those new dealers with product. Because the last thing we want to do is sign a dealer up and then we can't deliver to them. I mean that's a demoralizing experience for the dealer. So we've got to focus on that as we get into 2022 here.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think you're going to see growth. I mean just naturally, I mean, you may have seen a little bit of a flattening out here in the back half of the year simply because of the lead times being extended. But as I mentioned, lead times are actually starting to come down. In fact, they're down 4 to 5 weeks from where they were at the end of Q3. So that, as it comes in, I don't think it's going to remain flat. I think it's going to accelerate here as we get out of -- as we exit 2021 and get into 2022, you will see dealer counts begin to pick up again.
Aaron Jagdfeld: And then, Jeff, just on the California, net metering situation is playing out there, really interesting for me personally. I mean I've gotten a front row seat to this. For the first time, we're involved. I'm on the -- there's a war room for the CEOs in the industry on this NEM discussion. It's being sponsored by California Solar and Storage Association, CALSSA. And so this is kind of our first kind of foray into the debate around policy changes that impact the industry.  And clearly, the concern there is a valid one in terms of the draft resolution that's been put forth by California Regulatory Commission there, the CPC. And so I personally, as a provider of storage, we think that this net metering fight is going to play out everywhere. I mean this is like the early innings on what's going to happen when solar hits a tipping point. You do run up against the fact that you need to kind of take a hard look at the incentive structure that net metering provides to assure a fair and equitable incentive structure going forward, yet you don't want to dampen obviously enthusiasm for renewable energy. So there's got to be balance in that. And I think the industry recognizes that. And I think what -- the proposed draft that was put out on California NEM 3.0 clearly doesn't achieve balance. And I think that's the concern.  That being said, I do think that as the battle for NEM plays out and as you find balance, it's going to drive storage rates higher, which is good for us. In the short term, we actually are underexposed in California. So it probably doesn't hurt or help us in California much initially here. But over time, this net metering fight is, if you want to call it that, or this debate, is going to play out. It has highlighted for us something though important, and that is that I think we need to have a stronger voice in the debate around policy as a company. I think we've probably taken a bit of a lower profile there than we should.  And so we're starting to lock shoulders, lock arms here with the industry and go shoulder to shoulder with others to kind of, one, really become deeply knowledgeable on the policy-related things that are going on in the industry; and then try to figure out how we impact it, how we impact it positively for the broader industry as well as for Generac and our customers, so -- and our dealer partners. So I think we are going to be investing in policy and investing in the regulatory forefront more so than we ever have. But it's been really interesting to see this kind of first hand.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Mark, I think there's a -- within that question, there's a lot of moving pieces, obviously, on where do costs go. Is the inflationary environment transitory? The PPI, yesterday, it was a 9.7% read on an annualized -- for the last 12 months, and so 10%. And costs are up dramatically if you look at our business. And I don't think all of it's read through yet personally. I think this is the problem with the Fed. And the problem with these statistics is they're backward looking and they're lagging. You're looking at data that's dated.  Every new contract that comes up, I don't care if it's for snow plowing, grass cutting, delivering materials to the facilities, trucking, if it's -- everything that we do is higher. All the insurance renewals. Everything else is coming in, every time we get a new renewal, software cost, they're higher. So inflation is going to continue to kind of read through I think 6 to 12 months, again, in spite of what economists and other talking heads say. I mean they should really go work for a company because it's really just easy. You just look at all the costs. I said this a year ago. There's no way this is transitory. Wages are going up. Wages don't go back down. It doesn't happen, sorry. And we look at some of the costs and some of the inputs, they're not going back down. They're structural. So it's not that hard. And I think a lot of these folks just get tied up in the data.  So my point on all this is the pricing we put in was to help us neutralize these cost increases. That being said, we didn't put as much pricing in as costs have gone up because we are going to work very hard this year to offset that with some notable cost-out projects. We've got some big projects that we've been working on. We actually initiated them last summer when we saw costs really starting to climb that are going to help us kind of not have to fully bake in the pricing to offset dollar-for-dollar the cost increases. So where do things go from here? Let's hope that they come down at some point, and we're able to bring our pricing down. We want products to be affordable. We think that's an important tenet of growing the category going forward.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. No, thanks, Joe. It's a great question. And obviously, we call them IHCs, in-home consultations. We are seeing a move towards more virtual nature there. But on a year-to-date basis, as we said, I mean, we saw 46 states that had growth in IHC counts. And I mean it's amazing how widespread the growth was, how broad-based it was. In the fourth quarter, there were a couple of regions that we did see a little bit of cooling off and a couple of regions that were just, again, really strong. Regions like the Midwest, regions like South Central and the Western regions continue to be very strong with consultations. Some of that could be that some of those areas have -- individually, there are some states underneath some of those areas that maybe have lower install bases or lower penetration rates, so they're kind of catching up to the averages. Whereas maybe some of the other regions like the Northeast and Southeast might have a little bit above kind of national average penetration rate, so maybe they're slowing down a little bit.  I mean a lot of that is based on what's been experienced in that region directly. That's our history with IHCs. But still phenomenally, I mean, for the whole quarter, up double digits again for the quarter across the country. So just a really strong read on IHCs. And I think it portends really well. And it gives us confidence in the guide that we're issuing this morning around 2022, given that kind of front-end interest that we're seeing in the product category.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Joe, it's a great question. We're really encouraged by seeing that move in Europe to kind of redesignate, if you will, nat gas and nuclear as "clean or renewable." And I mean it's -- look, and you follow the energy markets and a lot of folks on this call do as well. I think we all understand the importance of continuous sources of baseload power. We want to clean it up as much as we can. We want to move to lower intense forms of energy, lower carbon-intense forms of energy. Natural gas provides for us an awesome opportunity to do that and move away from things like coal and move to natural gas and nuclear and other forms that dramatically change the profile of baseload power in the context of how clean it is versus today. And especially as we go to electrify everything, right?  I mean our dependence on electrical power, just electricity in general, you think of a typical home today, and we depend on not only electricity, but we -- oftentimes most homes depend on natural gas for heating or for cooking. And certainly, with transportation, we depend on gasoline. I think having those 3 fuels provides for some flexibility. If we go to relying on a single source going forward, the challenge with reliability becomes -- I think it's going to be incredibly risky to do that.  Back to your point though, your point in terms of the conversations we're having here in the U.S., I think most of the utility operator and grid operators, they understand it. Maybe they're not able to publicly say it that nat gas is something that needs to be around. And you've got these movements afoot kind of local community to local community where they're trying to ban new natural gas connections, which is ridiculous. It's completely shortsighted. And it actually serves -- it serves us negatively as a populist to do this.  And so I think it's well intentioned, but I think the outcomes are really -- are going to be very undesirable. So the conversations are happening. That fleet of product that we have is really desirable. And I'm excited that we're going to be able to connect those products, as we said, through our smart grid ready technology, we're going to make them available and exposed to use in BPP programs like what you're seeing in SoCal Edison and in a lot of other places.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Chris. So the simple answer is that you've got 2 types of capacity, a theoretical capacity and then you kind of have your real world or realized capacity, right, like what you can actually do. And so theoretical capacity is a bigger number than what we planned for here. And again, because we've got -- again, we've got a pretty good line of sight on everything we need. But you've got labor -- potential labor constraints. You've got potential supply chain constraints, logistics constraints. We've baked in, if you will, a hedge. I don't know if that's the right word to use. People can call it whatever you want to call it. But we are planned below the theoretical capacity of the facility for the balance of the year.  Now if we get some breakthroughs on that, could it be higher? Potentially. And we're obviously shooting for higher numbers. And we want to get to that theoretical capacity. I think it's always difficult to run a facility at a theoretical capacity number. You very rarely ever run a facility at 100%. You're always generally running it at something less than 100% because of the real-world implications of doing that. You need downtime for equipment repair and maintenance. You need -- you have people come and go in terms of whether it's illness or whether it's something else, you have the human limitations there. And you try and put all that into the modeling, if you will, and that's what we come up with as kind of our real-world capacity, which is below the theoretical capacity of the facility.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. It's -- J.B., it's great. The Off Grid Energy acquisition has been -- that was our first foray into commercial storage. It's generally the product they have, the form factor of the product is really ideal for the rental market. So it's modern on a trailer. It can be paired with a mobile generator so you can charge it right there in the field. And then you can run off of batteries, particularly useful in construction sites, especially when you get into metro areas where it's difficult to run kind of generators at night or you have noise restrictions, things like that. These products are -- have become very popular. And we're just now introducing them here in the U.S.  So we've got a couple of our national rental account partners that are really excited to add them to their fleets. So we're going to be putting that equipment here in the U.S. But we're also introducing Off Grid to all of our rental customers through our Pramac group, which is our ROW Group in Italy. They have the European rental market is quite well developed. You get into the U.K., you get into any of the European Mainland countries, and we have a lot of great relationships there because we provide backup generators or construction generators as well as lighting towers, water pumps, things like that. So we've got a really great history with those customers, both, again, here in the U.S. as well as in Europe. And the Off Grid products are being incredibly well received.  So our first foray into storage is kind of geared towards the rental market. We are taking those products that we're developing a road map for stationary storage. That puts us kind of into, I would say, it's more akin to what we do in the C&I generator market globally. And that's not necessarily what the Off Grid product is geared towards today. But in the future, the road map would give us a product that would look like kind of storage for those stationary C&I applications. So more to come on that as we develop that, but really good kind of early innings here with storage for C&I.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, I would agree with that. And I think the fact that -- I think maybe not fully appreciated in the LRP, in my prepared remarks today, I said based on our read of the markets that we participate in, we gain share everywhere across the board. And that might not have been fully contemplated in the LRP as well. Just those share gains -- share gains tend to be pretty sticky. So when you are picking up share, you kind of -- that has a compounding effect in out years. So that could be a positive tailwind. Although I think York is right. Probably the bigger tailwinds there would be the higher anticipated backlog for HSB exiting '22 and the ecobee acquisition, which clearly really wasn't baked into the LRP model last September. But good question.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Donovan, I really appreciate that. And you're spot on. I mean over the last 10 years, the last decade is about giving -- is about building the footprint, right, and building the team, building the capabilities to deliver products, manufacture and deliver products into the markets whatever those products may be. Our long-term view was always around HSB products, potentially C&I natural gas products and of course, more recently, clean energy products, whether they’d be storage and we're demonstrating this, right?  Just in my comments -- just on -- with the previous question around Off Grid Energy, the ability to take those storage systems and put them in the hands of our teams where we already have business, where we already have customers, where we already have distribution in those countries, the comments I made in the prepared remarks about HSB expanding and then that we talked about here on the Q&A about markets like Argentina and Brazil. And you're right, it's where you see markets where natural gas is expanding. India is another market opportunity for us longer term. I didn't talk about that, but there's a lot of new pipeline capacity being put online, and it's definitely on the drawing board right now in India. Now it's got to get through the regulatory processes and things in India.  But nonetheless, natural gas is an enabler. LPG markets are an enabler for many of these products. And it fits right in with what we're doing. We said -- we always said that the -- our effort in investing globally was always about the long term. And when we said long term, we meant decades. We didn't mean years. It's starting to play out, which we're really happy to see some of these things in the near term. But longer term, I'm not going to speak specifically to like 3- to 5-year type of growth rates, but we're incredibly encouraged by the interest level in these products. And we haven't even gotten to our entire portfolio of clean energy assets yet and getting those in the hands, residential storage, PV microinverters in these other markets where we certainly know, especially in markets like Europe, and in Australia, where they're a lot more developed. We think we have opportunities there, and we are going to execute on those opportunities in the years ahead.
