York Ragen: Thank you very much. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter 2019 earnings call. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, President and Chief Executive Officer. We'll begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation, as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees, may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we'll make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today's call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: Yes, that's fair. Like Aaron said, these are more startup businesses that are getting into this emerging category, so their revenues are in that range, Brian.
York Ragen: Yes, I think well we've been paying the 10% tariffs on list three started up in September of last year. So we've been, we've been absorbing that for the last call it six months. So what we're seeing run through our P&L is those tariffs. Obviously, we reacted to those tariffs with pricing actions and whatnot. But I guess it's still yet to be seen, if they negotiate away. The threat of the 25% tariff but that that isn't in our - I guess we don't have that necessary in our math, in our outlook statement. But what we have - but what's running through our run rate today is that the 10% tariffs. So it's and we've been absorbing that through pricing actions and other cost reduction initiatives.
York Ragen: Yes, thanks Stanley. Just to kind of parse your question there. So you're right, I don't think we need to add a ton in distribution in like headcount there, although the western parts of the U.S. as I mentioned today we're pretty underrepresented. In terms of distribution, so I think if we're going to put dollars towards distribution anywhere it's going to be in that area. I think from the standpoint also though in sales and marketing effort, the way that we built the home standby market, we developed in-home selling tools, we developed targeting marketing - targeted marketing types of approaches. I think we can leverage a lot of what we've already created there but we still will have to buy media to go out and develop that market, right. So it's one thing to use what we already have is another thing to deploy what we have aimed at a new market. So it's not going to be at the same level of spend what we're doing with home standby. But it will be an increase over where we're running today and that's what we've kind of I think at least begun to model here as we think about, as we think about the future. As it relates to product development, yes, we bought these companies because we like the products they have, the technologies they have. But we need to continue to invest in that, so we can build it out. There are opportunities in the commercial space that we want to build out, there are opportunities in new generations of products, battery costs continue to drop. Technologies continue to change. We've got to tie the products together with our existing home standby products. So there is product development effort there and there's cost. Obviously, whenever you talk about product development efforts, so I wouldn't say it's zero. I wouldn't say it's massive because I think that's why we bought the companies. But at the same time, it's something that we would - we would say is probably reflected in our comments this morning in the way we've kind of phrase them. Longer term, it's really hard to pin like what's 5% but the market is forecasted to grow dramatically as I said it doubled in 2018. That market is set to double again in 2019. We're going to have an Investor Day later on this year and I think we'll talk a little bit more about this market as we continue to learn about the trajectory there, how we want to approach it. I think we have some really solid ideas on it and that's what we've done, what we've done here and we're very bullish on the future. When does it hit kind of critical mass, when does it 5%, when does it hit 10%, you're probably realistically it's probably three, four or five years out before you're closing in on numbers like that, where it's meaningful. I do think that it's, we think in a couple of years' time, it'll go from being dilutive to being neutral or accretive, so I think that's realistic to think about and that that won't take very long because we think the growth rates are such that we'll be on the other side of that equation pretty quick in our opinion.
York Ragen: Yes, it's forecasted to be a multi-billion dollar market very quickly. So we're really excited about. I mean it represents a whole new area for us and we look we've looked for a long time for kind of I'll call it ancillary products that we could bolt into our this awesome thing we've built in home standby and we've looked at a lot of different things and we've just we haven't really found the right thing that fit naturally that didn't distract from what we're trying to do in home standby and actually fit with the channel and everything else we're trying to do in creating a market, market creation type of activities. This energy monitoring and storage market is spot on and it could be huge. It could be as big or bigger than home standby. And if you look at the way it's projected, it could be twice the size of home standby in not too long times, not too long the time. So incredibly excited about it. We really like our positioning here. We think that the solution that we're putting together by taking Pika and Neurio and our expertise in power electronics manufacturing and sourcing putting all that together we're going to get - we're going to be able to bring to the market a very unique solution, a very differentiated solution from the solutions that are on the market today and that I think is going to give us a fantastic position to replicate what we've done with home standby. I don't think it's going to take 20 years either. I think we can be able to do it lot faster because of all the learning cycles we have under our belt and very bullish about that. It's going to be pretty exciting stuff going forward.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, it's a great question, Ben. And while we don't give specific comments on our pipeline, we have been very active. I think the Neurio acquisition represented our 14th, or 15th acquisition here in the last seven years and more recently here as indicated by our prepared remarks, we've been very focused on both building out our capabilities geographically but also into some of these newer spaces like energy monitoring storage. With respect to your question, do we have all the pieces, I think that we have a lot of great pieces in fact I think the pieces that we have acquired really give us the position that we desired to go after this market with a lot of vigor. That being said, I think there are some other areas that that could be potentially bolted in to augment some of those things in energy management and energy storage. I won't comment specifically on them here but we are continuing to look at that space. Our pipeline is full of a number of potential companies that that could give us some additional opportunities there whether it be in the commercial and industrial spaces or whether it be in certain aspects of the management or monitoring. I think that there are a couple of things that we could do there. Also geographically, I would say Captiva which we did in the first quarter was a way for us to get an entry point into India which we had not had prior. There are a couple of areas of the world where we still feel we have where we lack representation. So I would say that our pipeline also would have the types of acquisitions there that would give us the kind of manufacturing and distribution footprints that we think are important for us to be successful in these areas. As far as the question of profitability on these acquisitions, again most of them are fairly small in size. So they don't have an outsized impact in terms of dilution, we did call out a little bit of dilution here with EBITDA margins as a result of the recent acquisitions. But it's minor, it's quite small. I think in terms of the strategic importance of what we've done, we feel very good about that being a really solid investment for the company and for our future. And that that's going to ramp quickly, when we look at all the indications around the energy monitoring and the energy storage market, the people who have been tracking this for a number of years, I think what really caught our eye is just how quickly it expanded last year that that entire market which is admittedly small, so you're working off of a small base but it doubled last year. And it's projected to double again this year and so we think that there is going to be a pretty fast ramp here and so while in the near term, it may be dilutive, the impact. I think certainly over the long-term our view is it's going to be very accretive to the overall enterprise.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, it's another good question. That industry is at least for us with our share, we're probably over index to the national account customers there. In fact in our prepared remarks, we actually we'd like to see some of the independent rental house growth that we saw. That's a good kind of, I would say counterweight to the National Accounts, National Accounts are great. We love them, we serve them very well. We think we have a unique formula to doing that, it's why I think we serve in places like the Telecom spaces and others we serve major customers like that in the retail spaces. We do a very good job of that and the rental space is no different. But they were a little bit slow to get out of the gate this year, one or two of them in particular. And what we've seen is we've seen order rates here pick-up recently. So that's why I think we have the confidence to say that that's going to be something that's coming in the back half of the year and we have a lot of dialog with those rental houses as well. So I think we have pretty good visibility on what's going to happen. It's not perfect obviously things can change but at least based on what we see today, we would see quarter-over-quarter growth going forward, year-over-year growth excuse me in the quarters ahead and full-year growth as a matter of fact as well for that product line.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, good question Jeff. What we're seeing today, we continue to see strength in activation rates on home standby, in-home consultations a little bit of moderation there but that's only because the comps got really large versus last year, we had the nor'easters in the back half of Q1. So a lot of IFC activity at this time last year. That being said, I mean we're holding our own on IFCs and in particular when you compare it to previous years it's quite a bit elevated. So that gives us a lot of confidence that the trend is going to continue and probably more importantly is field inventories are extremely lean for home standby. I think what has happened here is our teams have we've tried to be very disciplined around the promotional environment for that category. I think in years past, we would have maybe scheduled a national promo in Q1 timeframe, we didn't do that this time around. We did some promoting at our national conference this year which was well attended by the way over 2500 dealers just an amazing conference. But we had, we did a little bit of promoting there but by and large, it's really surprised us in terms of the underlying strength. And so we've been disciplined here and that discipline though has worked to kind of drain some of the field inventories out as I think our channel partners maybe wait us out a bit for a more promotional environment. And I think if seasonality plays out the way that it would, we're going to do some promotion of course as we would seasonally and we've got a national promotion schedule here in Q2 but we like the trends that we're seeing and as far as weather's impact, weather obviously is kind of an interesting thing for some companies it hurts them, for us it can help as long as there's outages that go with it. I think when it gets really cold and when there's a lot of snow, there's difficulty in installing products and maybe where it hurt our business this year. If I call it anything in Q1, we actually didn't talk about in prepared remarks but our core business was softer in Q1, really as a result of just a slow start to Spring. It's especially up here in the Upper Midwest. I'm not sure we're ever going to see Spring but it actually snowed this past weekend which to call the weather poor would be, I think generous. But the weather's been off to a slow start with Spring and that was a little bit of a downer for the core products business which depends on that that warmer weather to really kind of kick into season here. Thankfully in the last couple of weeks, we've seen some nice signs there. I think it's been quite a bit warmer in other parts of the country just not quite up here yet. But weather, I wouldn't call it, I wouldn't call it a headwind nor a tailwind I think in Q1 and it was pretty, pretty balanced across the entire enterprise.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, and that's obviously the area of focus and one of things that we really like about this. So your first part of your question is residential versus commercial, the majority of what Neurio and Pika are focused on is residential in nature. That being said, Pika has commercial oriented products as well. These are both pretty, they're not necessarily new entities per se in terms of age, relatively young in terms of a decade old or sooner than that. But they haven't quite gotten a ton of systems out there. Now Neurio has delivered a couple hundred thousand of their energy monitoring devices into the market and their newer energy monitoring and management devices will be just hitting the market here more recently. The go to market strategy is pretty clear though, what we're going to do is we're going to take that big page out of the playbook of home standby and we're going to run those plays, it's a student body right all day long there in terms of awareness, availability and affordability. So focusing on omnichannel distribution, so taking these products to retailers to wholesalers on a direct basis to our contractors, our direct channel, it's going to introduce us to new channel partners potentially in the solar industry. The area of first interest for us is people that already have installed solar systems. There are roughly two million solar installations around the U.S. and only 2% of those installations actually have a battery backup system. The addition of a battery backup system has come down nicely in price over the last several years and with the addition of that, you can dramatically improve the payback on your the money you've already invested in solar. And it gives you a lot more flexibility and you couple that with Neurio's monitoring and energy management and what you get is not only a way for people to improve the payback on their solar systems and get more control but it can help them actually save on their energy bills. And this is where we think the big differentiating factor between what we've done with home standby, so this is where the playbook deviates. Home standby is all about reliability. It's about long-term outages and major outages. And that's and grid stability type issues. That's an industry, that's fundamentally different than what we see forming here with energy management storage. We see this as being about energy savings. We see this about being about the changing energy landscape that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And so using our distribution our 6,000 dealers, the 1400 rooftops that we have for wholesalers, the thousands of points of light that we have in retail and other channel partners to push these products into, we look at the people who are doing this today in energy storage and energy monitoring. They don't have nearly the developed distribution that we have. They don't have nearly the capabilities and consumer marketing, targeted marketing that we have developed and we've developed that circuit because of home standby, they don't have the in-home selling capabilities that we have, the tools that we've developed like power play. And so we think putting all that together is going to be really critically important in developing that market. And I would say one last comment on this point. The western part of the U.S. is where you're seeing a lot of activity around storage, that's not necessarily a strong market for us in home standby historically, power quality is a little bit better, although recently it's kind of broken down in California because of some of the issues around grid stability and issues with PG&E in particular. PG&E made an announcement earlier this week that their grand plan for heading off wildfires is when the wind blows they are going to shut off the grid to 5.5 million people for maybe days at a time. That could obviously develop for us into a nice home standby market because the battery is not going to get you days of backup. But that being said, I think we can have that market is going to be a great complementary market for us with home standby and with the storage markets to develop. And so we're going to be very focused on growing a market that up until this point, I don't want to say we've ignored it but it just really hasn't been there for standby. So I think it's going to be a nice complementary region of the country to what we're, what we're already doing everywhere else.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, thanks Chris. It's another area we watch, we track it very closely. We have the ability to do that with all the data and our activation data and homeowner file that we have here. So I think we have a very good view on this and we see a reliable march upward in replacement. The category's been around 20 years now and in fact, some of the older parts of the market are starting to hit that 20-year mark and that's the life expectancy of these products is between 10 and 20 years, pretty reliably. And as we get into that, today it's about 5% of the sales that we experienced in home standby are four that we can tie directly to replacement but every quarter that goes by, it is pretty cool because you can kind of see it just in the math. We see a reliable march upward in that number.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Right. So I would say and I think I may have mentioned in my prepared remarks, an extended cycle and extended up cycle that we're entering here, when we've seen this in the past and we've been serving this market now for almost 30 years with backup power, so we have longstanding relationships, we have a lot of cycles, we've been through both up and down. And typically when we enter a cycle like this and we really entered it kind of in the back half of last year, we really saw it start to pick up, beginning of last year into the back half. And it really has picked up steam here in Q1, that has generally, historically based on our experience that's been a couple of years of a run as those just the projects cycle themselves for them to acquire the equipment, the carriers to acquire the equipment actually get the project management together and get the installations in as they build out those networks that they harden those networks. It generally runs several years, so two to three years might not be out of bounds in terms of what to think about that and obviously things can come and go that can change that. If there are economic conditions that change, if there are M&A activity sometimes can put a pause on those activities., if there is rationalization of network assets and things like that to be had in an acquisition or in M&A. But we think it's going to we're headed into an up cycle here. Second part of your question on the international opportunity, how accessible is that. I'll address accessibility in two ways. One accessibility in terms of our footprint. I think this is the beauty of what we've been doing internationally. We have added a tremendous amount of footprint to the company in terms of manufacturing footprint and distribution footprint globally, footprint that didn't exist, four or five years ago we had none of that. Today it's over 20% of our total revenues are coming from outside the U.S. and Canada. And that's the raw accessibility in terms of just having physical presence there. Now accessibility in terms of making those relationships and creating those partnerships and how do we win? How do we unseat some of the incumbents that may be serving the market today. A good example would be Selmec, the acquisition we did down in Mexico, classic example and we already owned a company down there Ottomotores, that we bought I think roughly five or six years ago, six years ago we acquired that company but they really weren't in the telecommunications space, they didn't have any relationships, they weren't serving that market with the right product. Selmec on the other hand is that's squarely in the bull's eye of not only their customer base but also their product offering. And so the acquisition, the combination of those two companies has put us vaulted us to the number one position in Latin America in telecom. So you juxtapose adding it to our number one position in North America, U.S. and Canada serving the telecom market and we look at what Pramac is doing, Pramac always kind of dabbled in it but they've never, I think focused on it as much as we're intending to focus on it as a global enterprise here. We're building a team globally that we have our regional teams but we're building a team globally to both look at the products that we offer because they do differ regionally, but also those relationships. What we're finding is interesting is that you see some of the relationships with the International or the U.S. based carriers, those U.S. based carriers are actually starting to branch out internationally. And so we're trying to leverage those relationships where it makes sense. So in terms of trying to unseat a new incumbent, we may not have to unseat somebody because the carrier themselves may be new to that market and we may already be our preferred supplier them either in Latin America or in the U.S.. So obviously we have a lot of work to do in the longer term play but we think that the telecom market in particular is just one of those verticals that is not going away. The U.S. market is 300 cell sites, 300,000 cell sites, 100,000 of which have backup power, 200,000 don't. So penetration is maybe a third but 5G if you're going to have 5G technology and if people are going to drive around and automated cars and we're going to have all kinds of artificial intelligence and other high functioning things going on technologically, 5G has to be completely uninterrupted completely. I mean it can have if a Hurricane comes through, you can lose mobility, you cannot drive or if you get a cell site that goes down. So these networks they're being architected differently, they're being hardened differently. And we see ourselves being a big participant in that on a global basis.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, healthcare remains another important vertical for us. And you're right. Chip, I didn't mention it this morning directly maybe out of respect of time for everybody. Just we had so much to talk about but the healthcare market's been good. You know it's been one of those verticals that continues to grow. It's actually a vertical where we're focused on a more direct basis and engaging with those customers. And this is maybe a bit different from our normal industrial distribution channel where we would go through our fixed distributors and we've got about 25, 30 fixed distributors across the U.S. and in other parts of the world for that matter where we sell products through. But there are certain verticals, telecom being one of them as we talked this morning but also healthcare where we will sell on a direct basis because we believe that that's how those channels want to buy frankly in terms of and they need to be served because of the breadth of the offering they need and also the breadth of coverage that they desire. More specifically the Florida Healthcare opportunity that we've talked about coming off of the events of the last couple of years, there were some regulations that were put in place, a lot of companies had to comply with those regulations for critical care facilities by the end of the year, so that they can have backup power that not only backs up certain critical circuits but also HVAC which was I think the miss in previous regulations and the addition of HVAC obviously adds quite a bit of additional power needed, power needs and the generators grow in size considerably. That went into effect at the end of the year but there were a lot of waivers issued to a good number of facilities down in Florida. And so that leaked over here into the first quarter, we did see some more volume here and that'll probably kind of run its course as we get through the second quarter of this year. But we're starting to see interestingly enough as we kind of thought this might play out, there are several other states that are looking at adopting similar regulations as Florida now, I mean it might be hard to argue that the critical care facility markets bigger outside of Florida than it is there. That's a big market, there is a lot of just given the demographics and everything else. But obviously as we see that and what we think will probably play out over time is on a national basis, we'll see regulations change in a similar fashion because honestly it's the right answer. So we continue to talk to people about that, what we really like about that is the traditional solution of diesel gensets, we're able to convince many of these critical care facilities that gas is a better solution. There are some regulations on the books that that make that a little harder but we're working to change those as well to make gas an acceptable substitution both economically but also from a regulatory standpoint, but it's a very good vertical for us in the future.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, I mean the energy piece is still a pretty small piece for us Brian, it's not I wouldn't call that out specifically is more. Actually, I think the National account pullback was less about energy excuse me and more about just I think General rentals, the general rental market just they were a little bit slow to get off the dime purchasing, these guys have bought remember the national accounts have been doing, they've been through a pretty strong week fleeting exercise over the last couple of years. So they're kind of absorbing all that fleet and actually they would tell you their utilization statistics were a little bit soft in Q1, as they kind of were rationalizing some of this equipment. So putting more out to pass through so to speak and getting out of the secondary market and kind of thinning out the herd a bit. All indications are that they intend to be back and in the second, third and the remaining quarters, your fourth quarter as well. And I actually that's on the back of firmer energy prices. What's going on in the Permian? We've actually been seeing a lot of opportunities in the Permian actually from our specialty rental guys, who not the national rentals but actually the special rental companies have been we've seen a marked increase uptick here as we start the second quarter in natural gas gensets which go are directly being used in those energy plays to generate power off of the flare gas and off the wellhead gas. And so we're seeing a nice lift there and I think with the energy prices being in the ranges that they're at here, it's very supportive for continued investment in the types of mobile equipment that we would typically see there. And then that alongside as I said kind of the general recap, the general rental market kind of getting going here what gives us a lot of kind of confidence there is that the independent companies we're still buying in Q1, we had inventory available and we saw a nice actually a nice shift away from rental, the national rentals and into the independent rentals. So the markets there, I think it was just it's a purely in our view a timing issue mainly attributable to just these national rental accounts from just from Q1 shifting into the later quarters.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Great, thank you. We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to reporting our second quarter 2019 earnings results which we anticipate will be at some point early in August. Thank you again for your time this morning. Good day.
