York Ragen: Thanks, Aaron. While we continue to assess the full impact of the tax reform act, our preliminary announces suggests a meaningful benefit from the legislation. Specifically for 2018, our GAAP effective tax rate is expected to decline between 25% to 26% as compared to the 35% adjusted full year rate for 2017 when excluding the $28.4 million non-cash gain recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017. Based on our guidance provided for 2018, our cash income tax expense for the year is expected to be approximately $28 million to $30 million, which translates into an anticipated full year 2018 cash income tax rate of between 12% to 13%. Before considering the impacts of the tax reform act, the anticipated cash tax rate for 2018 would have been approximately 17%. The reduction in the cash tax rate for 2018 as a result of tax reform is expected to result in a benefit to free cash flow of between $10 million to $12 million based on the outlook being provided. As a reminder, we still have a favorable tax shield as a result of the significant intangible amortization reduction in our corporate tax returns that results in our cash income tax rate being lower than our GAAP income tax rate. With the passage of the tax reform act, the tax affected annual value of this tax shield is now expected to be approximately $30 million per year due to decline in the federal tax rate from 35% to 21%. Lastly, I’ll provide some brief comments to help model cash flows and earnings per share for 2018. In 2018, we expect interest expense to be approximately $43 million, assuming the pricing in our newly amended term loan credit facility, our interest rate swap agreements that we currently have in place and a rising interest rate environment in 2018. Depreciation expenses forecast to be approximately $26 million, GAAP intangible amortization expense in 2018 is expected to be approximately $21 million, which is a reduction from $28.9 million in 2017. The year-over-year decline in expense is primarily a result of certain definite lives intangibles becoming fully amortized during 2017. Stock compensation expense is expected to increase to to approximately $12 million to $12.5 million. Our capital expenditures for 2018 are forecasted to be between 2% and 2.5% of our forecasted net sales for the year. For full year 2018, operating and free cash flow generation is once again expected to be strong and follow historical seasonality, benefiting from the solid conversion of adjusted net income to free cash flow expected to be over 90% in 2018. This concludes our prepared remarks. At this time, I'd like to open up the call for questions.
York Ragen: I mean if you look, we’ve talked about that $65 million to $70 million portable impact from the storms, a lot of that happened in Q3. Based on the fact that we’re not assuming any major outages in 2018, that won’t repeat and that’s why we called that out. And then Q4 with our ability to ramp up here, we’re at near record levels on home standby in Q4. And again, without major events, you won’t be at that level but you will be at a new and higher base line, which I think is the key for home standby showing growth year-over-year there for the full year at least.
York Ragen: I mean the metal content and generator to generator from that perspective. But I think from a price cut, the way we think about price cost is price on the price side, it will be -- I think Aaron just alluded to should be a relative prior year of more favorable pricing environment. So you’ll definitely see some positive impacts on the price side. On the cross side, we are seeing headwinds with commodities and currencies. But as -- we've talked about publically when we had our investor day and internally here we focus very hard on what we’re calling our profitability enhancement program and there is a lot of initiatives here that we're working on to help offset what may be headwinds relative to commodities and currencies. So from a overall net price cross standpoint, we think that should be a net favorable. And then given where we're seeing growth from '17 to '18, there is probably relative to mobile and international what not, probably a little bit of mix headwind but net-net, we do expect to grow margins up to 2017, EBITDA margins.
York Ragen: Actually, if you look at the last few quarters, up just strip up even the major landed hurricanes. Base line outage activity actually has been elevated, actually above the longer-term average the last few quarters or months. So this guide actually assumes a version down back to the longer-term average of baseline outages excluding majors. So not necessarily trying to run rate the higher levels that we saw here in 2017.
York Ragen: I think the way we’ve laid it out, Charlie, I mean that just -- given the seasonality of the residential business even with some backlog coming into '18, that Q1 is always the low point of the year. And I think and looking at how we're laying things out, we think it’s going to be more indicative of the longer term average. So if you look at first quarter as a percentage of the total year. The last couple of years, it’s just been low relative to longer term average we think Q1 would be benefit us from that excess resi backlog coming here it will be more normalized. And then it will be build from there it’s just the way the resi side of the business works. And then on the C&I side, I guess, we just expect some building throughout the year as well.
York Ragen: We look at both commodities and currencies and look at our lags and many. I think to your point it varies depending on the supplier. But on average, it may -- there maybe three to four months of passing on particular commodity movement or currency movement with the supply chain. And then it might be another two to three months to get through inventory. So I mean there could be some pretty long lags relative to when we see a commodity move or a currency move to when it shows up in our financial statements. And that really gives us time actually in terms of executing cost reductions as well. So I think we’ve seen with the weakening of the dollar, there are some things that we’re looking at there and we’re watching it closely. But the commodities have moderated a bit here but we’re watching it close and have forecasted them quarterly with the corporate lags.
York Ragen: I mean that’s the key, as we believe that the pricing environmentally be more favorable to help offset that.
York Ragen: I think as far as resi goes, I think we quantify that I guess call it the headwind from portables that if you don’t assume a major. So I think the portables year-over-year will be down but we believe home standby will see some nice growth. Obviously, heavier in the first half versus the second half from a growth perspective, but we think that home standby growth will help to offset that portable headwind. And on C&I, there is a number of pieces there but that mobile business Aaron just alluded we believe we’re going to see some very strong continued growth in the mobile side. And that international segment we’re going to continue to see some very nice growth there as well. So again expect some strong growth out of the C&I side.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think we've always said the residential product class that we have the vast majority of our sales are home standby generators. I think what we did quantify because as you know portables when you have a major event that’s much more reactionary product category that volume spikes and then comes back down to previous levels, which is why we thought it relevant to at least try to quantify what the strong impact on portable was. On standby its much different. It elevates and then hold the new in our base line. So we don’t think it make sense the back that out. But from a portable stand point, we quantify what we believe to be the 2017 impact from major events as roughly that $65 million to 70 million.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So we did have some backlog coming into the year from Q4’s order rates. And again, we called this out in our third quarter call. It’s not nearly to the level that we experienced with Sandy for a number of reasons. The biggest of which of course just the fact that these storms happened a lot earlier than the season than Sandy. So a lot of the benefit of that event is really captured in Q4. So with Sandy, it was a late event and it took us a little bit longer to ramp. We didn’t have quiet expertise we have today and our ability to ramp up. And as a result, a lot of that benefit float into the first and second quarter really of 2013. So a different situation, really primarily related to timing. There is a couple of other reasons too. I mean, obviously, these events weren’t the size of Sandy either, which I think is another important factor in that. But in terms of where we're at today in the cycle, we still see some very good demand. Usually what we say is, you’ll see two to four quarters of elevated demand following an event like this and really pronounced that the one year anniversary of that event. So we would expect the same thing to happen. What we see as we saw in Q4, continuing to see activations pacing ahead of prior year here as we go into Q1. We’re continuing to work down that backlog. Our order rates -- our lead times for orders have come in nicely from where they were in Q4, but strong demand there. And then our C&I business as we called out in particular our mobile business, we continue to see that market rebound sharply here as we thought beginning of last year it’s continued again here beginning of 2018.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, I think that’s probably a fair assessment, Ross. I mean I think the big challenger of course is the second half of the year which because we don’t include any major events in our guide, it’s going to be a challenge at least on guidance -- as we issue guidance this morning, it’s difficult to comp that back half of the year. So that’s really I think where you probably are -- when you’re looking at it right I think in terms of first half, second half. But York, I don’t know…
Aaron Jagdfeld: So Florida specifically, Ross, obviously, it’s not as a fever pitch it was during the events and near-term right after. But it remains very robust. We saw great activations in Q4 in Florida and Texas and Puerto Rico for that matter, other impacted regions. But Florida specifically, what’s interesting about Florida and this is maybe another comparison to if you want to look back to Sandy, we don’t have the concentration of dealers in that market that we had in Northeast, so that’s another headwind to really trying to do that comp directly apples-to-apples with Sandy. So right now, we’re focused on expanding distribution. It has been almost 11 years since there was a major event down there. So you get a normal amount of attrition. Contractor just frankly turnover and that’s our dealer base. So it’s an effort to increase distribution, which we’ve done in Q4 and we’re continuing to do here in Q1. IHC the home consultations remain very strong down in Florida and activations as well. I mean it is a market where you can install products here around. I think that’s one difference from when you get events in some other regions of the country. But by enlarge in relation to field inventories, field inventories feel very -- especially in the storm affected areas, tight. So I think it’s a different pricing environment right now. And so you won't see the normal promotional cadence you may have seen from us over the last several years. We’ll run our national promotions and thing like that. But some of the one off promotions that we’ve run in the past are going to be more limited, just as a result of the formal pricing environment. And so that clearly I think put a lead on where field inventories go. So we feel very good coming into this year, especially when you look where we were versus a year ago regarding field inventories.
Aaron Jagdfeld: No, we’re not disclosing the details, other than what we’ve said these are bolt-on type acquisitions Brian. We've done a bunch of these in the past. And so it’s similar in size to many of those acquisitions, about 300 employees. But we’re not giving the specifics on the transaction at this point.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Brian, you hit the nail on the head, I mean that our European operations have done well. Obviously, the European economy is expanding, but we’re gaining traction with many of those new products. In particular, when you look on the mobile product side, the Lighting Towers that are more focused on LED lighting, fuel savings being the primary driver of that purchase in Europe with fuel cost being higher than you would find here in the U.S., driving the product line more that direction, hybridization of some of the products as well, again fuel savings being a key driver. But I think in general the other things that we’re very pleased with there is Pramac in particular has been focusing on some larger projects. We saw some projects in Russia and some other parts of the globe in China that we’re larger in scale from what they’ve historically done. So we believe that there is some great upside there of their ability to participate in those projects as a result of being part of a stronger company in terms of just the financial position of the company versus being a smaller independent company as they were before. So there is trust factor with the client base, the customers that are buying those extra types of products, and want to make sure that they’re back stopped by a strong company. And in particular our company with global operations many other companies we’re selling to have operations around the world and they want to have a consistent supplier around the world. So we’re starting to see that take hold as part of our thesis in building this out to become a Tier 1 C&I player. And we’re really seeing that grow. And I think what we’re going do in Latin America and what we’ve done already with Ottomotores and now with Selmec, you’re going to see us continue on this path.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Well, again and maybe it’s a good opportunity to talk through this. It’s a step function type business. So we saw the pop last year to grow to a new level and now we’re holding that level. And in the absence -- as we do with guidance, this is the problem with guiding for this company, right. Because the episodic nature of our residential business when we guide without events, it’s maybe underwhelming when you hear it. But the reality of it is it provides a tremendous amount of upside potential with the company should those events happen. We’ve gotten use to not providing our guidance inclusive of the events, because we think it’s the more conservative position to take. I don’t know if that hurts the stock in the short run or helps us is long run. I don’t know that at all. But the fact of the matter is that we think that we continue to see as my comments said, we continue to see really good activity down in those markets that were impacted by the storm, that’s what helps us whole value in higher base line. We're looking at expanding distribution in those markets and we think that that normal two to four quarter pacing with home standby is going to continue this time around as we’ve seen in the past.
Aaron Jagdfeld: No, not really, Stanley. Again, I think this time around because we're in much of the storm activity was in normal weather climate, really provided an opportunity to install products on a pre consistent basis, so already installed and are notoriously long, because the permitting process can be longer. Generally there is an LP tank involved if you don’t have an natural gas line available, so there is a little bit more in terms of logistics, which can stretch out install. But we're not seeing anything that would be dramatic, not like if you had in event in the northeast or mid west where you’d have the frozen ground. We see seasonality with installs there, normal seasonality there.
Aaron Jagdfeld: It’s more the mix and the leverage than anything, Stanley, that’s really how I would characterize that. We've done some cost out as well, so that -- especially when you look at in Latin America in particular.
Aaron Jagdfeld: We’ve talked about this in the past. Our acquisition strategy today has been anything that helps us advance our powering ahead strategy faster. So I think bolt-ons has been a great way for us to do that. It’s not that we don’t look at larger deals, it’s just -- and I think even with our financial position a year ago, we would have able to do a larger deal if we wanted to, just being in better financial position today, give us an even better position to do that, it could. I mean, I won’t say that our funnel doesn’t include larger things, it does but I would say our primary focus is on bolt-ons.
Aaron Jagdfeld: What I can say about that, Chip, is that we endeavored to put all dealers on power play. We have a lot of them on power play. In fact, if you want to strip apart the distribution, the better dealers are on power play and you see that not only in their size but also their close rates, so dealer that use power play have higher close rates. Again, we don’t get into quoting specifics on what they are, but they are materially higher than you would see in dealers that don’t use the tool. And again, for us the biggest thing that it gives us is great visibility for those deals that don’t close. And that’s been I think an area of intense focus here on how we work that file as we refer to it internally, call it a file. And that file of unclosed IHCs and proposals that that is there is a really rich marketing opportunity for us. And as that file grows and as outages happen, we track outages as we said before as we look to do promotions whether they be nationally or regionally, we can tap that file in ways that just wasn’t available to us five years ago prior to having it. So it’s a really important tool for us. It also give us great visibility on how install costs are trending, how they trend from one dealer to the next, one region to the next. It’s just an incredible amount of data for us, and it’s been something that’s been huge part of how we’ve focused on growing that market in spite of not having any major events. And I think it really paid out for us as we said during the third quarter call, we saw IHC rates that were we’ve never seen before, because we haven’t pressure tested the tool. So it’s been great to watch to that, the upside of that is on the data that we get.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So the product line is going to launch here in April-May timeframe with standard remote connectivity. We think that this is a again another major initiative, major differentiator between ourselves and competitors, but probably even more than that, because I think what’s really important is this connectivity layer that we’re putting in and we’re developing in all in-house we’re working on it for last couple of years and it will be across the product line, there will be different levels of service. Of course, there is a pay level of service to the premium level service. But I think what’s really important is longer term when you think about that, it’s not only that we can give the home owner and the dealer better information about their product, and it’s all about the uptime of our emergency product, but we see on market in the future that could develop where these assets, these generators, as opposed to being singularly used as an emergency back up only could be deployed in a different fashion. They could be deployed in as part of our businesses, energy strategy or homeowners’ energy strategy to help reduce their energy cost. And connectivity layer makes that all possible. And so we think that this is -- we haven’t talked a lot of about this is part of our lead gas initiatives and strategy. And you’re going to hear more about that going forward. But the term distributed generation demand response, these are terms that in particular have always centered on the commercial and industrial part of the market and come in, in and out of favor based on where gas prices are and utility prices are. But we see this as a major market opportunity for us in the future across our entire business line. And we think residential is going to play a role on that. It’s going to be pretty cool of what’s just developed over the next few years, but that connectivity layer is central to it.
Aaron Jagdfeld: The information we get from our customers and we’re talking all and the major and independent rental companies out there. There is a couple of factors. First of all, actually the oil and gas piece of that is only in nearly innings with oil prices only really recently getting into a range where oil and gas exploration and production have begun to ramp. The products that serve those markets, the lighting towers the gen, the heaters, pumps and things that we manufacture, are really starting to only now improve in terms of our order rates. I think up until this point, it’s really been about general rates weighting, the fleets went through an extra year or two of the rental company holding on to those assets before the secondary markets were depressed. So in terms of getting the returns that they are looking for and utilization rates were depressed, they held on to the equipment as opposed to turning it. And so that refresh cycle has been ongoing. And actually that’s still -- we’re probably more middle innings on that. When we talk to our customer base there, it feels like the majority of 2018 could be a pretty solid year that we're planning for to such in terms of our production capacities and our supply chain readiness, we’re attacking that pretty vigorously. We think that there is going to be window here to raise for share that market and make sure that we not only maintain our share but maybe even grow our share opportunistically by taking some bigger bets on whether its inventory safety stock or some other could be finished good safety stock there as the rental companies deploy CapEx throughout the year. Just looking the public comments that many of the rental companies have made clearly CapEx spending is going to be up this year versus prior years. And then I think lot of those comments were made really prior to the tax reform act, which could have an added bonus there in both literally and vigorously in bonus depreciation. So the ability to accelerate depreciation on purchases of capital equipment here over the next several years could lead to may be an exacerbated fleet refresh cycle as a result of that. So we have to wait to see we're still evaluating that, but that’s how we view it.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think the important thing there is without the assumption of any major events, resi is more level loaded for the year. And Q1 still be more so than normal, much more so than normal. And again I think we said in the prepared remarks. But it’s really the assumption of not having outages the major outages in the guidance.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So on the mobile product side it’s really about adding shifts, manpower to achieve some of those higher level. In terms of lead times on those products today, it depends on the product. But if you look at a typical lighting tower I mean the lead times are getting extended there, depending on the configuration. I mean in fact for us we’ve seen most of our production get booked up here in Q1, and we’re kind booking slots now into Q2. Now that can change if we can continue to ramp, we’re starting to see some potential constraints there even some of the supply chain, some of the major engine suppliers in those product ranges are beginning to also feel tightness and are pushing out lead times. So that’s actually impacting us more. Frankly, if we could get some of these engines, we could build more product here but starting to tighten up. Now, we have other engine partners and so we're bringing those online as well. But it’s been normal stuff you run through when you grow as quickly as that business is rebounded. On the standby side, my comments were about the residential stand, we're really able to grab a lot quicker in response to the active storm season this past fall in that business and may be the last comparable in 2012 with Sandy, for a couple of reasons; one, we had more safety stock components; two, we had gotten our supply chain into a position this time around, to be able to supply more product more quickly; and three, through continued investments in automation and other improvements in our efficiencies on the actual assembly of the products, we’re just able to get there quicker. And as far as the ramp down on the other side of that, there is a normal attrition rate that takes place in any manufacturing environment that we would see. I think we’ll be able to achieve. We do want to make sure we’ve got appropriate levels of inventory both in our stock as well as in the field going into next season. So that ramp down won’t be a cliff, it will be -- gradually decline down, you let attrition take over there, and then you get into a position where you’re ready for the next storm season. So we feel really good about where we're at in that cycle today. And I think the benefit of having pressure tested that whole ramp up ramp down I think only goes to benefit the company in the long run when we see these episodic events happen.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So what I can say about that, Jerry, is that our lead times for product really in the Q3 to Q4 range we're out, two to three weeks depending on the products on average. And today they’re much near inside of a week. So we’ve been able to -- as we’ve said we in our prepared remarks, there is a little bit of backlog coming into the beginning of the year and nice flow of backlog there, excess backlog as we would say that we work down here into January and February. And today we feel -- it’s a pretty good balance of what we’re seeing.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Okay, thanks. We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to reporting our first quarter 2018 earnings results, which we anticipate will be at some point in early May. With that, have a good day. Thanks.
