Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So, maybe, Tommy, I'll take the second part of that question first. Yes, on the first part of the question, obviously, we have been talking about a $300 million impact from the field inventory situation last year. And so, obviously, part of the increased guide here I would say this. The guidance we had originally proposed considered the destocking, so the increase in guidance from the mid-teens to the higher number would be really the delta that's storm related.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So that's all incremental. I'd have to do the math to give you a more precise answer than that. But that's how I would answer it, is that the original guidance did contemplate that. The destocking occurred in Q1 and we don't -- that hasn't been a problem as we'd expect it, here in Q2, and it won't be a problem in the balance of the year. As far as the activation and shipment trends from Q2, as we said, activations in the first-half of the year were modestly down. That really is related to the lower power outage activity that we saw last year. And in the beginning we kind of started off the year a little bit slow. Here in 2024, Q1's outage hours were below the baseline average, but they've obviously picked here in Q2. And we anticipate those activation rates to grow through the balance of the year here. And in fact, as we noted in the prepared remarks this morning, July, we're already seeing -- from a trend standpoint we're seeing that pick up. So, shipments were, I would say, ahead of activations if you're look just at Q2, but that's seasonally to be expected. That's how -- yes, and it was only slightly, it wasn't a big number. But that's how the business paces in terms of preparing for the season. We want our channel partners to have that product ready to go. But again as we've said previously as we exited Q1, we feel like those field inventory levels are at normal, right? So, this is all part of the normal seasonal trend at this point.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, thanks, George. So, what we saw in July, obviously, was that the Hurricane Beryl impact was significant. And in a market, in Houston, that had been also impacted earlier in May by -- I think some people referred to it as a derecho, kind of a straight-line wind event that created outages. And I think really the impact of Beryl even though it was a Cat 1 storm and not really that strong meteorologically, the way they're scored, the ground was very saturated and there was high enough winds that that led to just a lot of infrastructure damage, physical damage with trees and other things taking out components of the grid. And so, it took a long time to repair. And what we've -- in our experience with outages, it's really frankly more the length of the outage. So, the duration is -- it plays a huge role in getting people to a point of high interest in finding solutions, right? And so our increased guidance is really reflective of two things. One, we sold a lot of portable generators in July. As you would expect as one of the leaders in the industry, we carry a fair amount of inventory in preparation for these types of events, and that inventory was deployed very quickly down in that market. Maybe not as much as we would normally see strictly because that storm, you would normally have time ahead of the storm to prepare, this storm kind of caught people off guard. It was supposed to hit the Mexico-Texas border, and then it took a severe right-hand turn and went north kind of at the wrong time, and impacted, obviously, the Houston market instead. So, not a ton of time to prepare and get more inventory positioned ahead of the storm, but in the aftermath we certainly were able to deploy that. But then obviously the increase in IHCs, in-home consultations, has been dramatic in the month of July I would say. We have continued to see in our history here since we've been tracking IHCs, and remember that really goes back to kind of around the post-Sandy era, so in that 2012 to 2013 timeframe, so about a decade that we've been doing this. We continue to see with every hour of outage activity a higher level of intensity of the number of IHCs or sales leads we get per hour. And that definitely fit the bill in this storm. And some of that again is related to the fact that that market was also impacted earlier in the year by the previous event, so the combination of those things. And we have about 800 dealers in Texas, so we think we're in pretty good shape to respond to the event. We don't have 800 in Houston. We have a lot in Houston, but not 800, but 800 across the Texas market. And there is a bit of an echo effect that happens when you see an event like that hit a market, like Texas, you generally see an uplift in other markets with IHCs. I would say with this event, and that generally comes because of media coverage of an event. I do think that for whatever reason the media coverage of Hurricane Beryl was maybe a little more muted than you might expect on a national stage. Certainly, if something would have happened on the East Coast or the West Coast that tends to get the media's attention a little bit greater. Something happens down in Texas, maybe not as much. But nonetheless, I think the increase that we've seen in IHCs we believe underpins the increase that we've given in terms of the guidance. And today, Texas is still under-penetrated in our view, so we're roughly 6% penetrated nationally on the average. In the state, we're less than 5% penetrated today. So, we think there's room, and obviously it's a huge housing market. And a lot of people went through those multiple outages here, and we do think that pen rate is going to increase in the years ahead.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. And I think some of that too is the fact that when we acquired ecobee at the depths of the pandemic, so I think the cost curves there were inflated, maybe even artificially surcharges --
Aaron Jagdfeld: Especially on our electronic components, and that has obviously relaxed as well. So, that's part of it. Not to discredit or take away anything from the teams in terms of their efforts, which have been great, but some of that is market forces. And then I think, Mike, to answer the question on timing, I would say this on timing. That nothing has really changed in the timing of our new product introductions, right? So, we're still targeting the end of this year for our next-generation storage device, first-half of next year for our microinverter products, those are all still intact. I think what -- and we may have mentioned this on the call, what may have changed is just the sour mood around solar plus storage, that market, right? The market trends there have been muted, have been relatively negative this year and have kind of persisted through this year with higher rate environment and still kind of absorbing the impact of net metering 3.0 in California. But that, I would say, for us, again, it's not much of an impact this year, but I think some of that might get offset if the market remains a little bit weak. We talked about this Department of Energy grant that we were awarded. That grant was -- we generally thought that, that would impact us to the tune of about $100 million when we announced it last -- late last year, and that was going to be over -- it's a five-year term. That was upsized significantly here through our discussions and negotiations with the DOE and the other partners on the island, and now we think that impact is $200 million, and the bulk of those installs are going to happen in 2025 and 2026. So, that's an element that we didn't have necessarily in our -- a project win of that magnitude. We didn't have that in our original kind of pacing, so I think that helps to offset any market weakness that may persist into 2025. So, I guess, a long-winded way, as I generally do, of saying, we're really not changing the timing on this. I think it's -- the puts and takes there might be a little bit different than what we had originally contemplated, but I think the timing is intact.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. And then, Jeff, I think, with the IHCs and kind of the "tire kickers," we have seen an increase in, the -- I'll call it the broadening of the top end of our funnel. We've talked about our efforts in outreach to engage new demographics and trying to broaden the consumer appeal for these products more broadly, and that has produced, I think, the effect it's had is it's -- we've got a lot more people shopping the category. There's obviously the -- I would also talk about, the broader mentions of potential power outages from some of the structural things that are going on with the grid. We talk about the electrification trends. We talk about the decarbonization trends. We talk about power quality, being impacted negatively in the future here, today and in the future, and also power prices are expected to continue to rise, and that the media -- I think mainstream media has picked up these narratives, and, I think that also is leading to people coming into the funnel and exploring their options around resiliency and trying to manage their own power and independence and efficiency. That said, when you get an event like Beryl and you get the increased outage activity that we have, it's obviously an opportunity for us to engage clearly on the resiliency story with those people who may have received an IHC and for whatever reason didn't -- we didn't get to closure on a project. I think it's important to note, close rates have improved throughout this year, and they're up nicely from the end of last year, but what typically happens -- historically what we see is when you get a large-scale event like Beryl, you'll see a weakening in the close rate kind of temporarily in the affected markets because you get such an influx of leads. You get a lot of people into the funnel at once. Now, that could be somewhat offset by some of these warm leads being -- if we're able to nurture those to closure as a result of the event. So, I think that'll all kind of work out, in the future here as we look at what the close rate does, but we do expect the close rate to kind of step back here temporarily, but we have a lot more leads. So, and that's, again, a combination of all those elements is what goes into our calculus around raising guidance today. So, and once those leads are in our system, we can nurture them later too even if they don't get to closure today. We have, I think, much better nurturing techniques and capabilities today than we've ever had, and so the opportunity to work those leads in the future either on the back of future outage events or, certain promotions or new financing opportunities, things like that, we've been pretty bullish about the opportunities that as our growing house file, if you will, of sales leads, the ability to mine that file to the benefit of driving more sales.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Got it. Thanks, Kashy. So, yes, I mean, Texas is obviously it's a big market. We don't break out each kind of state that way, but we have grown, if you recall back with the Texas freeze, that event in February of 2021. We said our, penetration rates were sub 3% then. Today, they're sub 5%. So, in Texas, at 200 basis points roughly of penetration growth in Texas in a pretty brief period of time, about a little like about three years' worth of time. So, it's been an important part of growth here. And obviously, these events, both the derecho in May and then the Hurricane Beryl event are going to continue to drive that market forward. But again, still sub 6% at 5%, I mean, there's a lot of houses that said another way, as we like to tell our teams here, 95% of the homes in Texas don't have the product. So, and they are all kind of potential targets for a generator. And it's a huge market. And so, we're really bullish on that. In terms of the kind of the question on telecom specifically, we kind of think this is the bottom here for telecom for us, especially relative to the comparisons last year, the current pacing, though, the current run rate feels like it's at the bottom. In fact, the back-half contemplates a little bit of increase, especially as we get into Q4. So, kind of Q2, Q3 here is kind of the bottom for the telecom cycle, as we see it starting to maybe show some green shoots there. We're hopeful about 2025. But the reality of it is, we don't have any solid forecasts or information from our telecom partners at this point, that would say that '25 is going to be better than '24. They haven't shared anything with us yet. But once they get to that, that stage of planning for next year, hopefully we'll be able to relay some of that information as we as we get into the 2025 guidance next year. But it's an important market. We have an outsized share there. So, that's why it's kind of impacted us negatively this year with the pullback. But that's -- we're bullish about that long term, as I said before, tower counts, hub counts, all those important elements of the infrastructure for wireless communications, and then the critical nature of those comms, and the need for reliable power infrastructure, especially, again, when we have outage, large outage events like Beryl, it really does highlight the need for hardening of those networks. So, that we expect to be important long term. And then your last question on the industrial distributors. Yes, we've done a lot. The current -- and our team here, the leadership there, Eric Wilde and his team have done an awesome job, really working through our distributors here in the U.S., and putting the other plans to make the right investments in whether it be sales, whether it's service, whether it's our ability to support, where we're selling direct, either through telecom or other, other opportunities, we have to make sure we have that kind of coast to coast support. But also, we've done some acquisitions there, we've acquired a couple of distributors where we were underperforming in certain markets, and we felt that we could do better. And that actually has paid off quite well. In the markets where we've done acquisitions, we've seen our share improved dramatically. Again, we were underneath our share nationally in those markets. So, just getting to the share position would be an increase, but we've actually gone beyond that. So, we've seen some, some really nice results there, alongside kind of our organic efforts with development of the distribution partners. So, those are all paying off, we're gaining share. And we really like where we're going with that channel. It's helped, kind of be a bellwether here as we weather the downturn in telecom and rental in 2024 here, that channel has performed quite well. And we expect it to continue to remain strong here through the next several years.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Stephen. It's a great question. I can tell you that historically, whenever you get a widespread outage, it makes people think, right? So, as an example, in Texas, you get a hurricane hitting Texas early in the season, first cat five ever on record in the Atlantic that early. And people in Florida are watching. And so, Florida IHCs, there is a reverberation there that's positive, that gets people to action quicker. We advertise on a national basis so that advertising resonates better when in the background you have outages taking place. So, we have historical reference points for that. And we certainly have seen some of that here as well. Again, the only cautionary point I would put on that is that for whatever reason, the Hurricane Beryl Texas event was maybe less covered nationally. It was really quite a significant event relative to just the raw hours and the duration of the outages. And yet, nationally, the media just, I don't think covered it quite as well maybe as they might have if that had happened perhaps somewhere on the East Coast or somewhere on the West Coast. And that happens. But nonetheless, that's a reality of some of the way those cycles work. But we are seeing definitely, especially the Gulf Coast states, when you get into hurricane season and somebody sees, when people see a storm of that magnitude, something that gets to that magnitude that quickly this early in the season, and in particular where we've got a very strong season still predicted. So, I think that's another important element here is that that hasn't gone away, right? Nothing's changed there. Yes, it's gone quiet here for a little bit, but normally it would be in July and August or July in particular is usually a quiet month for events. But we'll see how it turns out the rest of the year.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Thanks, Jordan. We're still bullish on that segment. It's just gone. It's gone. And as you said, it's been a little bit quieter here. The higher rate environment has made some of those projects a little more difficult to pencil out. What's interesting is it kind of falls along the lines of a lot of the other, I'll call it, kind of clean energy related efforts, in terms of the impact of high rates, and that's something that's created a situation where the projects haven't gone away. They just haven't gotten a closure. So, I think, what's happening there is those projects are kind of idling in the background waiting for a more constructive rate environment. And then, we would expect that that's a segment that's still going to grow where a liter of natural gas gensets, which are used in those types of applications. I think one extension of that, that is becoming a little clearer, we're finding that the whole beyond standby category, which we had, I think, largely defined as just using a generator for purposes other than just emergency backup, using it to also supplement a grid that's under heavy stress. I think what we're finding is that maybe we have to expand our definition of that to include some of these microgrid projects as well, because in effect, what's happening is many of the microgrid projects have natural gas generators as an important component, but they also contain other pieces. They contain storage. So, the SunGrid acquisition that we announced this quarter, and that we talked a little bit about in the prepared remarks, gets us closer to another critical component of microgrids, which is the behind-the-meter storage element of that. And then, we also called out that we're seeing EV charging be part of these -- some of these projects as well. So, commercial-grade EV charging, so our partnership with Wallbox, I think, helps us be a little bit more of an important supplier to a microgrid project. And we continue to build out our competencies there in not only the assets, but the ecosystem, if you will, as we call it, similar to the residential ecosystem. We think there's an ecosystem developing on the C&I side. And we think that kind of that beyond standby moniker kind of would likely going to grow to include some of the activity we're seeing around these microgrid projects. So, still bullish on it, but I think in a challenging rate environment just I think it's softer than it will be longer term.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, thanks, Donovan. And no, India is a -- it's a growing market for us. We through our Pramac subsidiary in Europe, we acquired an Indian manufacturer a number of years ago and expanded that relationship through our ownership of that in its entirety, built a new factory there for that market. And that our positioning there is different than other Indian genset manufacturers in that, and again, it's a little bit like a page out of the domestic playbook here. We're really focused on natural gas, and most traditional solutions for backup power in the C&I markets globally are diesel solutions. And we do offer a diesel product line, but where we're getting the most traction is actually with our gas products. So, those are products that are actually designed here in the U.S., built in India with our engines and our fuel systems and ignition systems, and then they're deployed in the Indian market. We're bullish on that because the Indian market is converting the natural gas. We see a lot of pipeline projects on the drawing board as part of the burgeoning infrastructure build out in India. I think if you just step back, India is poised very well to be the, I think, the chief beneficiary of some of the geopolitical tensions that have been rising between the U.S. and China. India is in a very good position to see the growth in their economy come at, probably at the detriment to China as a lot of manufacturers shift production away from China and move to places like India and other markets. And India, for all that it is -- there's still a lot of opportunity there. It hasn't grown as fast as China historically. A lot of that is just based on the infrastructure within the country is still not mature, has a ways to go, but there has been progress. I think the political environment in India has been more receptive to business here as of late, the last several years, which is also a positive. And again, I think we're bullish on India longer term. It's not a small business for us and you can just -- we put it altogether. But, it's a growing business, got nice growth rates. And again, we separate ourselves there by focusing on gas where other manufacturers are still focused on diesel.
Aaron Jagdfeld: And then, to clarify like these events the way it works is that while you'll get a surge in demand and then that after go last for a while for number of quarters. Then, it levels off at a new and higher base line and where it was previously. So, that's why these major events and the broad awareness created by them, you tend to increase distribution that props up that are actively in market now ongoing -- on an ongoing basis to continue to satisfy demand. And you hold up that new prop up that's new in our baseline going forward.
York Ragen: Hey, Mike, York here. I'll jump in on the gross margin commentary. Ecobee has -- the team up at ecobee has spent -- there's been a tremendous amount of focus on gross margin improvement really just working on the cost of the bill material of the TSTAT itself, and significant effort in terms of supply chain cost reductions, and whatnot. So, I would say the execution of those initiatives are reading through now. And there's a pretty significant impact in terms of the improvement of the gross margin. They were good before, and now they're even better.
York Ragen: Yes. Yes. On the input cost side, looking like first-half to second-half, Jeff, if there's, let's say, a couple percent improvement from first-half to second-half on gross margins, I'd say -- I'd say the vast majority of that is just going to be with the higher mix of home standby come reading through in the second-half, well over 50% of that gross margin increase will be just that mix improvement, but we are expecting some further price cost improvements for first-half, second-half to continue to read through, but it will be smaller -- it will be a smaller piece of the puzzle.
York Ragen: Yes. Brian, this is York. I think your numbers are close in terms of -- directly close in terms of how you're quantifying the impact that we've included, at least in this -- in the implied guidance. You've got that home standby growth that you just referred to. You get a little bit of a portable improvement. You get a little small offsets with clean energy on some of the comments we made on that outlook. Chore products, some slight declines there that are offsetting, so when you put it all together, we've always said that the impact of a major power outage event would be -- in that year would be roughly somewhere between $50 million to $100 million. Like, we've said that for a number of years. So, I would say what we've included in our guidance, partly because it's early, we've included our guidance maybe towards the lower end of that $50 million to $100 million in terms of our impact from Hurricane Beryl. It's early. Well, the portable -- I think Aaron's comments about how the hurricane sort of took a sharp turn sort of unexpectedly in our -- we weren't able to deploy portables maybe before the storm. So, maybe the portable uptake wasn't as significant maybe in this storm as it would have been in maybe some other hurricanes where you can plan ahead a little bit better. That might be some of the impact that -- on the portable side. But I think on the home standby side, it's early. We've got a lot of IHCs have come in as a result of these. We'll see how the close rates play out on that, and we'll be able to update throughout the next quarter here.
York Ragen: Yes, Jerry. No. I mean, gross margins were up almost 5% year-over-year. We've been seeing that for a number of quarters here as price costs, improvements have been reading through. And then now we're starting to see as home standby field inventory becomes normalized and we're seeing that year-over-year growth in our home standby shipments, we're definitely getting the mixed improvement there. So, in the second quarter, I would say of that roughly 5% improvement in gross margins, I'd say maybe 3% of that 5% was mixed related. The other 2% was price cost. Again, we've been seeing that for a number of quarters. And as I mentioned, I think when Jeff Hammond asked the question, as we jump from first-half to second halves, we do expect sequential improvement. In gross margins, again, some further -- mostly due to the just continued mixed improvements with a higher mix of home standby in the second-half of the year relative to the first-half. But we do expect some price cost improvements. And as a result, you would continue to see year-over-year price cost improvements as a result of all that. So, at least in the second-half of the year, so yes, no, well, again, gross margins are getting healthy as the mix of home standby normalizes and price cost normalizes and improves.
York Ragen: Yes. Thanks, Keith. It usually goes two to four quarters. Of course, the bigger the event, sometimes you will get an echo that's even bigger than that. In fact, I would say Taxes freeze of 2021, that echo has only recently been quieter. And some of that is -- was exacerbated by the pandemic and just the impact that that created for people being concerned about outages. But something even like a Hurricane Sandy back in 2012 definitely went beyond the two to four quarters, remains to be seen whether this event will rise to that. I think we are kind of sizing it on the smaller end of a major event at this point. But again that may change our views and that may change as time grows. But I would say that at a minimum, this will take us through this year and into the first-half of next year.
York Ragen: Especially when you hit the anniversary of the event, right, like that's when media picks up. Hey, remember a year ago at start of hurricane season, remember we had Hurricane Beryl in July kind of early in the season. So, those things get picked up. Again, the media drives a lot of that kind of echo effect.
York Ragen: Exactly. In terms of change from our prior guidance, for the most part, the guidance increase the impact of Beryl particularly in Texas. But maybe some around the edges broader awareness around the nation and -- but, we are not necessarily seeing a softening of the consumer that's offsetting that.
York Ragen: For instance, close rates are hanging in there. Now maybe with the large increase in IHCs from Texas maybe those won't all close at the same rate. So, maybe you will see a temporary moderation in close rates. But for the most part, close rates are hanging in there around the nation.
