Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, Mike, this is Aaron. Yeah, it's a great question and one that obviously not only caught us by surprise, but even our channel partners. I think we hit kind of our peak output levels with home standby. We've been working very hard over the last couple of years to – we've quadrupled the output and we really – we hit our stride as we predicted we would kind of as we exited the second quarter and began the third quarter. And so we’re producing at a really high rate. And we thought that was really important because we wanted to bring our lead times down, because we knew that that was having a negative impact on close rates, it's having a negative impact on our ability to sign new channel partners. So we really – we're working hard to do that and so we kind of open the floodgates on shipping to get all that product out in the market. And what we started to see at the end of the second quarter, and we mentioned it, as you said on the call, was that our installation, our activation rate, which is our proxy for installations, it was up year-over-year, but it wasn't increasing at the same rate commensurate with our output increase. And so we could see field inventory building.  And we had been talking to our channel partners for several quarters about this coming. And we were trying to get them prepared for that, helping them hire people. We had a number of programs actually in place to get ahead of this, but in the end, it's just – that we have 8,500 channel partners, dealers and then obviously, a lot of non-dealer contractors who install these products. And it's a ton of one-off conversations, and we just weren't able to change that inflection point on the installation rate to the degree we thought we could. So the flaw in the model, the simple answer is, the flaw in the model here was that we modeled unconstrained installation bandwidth and that actually was not how it played out. We had never had that happen before, by the way. I've seen probably six of these cycles in the past, and successively as we kind of hit our peak rate with new output levels, we had never seen the installation bandwidth be a barrier. So that was the problem. And it, unfortunately, stacked up really quick when you're shipping at those rates and only installing at kind of marginally higher rates. So the field inventory started to stack up, and they physically started to run out of room, run out of credit.  And so what we saw is we saw cancellations and deferrals on orders from those home standby dealers and other channel partners during the quarter, and that accelerated through the quarter here in Q3. And it became very clear very quickly and again, that's why we did the prerelease because as soon as we put all this together, we can see what happened a couple of weeks ago.  It's like, okay, this is information we want to get to folks so they understand it. And we've redoubled our efforts, tripled our efforts on what we can do to increase installation bandwidth. So anyway, that's kind of answering your first question. That's the issue in a nutshell if you will, for home standby.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, I think probably the best way to maybe get your head around that is we believe that currently today, field inventory levels are about double where they should be. And so that's the bad news, right? That's the additional output that we’ve put into the market ahead of the installation capacity increasing to the right levels. We are modeling that installation capacity is going to increase next year.  The challenge, of course, is that just seasonally, we're coming into – as we turn the page here and get into Q1 and Q2, we normally run into a seasonally low period of installations, because parts of the country like the Midwest and the Northeast where installations are much harder to do because of the cold weather because of winter. So unfortunately, even though we are targeting the installations are going to improve year-over-year, we have this seasonal challenge we've got to deal with. It's just nature. We can't really, that's a hard one to fix. And so it won't increase necessarily as quickly as we needed to in the first half. Now the good news is, when we pull our dealers, half of that field inventory that's out there today is spoken for, meaning it's got a customer contract against it. A customer has got a deposit on it. And again, it's indicative of the installation challenge, because we're now back to what we said in the prepared remarks is mostly normal lead times. We still have backlog.  We have a couple of models - we're still out there, some liquid cool products, things like that. So that's supportive of where we're going here in Q4. But what ends up happening is that we have these mostly normal lead times for us to our channel partner, but if you are a homeowner and you call and you try and get a product, you still are being quoted longer lead times, because of these constraints, whether they’d be people constraints or permitting constraints or component constraints, gas meter upgrades, we've – there are localized issues all over the country where some of our channel partners are bumping up against just delays.  And so they're working through that and as those ease, that will help. But we think that it's likely going to take the first half of next year to get through this and that's going to put pressure on the incoming order rate for home standby through the first half of next year and so that's really the challenge.  We think that, again, in our prepared remarks, we said by the second half of the year, we're back to growing again in the category and really only down modestly for the year in total for the category. So anyway, so that's – it’s I think when you put it all together, we feel pretty good about longer term that the end market is supportive.
Aaron Jagdfeld: And then again, just the first half is going to be down considerably, second half will grow, still down kind of moderately for the category, only modestly for the company overall. That's kind of our overall guide for next year, but just to clarify that.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, I mean, again, that's a big part of the headwind for the first half of next year is the comp, because we're – obviously, we were bringing that backlog down heavily in the first two quarters of this year and so we'll be comping against that without having the benefit of that backlog kind of as we get into next year. So that's a big part of it.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, they are and you saw that read through just the work capital increase in the third quarter, driving free cash flow negative for the quarter. We see that coming back around in Q4. So, we basically slowed the factories down still have some material coming at us, but that's starting to slow as well. We should basically get into a better position in Q4 and then really working hard through the first half of next year to bring down those inventory levels, both raw materials and finished goods as it relates to the home standby category in particular.  It's actually kind of a dichotomy, because in our industrial business, we're constrained still in certain components and our inventory levels are low and we are struggling to kind of feed our factories with materials there on our industrial side and we would be able to, in fact, go even higher, faster with our industrial business if we could get more engines and breakers and other things that are in shorter supply. But on the home standby side, we are definitely seeing a lot of material hitting our distribution centers as we slow production down.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, market is still growing, although there is some mixed comments out there about the market growth. But, yes, the loss of that major customer of ours in the second half of the year here, they really ceased operations in July. So we've got to do the hard work that, honestly, we should have been doing all along of continuing to expand our channel to more channel partners, but that hurts us definitely in the year, Brian. So, unfortunately, that's going to be down this year.  Looking for that to return to growth next year. But as we kind of fill in with new customers and we kind of reset, so 2022 is going to end up being a reset year for us here on energy storage, which is disappointing, but I think – and a rather painful learning lesson for us on just some of the trials and tribulations of that market some of the customers and the dealer partners there, you're having to pick your partners carefully. Again, a lot of learning cycles we are going through there.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah the majority of the market is related to the loss of the customer. It was a really important customer for us and the diversification of our customer base is going to be the primary focus here going forward. And obviously, we've got to restore trust, too, right, in the market to some degree. There is probably a spillover effect there to a bit. But I will say this, and like I said, we've got a lot to learn in this market. That’s a painful learning lesson. But in speaking with a lot of the kind of national companies that are well established, the national solar sales and installation companies, almost every OEM has had challenges over the course of the solar kind of markets’ existence and storage being the new component here. So, again, I am not trying to indicate that people should expect that, but it's a pretty new market. I mean, penetration rates are very low on these products. The environment, being rooftop mounted, electronics is a severe environment. The warranty periods are very long. 25-year warranty periods for the rooftop mounter components, 10 years on the batteries. So you've got a pretty – you’ve got a pretty, there is a pretty high bar there quality-wise and a lot of companies have unfortunately struggled with that. Now, I think, we feel like we, a couple of things. One, we're very committed to this. We think it's the future. We think it's an important part of our strategy going forward. I think it represents some great opportunities for Generac in terms of what can fit with our brand. Our distribution and our expertise in some of these areas. So we're committed to it. We've got a great balance sheet to be able to finance this.  The investment needed, obviously, is going to be greater than we had originally thought. You can't just take a start-up technology and try to scale it. That's clear based on our experiences here. So we are going to have to do a lot more work around that. We are going to have to put more talent in the teams. We've started to do that.  We mentioned that in some of our prepared remarks this morning, and we're going to continue to do that. We think that this is, again, it's an important part of the future. We're committed to it and we are going to be a major player in it longer term. We are going to take our lumps here and the humility that comes with that. But in the end, I believe that we will have a lot of great success in this longer term..
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. Joe, great questions. Just let me touch on the ecobee piece first and then I'll get to the AC coupled solution. So on ecobee, there – it's a great company, really well run. It’s - they've really struggled this year with component availability in the first half of the year. So they've under-delivered a bit to our expectations and their own expectations just around that. But things have really picked up here as they exited the third quarter. They're looking at fourth quarter being their highest quarter ever as a company and looking at big things. I think a lot of that, you can probably tie back to higher energy prices, right?  Homeowners, I think, are looking for solutions to mitigate those higher energy prices, and smart thermostat is kind of a really cost-effective way to go after that. The paybacks are really strong, and you buy one of these products, inside of a year, you can pay that back. And that's even -- not even assuming the opportunity to connect that thermostat to a grid services type program, like a demand response program, which can enhance the payback even more.  So really excited about that business. I think when we announced it, it's something like $125 million. It's grown nicely this year and will continue to grow and we're not going to break down the pieces because we don't want to get into doing that every quarter here going forward. So, but it's a great business, well run and a lot of upside there. And I think one of the bigger opportunities within that is just the team that they have, the expertise they have is going to be central to this single pane of glass initiative that we see as sitting at the heart of the smart home energy system that we've talked about, connecting whether it be generators or PV microinverters or storage devices or smart thermostats or water heater disconnect switches, load management, ultimately EV charging, things like that. We think all of that...
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, they've grown nicely since then. And then on the AC coupled – the AC coupling that is definitely a focal area and one of the things that we've been pushing to get into the market the microinverter or excuse me, the PV, the PWRcell with a firmware update can accept power from third-party ACQUISITION, our third-party inverters now.  So we feel really good about that and that's going to be a focus area for our commercial teams as we go forward. So looking forward to that getting some traction in the marketplace and we think that that we'll see success of that.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Well, production rates won't be because we're bringing those down because of the field inventory issue, and we've got plenty of inventory, as well. So, that – if the question is around production rates, we won't be up in the fourth quarter. We'll be lower. So we expect that and that's built into our guide today. But again, installation capacity, that normally, seasonally does peak in the fourth quarter.  And we continue to see, again, we added 300 new dealers in the quarter alone, which is helpful for that. We are pacing well, again, to add more dealers here in the fourth quarter and we need to be hitting our peak rates for installation by the end of the year, but that's all contemplated in the guidance. I don't know if I'm answering your question, Jerry or not, but.
Aaron Jagdfeld: No, no. So what we've said is that the order rate is going to continue to – we're going to have headwinds there as they work their field inventory down. So they've got – again, field inventory, which is about double where we should be at this time of the year, and "normal" in terms of days of field inventory is about double.  But about half of that – so really the problem, right, the doubling is already sold. So they just have to get it installed. So because of that, we're not – the order rate is going to be artificially depressed until we get through that.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, effectively right, exactly. And could accelerate some of the drawdown of field inventory in the Florida regions, in particular, where Ian impacted. But no, we think that the order rates that we are seeing today that we'll continue to see through the end of this year and in the first half of next year are artificially low as we right-size that field inventory.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Kashy, really, the C&I business has been ripping along here for a number of quarters and really hitting its stride. We are taking share in the market. We're seeing in our industrial distribution channel. Everything was up basically in C&I. So our telecom vertical that is a really important vertical for the company was up.  Our mobile business was up as the national rental accounts continue to refleet and top off their fleets our business internationally, which is mostly C&I, was also up very nicely. Again, just a lot of the same opportunities there. Probably one area that I would call out that was up even more so than in past and I think we categorized that in the prepared remarks as early inning, was this kind of – we refer to it as beyond standby applications.  So, mainly natural gas generators, large C&I natural gas generators that would otherwise have normally been sold into emergency backup-type of applications are being sold into applications where they are still used as emergency backup power, but they can also be called upon to support the grid during times of significant stress. So, heat waves, outages, things like that. So think micro grids or kind of energy-as-a-service types of programs, demand programs where the generator can be switched on remotely by a grid operator or a utility oftentimes connected through our grid services software platform, Concerto and we're seeing that market was up really large in the quarter for us.  Now it's still pretty small in totality, but it's growing very quickly and the quality conversations we are having with people on projects, potential projects in the future, the pipeline here for that business looks really good. So much so that we are oriented around adding capacity in our C&I factories to accommodate that growth.  And so, additional test capacity, additional manufacturing capacity, additional sheet metal fabrication capacity, we're making investments there, so that we can be ready for that business as it grows because we think it's a fundamental part of the mega trend that we've identified of kind of the grid instability issues that are coming from the rapid decarbonization of utility scale sources and the - on the demand side, the electrification of everything, inclusive of transportation. This supply-demand imbalance, many utilities and grid operators have really struggled here and had to scramble over the summer in particular. Now they were able to avoid any major outages, which was pretty remarkable. But in the end, the reserve margins, that's really kind of what it gets down to is the reserve margins is the excess capacity or sources that they have over demand.  And those reserve margins have gotten compressed dramatically in certain markets out West, even here in the Midwest, where the reserve margins are down to kind of critical levels, where if you get a spike in demand or you get some kind of interruption in supply, a major plant goes offline or there's some other disruption, can cause significant challenges. And this is really at the heart of what happened in February of last year in Texas. The cold snap that happened there has exacerbated the supply-demand challenges that were underlying what was going on in the ERCOT region or the ERCOT market.  And so the opportunity to use generators, fossil fuel generators, but natural gas generators, which burn much cleaner, obviously, than diesel generators, has really come into focus as a potential opportunity to use these assets for the purposes of grid support. So that was kind of what happened in C&I in a nutshell. As you mentioned, the other category was also up nicely. That encompasses some of our monitoring businesses, encompasses some other areas of the business that have been growing very nicely, as well. So, between those two segments or not segments, but product classifications, those we saw really nice growth in the third quarter.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, so, the C&I business is a backlog business. I mean, that always has been a backlog business. So we look at that, you've got lead times on products there that, in some cases, go out 26, 36 weeks depending on the size of the product. It's custom built and it always has been this way. This is not the new kernel in the story over the last two years is the fact that home standby, which has never been a backlog business became a backlog business.  But the C&I business has always been backlog, provides great visibility for us. So we feel very good about that. You are also seeing kind of some of the public statements, like if you look at the national rental account customers that we sell to, they are indicating that they believe their CapEx budgets and CapEx spends are going to continue to grow into 2023 as, again, some of these mega trends around the infrastructure investments that need to be made around the country.  We had the investment, the Infrastructure Act that did get passed earlier this year. There's a lot of spending that's going to come through for that, for roads and bridges and airports and ports and all those types of massive infrastructure areas, our rental customers are going to serve that. The telecom business continues to – our telecom customers continue to tell us that their midstream and the build-out of their – not only hardening their existing networks, but the build-out of their fifth-generation or 5G networks. So that feels really good.  And then, again, the quality of the pipeline, as I said, around some of these newer things like the beyond standby opportunities, the microgrid opportunities in C&I. We think that there is – those have a lot of legs yet going into 2023.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. We have an upgrade path on that component. It's a rooftop mounted shutoff device and that device is the previous generation of that device, it has a higher failure rate than what we'd like to see. So we're proactively replacing those devices for customers. So they don't see an interruption of the production of their systems. So, but everything is – we've got path forward and have had a path forward here for some time.  We just have to get the upgrades complete. And so to speed that up, we brought in a bunch of third-party, service companies that are going to help us do that. We were relying on some of our channel partners, but with the loss of that largest channel partner became obvious that we needed to enlist the help of others, and that's why the third-party folks are going to be in there. And that upgrade, the total effort there is what's reflected in that additional warranty reserve charge that we took here in the quarter.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Not dramatically, so, Donovan. I mean, it's pretty much fits the historical in terms of just the channel, the mix, if you will, the channel mix within home standby hasn't changed dramatically. I mean, we do have some of this "stocking channels" right? Like if you look at a retailer or you look at a wholesaler for us, those are traditionally stocking channels where a non-dealer contractor comes in or a homeowner comes in and buys one of the products stock.  Whereas our dealers, they generally only buy from us when they have a contract signed by a homeowner because they – and that's nothing has changed with that. That's kind of the way the business has pace. So I think to answer your question, there is nothing dramatically different about the mix channel-to-channel going on there.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, yes. It's a good question. I mean, Europe has and has always been a mostly diesel C&I generator market. So that's just to level set. We have seen growth in natural gas gen sets in not only the European market, but also India, here recently coming off a base of almost nothing. There is – there is nothing there.  And I think on the margins, maybe on the edges, I should say not to confused with gross margins or anything like that, on the edges of the discussion, yes, there are some pipeline - people want to limit gas connections. Natural gas isn't going away. That is about the most foolish thing for people to think is the right answer for anything here. Natural gas is needed for heating, for cooking. It's plentifully available, it burns cleanly. We would do well as a society to continue to focus on further improvements in cleaning up the emissions that come from natural gas, whether it be the extraction emissions or it's the consumption emissions.  But because I think it's a fuel that can really help us shift as a populous here, as a global populous, further away from more carbon-intense forms of energy generation like coal and other fuels. So again, it's not – it might be on the edges, you are going to see some natural gas limitation just like we are seeing here in the U.S. in places like California, Berkeley, other places like that where they've taken the – they've taken it on themselves to close off new natural gas connections. The reality of it is you can get a propane tank anyway.  So I mean, it's kind of a fruitless effort the generators are off of propane as well. So you don't actually need pipeline. It's helpful, but you don't need pipeline gas. So, again, I think there is – our view is there is going to be plenty of growth in the C&I generator world, even the home standby generator world outside of North America and natural gas gens are going to be part of that natural gas and propane gens.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Well, pen rate this year, we're around 6% is where we anticipate ending. So, it doesn't – it didn't change that dramatically and we are going to have to update our guidance on the long-range guidance. Again, I would point out, we did say at our Investor Day, that growth was not going to happen in a straight line. I know we have people who haven't been around the company that long and are learning kind of how the cycles work here.  But we have, in particular with home standby, we have the dramatic increase cycles where you have these step functions up, then growth kind of levels off, comes off of the peak actually, comes down off of a peak and normalizes to a baseline level, a new baseline level that's materially higher than the previous baseline level. And then, you kind of – as you increase awareness and distribution then you are ready for the next step up in growth. So it's more of a step function grower. We'll have to review the long-term targets. We are not prepared to update them this morning. But we are going to have – we'll have another Investor Day next year for sure, if not before then in terms of updating the long-range guidance.
York Ragen: And then Aaron's point about the home standby category being down moderately in the second half, that's because you are trying to comp like some of that backlog headwind that we're bringing down here in the back...
York Ragen: Yes, yes. We're just talking standby. But that – we've got an headwind on the backlog that's driving that.
York Ragen: Yes, this is York. So yes, so total company, to clarify, we said weakness in the first half, total company, mainly driven by the home standby discussion we just had a little bit of, maybe a little bit of clean energy as we build growth there.  But second half, I think important to note, total company returned to solid growth for total company in the second half. You put that all together then for full year, that would only be a modest decline for full year 2023. That's total company.  So then home standby specifically, again, weakness first half, sequential growth from first half to second half and then a much more modest decline in sales growth over the prior year in the second half of the year. So maybe down a little bit, but it's much more modest decline relative to the first half for home standby.
York Ragen: Yes. No, I think Aaron mentioned a return to seasonality for the home standby business, meaning Q1 is usually the lowest point in the curve once you catch backlog, then you return to normal seasonality, Q1 is the lowest point. So, you would expect, just from a mix standpoint, that sequentially from Q4 2022 to Q1 2023, that gross margin should decline because – mainly because of that mix element.  But, I mean, recall we were facing some pretty heavy inflationary pressures in Q1 of 2022. So I would expect just from a price cost standpoint, we are going to see some nice price cost benefit there. But yes, we are still putting our models together on how that's going to look, but I would expect just sequentially that given the mix - the mix changes going into the first half of next year, you'd see maybe a slight decline in gross margins relative to the runrate.
York Ragen: This is York. OpEx, I think, I alluded to it. OpEx may tweak up a little bit here in the fourth quarter as a percentage of sales relative to Q3. Just there is actually just some seasonality on some spend in Q4, some accrual reversals in Q3 that won't repeat. So, just a modest increase in OpEx sequentially, both dollars and as a percentage of sales, what we're modeling in our guidance.
York Ragen: No. I mean, we're still – we're just – we gave the framework for the top-line. We're still working on the framework for gross margins and OpEx. So I think we are going to hold off on discussions on the margin side for next year until next quarter.
York Ragen: Yes. No, I think we alluded to it before that I mean, there is some backlog that were satisfying here in the second half of 2022 that won't repeat. So there is a little bit of a, I guess, year-over-year headwind when you're looking at 2023 versus 2022.
York Ragen: Yes, things happen. Mother Nature happens. So that would definitely be a scenario where things could grow. But that's an inherent – the backlog situation here, resolving that backlog here in the second half of 2022 is an inherent headwind for the second half of 2023.  But I think sequentially, as we get through these field inventory challenges here in the first half, you definitely would see growth sequentially from first half to second half, at least in terms of how we're seeing it in our framework here for 2023.
York Ragen: No, we didn't necessarily frame that out. I think what we're looking at is more – when you look at the total company returning to solid growth in the second half resulting in only a modest decline for the total company for the full year. So, you can sort of get the magnitude of – what that means for the first half on a total basis.  You know that as based on our comments that C&I is going to continue to be strong in the first half. So you'll see growth there. We'll be sequentially improving our clean energy business throughout the year in 2023. And so that basically leaves you sort of – gives you some framework for how to put all the pieces together.
