York Ragen: We didn't hear the intro, so hopefully you can all hear us this morning. Good morning, and welcome to our third quarter 2014 earnings call. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and CEO. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today’s call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I’ll now turn the call over to Aaron.
York Ragen: Yeah, this is York, yeah I mean that one, or about half of that increase in fact is acquisition related with the Powermate acquisition that came some portal inventory with that acquisition. I think I highlighted at least primary working capitalized was $18 million that came with that acquisition and a chunk of that was inventory. And then the other half is effectively us bringing in portable generators for the Generac portable season. Unfortunately, we didn’t have a season as we highlighted there weren’t you know outages have remained below average so that’s…
York Ragen: For the right transaction Ross, it's a quarter point right on the rate and it's already a very low cost structure in terms of the liability structure. So from an acquisition standpoint, we won’t let that kind of impinge our ability to do deals. For the right deal, we've said this before, our ability to service our debt it’s a very low in terms of total cash flow profile as a company. Even at three times frankly its -- if we were to go above that and the debt were to creep up and the cost of debt were to creep up a bit as a result of that, but I think in the absence of any acquisitions, obviously we would like to keep that multiple below three times just from a standpoint of not paying the extra interest. One of the reasons we took a proactive approach here at the end of the third quarter to pay down some debt simply because we want to take advantage of the lower -- why not get the interest savings in the fourth quarter so we made that decision.
York Ragen: I think our uses of cash priorities can remain intact. We are going to generate a lot of cash over time as well. As we talk about our strong free cash flow and our strong free cash yield we'll be able to generate a lot of cash as well. So I think prior uses of cash still remain intact in the order that we've always talked about in terms of organic growth and maintaining two to three times leverage and then M&A and then after all that then the Board would evaluate return of capital to shareholders.Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America: Is it only a quarter, sorry to interrupt, is it only a quarter point on the rate up until say 3.25 times or what's the…
York Ragen: I’ll just add, you had mentioned year-over-year discussion and last year was still benefiting from the afterglow from Superstorm Sandy, there is, it was an event that had a long tail and even when you look at the one-year anniversary of that event that tail even did extend into Q4. So we've got that deal with as well.
York Ragen: Resi and all, that's how we don’t break it how, but resi and all would be -- that would be the case based on the implied guidance.
York Ragen: Part of your answer is looking on the 2015 and I guess we'll round those numbers up as we speak, so I would be speaking prematurely to talk about '15, but I think we have talked about over time as we've grown. We do invest in the SG&A infrastructure of our business to support not only the baseline, the new and higher baseline, but also to drive the future growth of the business. So you tend not to -- you have step functions of that SG&A as a whole, I guess…
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, you know the dealer, so dealer channel historically does not -- it's not a stocking channel for us. We do have obviously if you take you got 5,000 dealers. So even if every two dealer took a unit or two, there would be a fair amount of product out there. And there is product in the field, but actually we look at that, we're able to tell very clearly exactly what’s in the field, because we know what we ship and we know when it gets activated. So frankly by every channel we know specifically what's in each channel and we know actually to skew level we know that. And we've seen some very nice improvement in home standby inventories over the last 120 days. Again the seasonal cadence there distribution and when they do take inventory, they take it ahead a season, which they did in the second quarter. We noted that and we've seen that come down even in spite of not having the major outages. So actually we think that we're in really good shape in terms of when we look at like kind of days on hand if you will as a turn, that statistic is coming down very nicely over the last 120 days.Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America: Okay, thanks Aaron and then just I had a question on the balance sheet, you leverage I think now as a 2.7 times and if you move forward a quarter and take sort of your implied guidance for Q4, you're going to be right near three times and I believe you want to keep your leverage three times based on your credit agreement terms or you incur an increase in your cost of debt as I think you’ve made reference to that in prior call. So based on that, can we pretty much assume you won't be making any sizable acquisitions or returning any cash to shareholders in near future? Why you are hovering around that three times range or would you potential tolerate a modest bump in your cost to debt for the right transaction.
Aaron Jagdfeld: The reality is we have that excess cash flow payment we were going to have to make anyway in 2015. So we just decided to take advantage of interest savings ahead of time.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Only a quarter point that’s it regardless of anything above three.Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America: Okay. Got it. Thanks guys.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes Charley from a promotional standpoint, obviously again the cycle in this business and again I am talking residential here, when you get into periods where this business is -- outages do matter in this business for generator company. So we tend to when you don’t see outage activity to the baseline level, we will tend to promote more obviously to try and stimulant end demand beyond that which the end markets not naturally doing through that baseline average. So in terms of -- I can't attribute to total dollars that we would are related to the promotional activity in the third quarter. We had promotional activity in the second quarter as well, which we called out. So my belief again peeling it back, we're not giving you the details, but it grew sequentially in both and so the second part of your question the activation rates we've said that there was inventory in the channel in the second quarter’s result of the preparation of the season and over the last 120 days, we've seen those turns improve in distribution. So there is a work down of some of that going on as activations have picked up. So you got a little bit of that that’s happening. There is also a lag -- the activations are after the sales happened. There is a period of time between when an in-home consultation is done to when the home owner decides to actually go forward with the purchase to when all the permits are issued on the job and the dealer orders from us and then to when the dealer actually puts the machine on the ground and activates it. So it is a bit of lagging indicator. So we would throw that out there to make sure that everybody is aware of that fact, but I would tell you that from just peer end and demand and what we see, we think that a lot of that's from our efforts on the proactive side and clearly it has to be because the outage environment has been very weak, more weak than we've seen it in a long time. We've seen cycles I've been with the company 20 years and we see cycles over that 20-year period. It's just -- that's how outages run. You run through periods of elevated outages and periods where you're below and that's just part of the business model. But I think the fact of the matter is that our proactive efforts today when I wind the clock back over my history with the company, we're doing so more today to stimulate end demand and defined the more likely buyers of these systems than we've ever done and we're using data to do that, which I think is really a critical advantage that we have is our market share improved during the quarter. We believe we were up to 75% share in the market today and we think that that improvement is coming purely from the standpoint that we've got more data at our fingertips to find the more likely buyers of these systems in spite of not really having the outages. So the advantage that we get in kind of down periods like this I think is exacerbated by the fact that we're using a lot more tools to our advantage much more so than anybody else in this industry could do at this point.
Aaron Jagdfeld: So we had a small localized outage and that was the second or third outage it had in a period of time. So attribution back to a particular event is almost impossible to do.
Aaron Jagdfeld: We're not going to get all it back in the fourth quarter. There is a lot of it that's coming back. That was a big project to move everything and consolidate our footprint there and it's going to give us a great platform to work off of going forward, but it did come with some deferral of shipments here that -- and we're going to get a lot of that in the fourth quarter. And as we said in our prepared remarks, we had a modest impact on Q3 in terms of C&I but we'll get the lion's share of that back in the fourth quarter, but not 100% of it.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes. So in terms of lead times Jerry, lead times are well within the zero to two weeks that we would normally see. Kind of off season if you will given the low environment that we have, although again with activations being elevated demand has been as we called out, sequentially more robust from Q2 to Q3. Dealer counts that’s been a challenging area for us. When you get periods in the cycle here like we're experiencing with lower outages we are having some difficulty signing up new dealers on a gross dealers count. There is some difficulty there, but that’s not really where the difficulty lies. The difficulty lies in what we refer to as dark doors, which is the dealers who don’t purchase in a 12-month period, where actually we take a pretty conservative view there. I don’t know how other companies do it, but we say that if a dealer hasn’t bought from us in 12 months, he goes dark and we take him out of the dealer count. Now in lot of cases those dealers don’t go away, they have just have bought in 12 months. So there is still officially quote unquote “dealers” for us but we just don’t include them in the count for the purposes of this call or for the way that we talk about distribution. If you get an event in an area and a dealer hadn’t bought in 15 months, we could see a reactivation of a dealer down the line. That count is down slightly here in the third quarter from the second quarter. Down around that kind of 5100 number from the 5200 that we were at the end of second quarter. That’s going to be a challenge for us for the balance of the year. I think we can end the year somewhere in that 5100 to 5200 number kind of hold that number through the rest of the year and we feel pretty good about that. As far as directionally into the fourth quarter, again I think we've called the fourth quarter contains a pretty difficult comp because as York mentioned a couple of times that the anniversary of Sandy, whenever you get the anniversary of a major event, that anniversary period as it relates to last year having happened in October of last year, creates additional awareness, creates additional generally a small surge in demand that happened. Sandy was a big event and had a fairly big anniversary event as a result in Q4 of last year. So we've got that comp that we were coming up again and so we called out that sequentially we're going to see some challenges there relative to that comp.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, we’ll save our comments for next year on the next call because we're working through that and obviously trying to get some better visibility from those customers today on their plans for 2015, which they’ve not even necessarily declared to us at this point. So as the year rounds out, hopefully we'll get some better visibility. We call this out from time again Jerry that visibility in the telecom market for us even quarter-to-quarter year-to-year is difficult. Longer term we've serving this market for the better part of two decades. It's grown dramatically over that two decade period. The penetration rate being only 30% to 35% of total sell site out there and we estimate there is roughly 300,000 sites that are out there. So call it a couple 100,000 sites yet that don’t have back up power on them. We see tremendous runway either whether through regulatory pressure or just frankly the protection of the revenue streams that these customers have that valuable data revenue stream that goes through sites and the critical communication is going through these sites and we're the number one provider in this market. It's been a great market for us. We love those customers. We just unfortunately don’t get a lot of visibility in terms of just quarter to quarter. So our guidance in Q4 contemplates that will stay in a reduced capital spending environment here with those customers for the balance of year. Unfortunately that can turn on a dime. We've gotten calls where customers want to burn budgets before the end of the year and when I say customers, I am using a plurality there. It's really a single customer this year that's backed off their capital plans pretty aggressively and just working through their cycle and we expect longer term -- we expect that that will return to growth its just a question of when.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yeah, I mean, obviously we're working on next year's plan at this point and you know we'll be able to speak more discretely to that when we get into 2015. But I think just not in the initiatives, that kind of underpin that and certainly underpin what we're seeing this year, and my comments but also would underpin next year. I mean we've got some, you know, I talk, we talk about this data that we've got, I mean we've been collecting activation data now for four years. And the amount of data that we have is, I mean frankly it's staggering even by our standards. Well we've amassed in four years time in the outage data we've been tracking over that same four-year period and it's very detailed date. It's down to the household level, down to the DMA, we're down to zip codes and down to just some of the mining of that data, I think we've only been kind of superficial in our mining of that to date. We've got some pretty aggressive projects on the docket for next year to involve a lot more we will list some help frankly in analyzing that data at the level of depth that we haven’t to date to try and drive even further you know trying to find those proactive buyers and trying to get the right messages to the right people at the right time. I mean there’s some pretty amazing things that we think we can do with the data that we haven’t done yet. And so I’m excited just from that standpoint because I think it unlocks some potential there that’s not there, you know so that can be as pretty exciting. I think another area that we’ve been focused on is in the installation side of the equation with staying on the residential side again as you want to do. That installation component continuing the work to bring that installation cost down. We work very, very hard here to be very, I’ll call value based when it comes to the product in terms of whether it be home standby or portable for that matter. But in speaking about home standby, you know the installation is still a large overall part of the total cost of ownership. And so from our standpoint there are both technical solutions available to us and we’ve been working on for a number of years to try and reduce the cost in installation, but also market forces. You know we have five thousand dealers out there and we have been collecting speaking of data and enormous amount of data from power play. Remember power play gives us visibility to the entire proposal that a dealer is putting out there for the consumer. So I now not only have the generator component of that, but I have the installation component of that, and then some cases that are very detailed level. So it’s given us some great data and insight into just where is the installation cost coming from and how does it vary region to region and dealer to dealer. And we see some really good opportunities for best practices to be shared amongst dealers in terms of reducing install costs and being more efficient during the installation itself. And there’s I think some market forces that that I think we can use to our advantage to try and drive a lower install cost for homeowners going forward. So, those two things in particular Mike, you know again we’re excited about the opportunity in these things and we haven’t really, we've been focused on more on the fringe, but not maybe in the bulls eye here and that’s really where we’re going to focus on going forward.Michael Halloran – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Thanks for the time.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, Jeff, I'll start with -- that is an example of it and really was a portable generator and manufacturer and we see this cycle repeat. Unfortunately, that's a company I went through two of these before because it's focused only on portable gens. When you get into extended periods of low outages, part of the gen company just can't. They have a really difficult surviving if that's their business model. And so we basically that was really about buying the brands and some inventory working capital and it's small on a run rate basis because of just -- because of that current backdrop in the environment. I can't expand very quickly though as we've noted that when you get outages, that's the end of the market that expands pretty quickly. The MAC side, just from a competitive standpoint, we're not going to give you kind of the discrete revenue numbers. We disclosed that it's about 100 employees, it's really a niche focused company on really exposed very heavily to oil and gas and something that we think is the opportunity to put that into our kind of general rental customers on a more aggressive basis through the Magnum sales force or mobile product sales force. We really like the upside opportunity to do that in terms of revenue synergies, but that's something we're not giving to give the discreet numbers on that.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes exactly and the margins are greater in that business as well.Jeffrey D. Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just real quickly back to telecom, I know you don't always give great visibility, but just qualitatively as you talk to those major customers, does this kind of dip tied to some other spending or are they giving you kind of any color on how they're thinking about the product category and the spend category kind of long term and what their penetration rates are etcetera.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I wish I could tell you that we sit down and have deep meaningful conversations about that with them, but unfortunately I think that they approach it kind of from a project basis year-to-year and they make decisions puts and takes in their CapEx spending on when to kind of put this project ahead of others and when to put to this project behind others. And the dialogue right now has been strictly around -- and we're really talking again kind of about one customer here that had a project ongoing to 1harden their network more aggressively. They backed off of that project, whether it's tied to their decision and the announcement to make a big acquisition which -- they made an announcement as such earlier this year. We don't know. They don't give us that kind of detail, but again it's our belief and we've seen this movie kind -- I've watched this movie before and been through this cycle before and they back off, but then ultimately they come back to it because they understand the importance of hardening the network. And again I would -- may be I feel differently about this opportunity long term if we were at 75% or 80% penetration of cell sites, but being at 30% to 35% penetration and knowing that just kind of everything that's going through wireless today from data to critical communications, I mean that's only -- that's only advancing further. It's not relaxing. And so as the leader in that industry, we think that there is great opportunity long term, great runway in that. It's just unfortunate the visibility we get is low and it can be a bit from quarter to quarter and year to year it can be a bit, we hate this word, volatile, but in that particular segment, there can be some puts and takes that unfortunately we just don't get the kind of visibility we would like. It's a challenge to run a business that way. I would tell you that much. And I think one of the reasons these guys really like is, is we are incredibly flexible and we serve -- our served model for them is one of flexibility. Some of the inventory we've got that was asked about earlier. There is some inventory in telecom because we don't know when they turn it back on and want to go after a project or spend some budget. And so we keep ourselves kind of in the game that way and make sure that we're being responsive to their plans and their project plans.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Percentage wise, Brian, if we broke it out; we would be given the revs. I think we said [indiscernible] revs before. I don't have the number in front of me. So I don't mean recording of the percentage is something I guess mathematically could be done, but we haven’t -- we haven’t done it that way, you can probably do the math though. But that business, that's a great business. 60-year history it's just, it's had a really difficult end market. They depend on big projects. There is a baseline business within that business of everyday kind of gen sets and then there is kind of the bigger projects and the bigger projects are an important element of that business. And unfortunately the bigger projects with the tepid kind of economic environment down in Latin America both in Mexico, but also in some other countries that frankly were important kind of element of what was going on in [indiscernible] Venezuela is one call out. That's an important market that has a lot of need for backup power on a big project basis without their dependence on hydro and the way that that can wax and wane from year-to-year. But with the dislocation going on economically in Venezuela and in other parts of Latin America, those big projects have really cooled off and that unfortunately hurt the business. I would say the other side of the equation with auto has been the transition away from one of the major engine suppliers there and to a new supply chain has been a bit more difficult than they probably estimate and probably then we estimated. We're through it now and I think we feel like we're at a point where it's good things ahead. We're seeing improvement second half over first half in our auto business in 2014 here. So we think that that's something that -- and as those big projects return as the economy improves with some of the things that we're hearing in Mexico and in other parts of Latin America, we're I guess -- we remain I guess, we're taking a little bit of a wait and see approach, but at the same time, we like the fact that it gives us a great base to operate from in Latin America and we're continuing to invest there, because we believe that that's going to be a great market over the next decade. It's just -- it's going to -- it's taking a little bit longer time to get around that process then maybe we thought.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Yes, so in the quarter, I think we said last time 65% below when we were talking about Q2 and the baseline we we're referencing was through the end of 2010, excuse me, 2010 to 2012 without major outages. So the baseline from 2010 to 2012 without major outages, that was the baseline. Q2 outage level was 65% below that level. When you compare -- if you look at Q3 and you use that same 2010 to 2012, it's about mid 50%, 56% something like that below. That Q3 was about 56% below that. We think that kind of taking a conservative view on that, you’ve to kind of build the baseline. You’ve to add in the other quarters that have happened since 2012 without major outages, which are basically all of 2013 and what's going on here in 2014 and we would be -- so if you kind of recalibrate that baseline to include the more recent activity, the third quarters outage activity will be about 40% below that recalibrate baseline. So the baseline continues to grow every quarter you add to it and as we do that going forward, we'll try and get that information out there, but we would be about 40% below that in the third quarter. So it was well below. I mean it was really hard to see. If you will look at the month progression, I mean September was just like awfully below. It was terrible.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think I would this Stanley, again and I hate to keep coming back to history as a guide post because I know it's no guarantee of the future, but having been around the business as long as we have and our experience levels, one thing that and I think it's a classic mistake of others perhaps either in this industry and other industries when they experience kind of end market kind of cycles that are may be below like long term averages like we're experiencing with outages and our example. Continuing to invest in infrastructure is a really critical part about being able to take advantage fully of the next up-cycle. If you don't do that, you will find yourself unable to really capitalize on the next leg up in growth. We've said this before and unfortunately as a public company -- we've only been a public company for four years, so the public markets maybe haven’t seen the step function that occurs in this business from time to time, but as we look at it and look at it over history, those step functions do occur and those legs up can be aggressive and the flat part of the step or the trade part of the step if you will, that is the part that we feel that at least here in the back half of this year, we're certainly in. And we got -- I think you're seeing in the SG&A that level of spending that we're at today reflects our belief that the infrastructure investments are necessary to make sure that we fully capitalize on the next leg up. As you -- we'll give better guidance on that as we go into '15 in terms of where our thoughts and views are on that as we go forward, but at least as it relates to the back half of this year, I think what you're seeing reflected in the face of the P&L and in our guidance for Q4, definitely speaks for the fact that we're going to continue to invest in whether it be sales training or whether it's R&D for products or the infrastructure of the company, that's where -- we think that that's really important to continue to do.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Great. We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and we look forward to our fourth quarter and full year 2014 earnings release, which we anticipate we will be talking to you in mid February of next year. So with that, well thank you and have a good morning.
