York A. Ragen: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. I’d like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. With me today is Aaron Jagdfeld, our President and Chief Executive Officer. We will begin our call today by commenting on forward-looking statements. Certain statements made during this presentation as well as other information provided from time-to-time by Generac or its employees may contain forward-looking statements and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements. Please see our earnings release or our SEC filings for a list of words or expressions that identify such statements and the associated risk factors. In addition, we will make reference to certain non-GAAP measures during today’s call. Additional information regarding these measures, including reconciliation to comparable U.S. GAAP measures, is available in our earnings release and SEC filings. I’ll now turn the call over to Aaron.
York A. Ragen: Yes, I am not going to quantify it directly though, but I will talk about that business, because I think it’s an important discussion point. Ottomotores was a – we talked about Ottomotores a lot, as a company and we talked about it to our investors – great business. It’s a great business down in Mexico City, they are located down there. A couple of plants in Mexico City, and distribution kind of throughout Mexico. They sell a lot of the product on a direct basis, within the Mexican City area. Obviously, Mexico City is almost a little bit of a different entity unto itself from Mexico. In terms of its dependence on what kind of goes on in the government there in Mexico that kind of – has in terms of ebbs and flows of spending, in particular CapEx spending as it relates to infrastructure. There was a – it’s been a fairly notable pull back with the change in administration there that happened a year ago. I think, due to a couple of things, one I think everybody was kind of expecting CapEx spending probably to pick up not pull back. But what happened is the administration is – I think doing the right things for the long-term. But unfortunately it’s impacting things negatively in a short-term. For the longer term, they are trying to open up the energy markets there to private investment. And in doing so, obviously that’s been bit of a slog for them, politically. But they have gotten to a point now, where there is a kind of a quasi public/private approach to that. And I think that is going to be good long-term for the energy sector in Mexico, good for the economy in Mexico. Good for people who are investing in Mexico like Generac. And we kind of view this as kind of an investment in our future in Latin America, because this thing can open up a lot of opportunity. But in the meantime it took a while to write all the rules, and to get things through the political environment there. And so those rules have only recently come out around the – that kind of quasi public/private investment structure. So, we think that going forward here in Mexico the economic environment, it’s our belief will improve off of what has been a fairly dismal performance. I think all the economic forecast for Mexico have started out – beginning of the year, last two years, have started up very robust and have moved down. I believe it was just north of 1% GDP, last year for Mexico. So, that business just to frame the backdrop for you, Matt has been challenging just from a macro-environment standpoint. And then obviously the rest of Latin America has been somewhat challenged. We had a fair amount of exposure through Ottomotores to the Venezuelan market, and obviously Venezuela has been very challenging with the change in guard there. And so there’s some things there in terms of big projects that go on in Venezuela that haven’t happened over the course of the last year and a half. We do have a business in Brazil that came with the Ottomotores acquisition in Curitiba. That business has done quite well. Now it’s off of a fairly small base. It’s kind of a greenfield startup about four years ago, but it’s performed well in spite of Brazilian economy that hasn’t. So, we like what we see down there. It’s a great springboard for us as kind of the first acquisition outside the U.S. to get our feet wet with. Now, the other thing I’ll give you as a backdrop. This is a business that we bought, was owned by basically an industrial holding company and it was somewhat ignored, unfortunately underinvested in. So we had some investment catch up. We’ve been doing that. The integration efforts have been ongoing over the last year, year and a half. We’re pleased with the results. On the integration side, we just like to see the market pick up so that we can realize some additional commercial success there. But by and large this is going to be a home run for us in the long run and we’re still very excited and very bullish on it.
York A. Ragen: Now, there is not a lot of seasonality with the telecom business, it’s – CapEx spending kind of comes and goes, the ebbs and flows of that are – there is first string somewhere at corporate office and that’s unfortunately as I said before, our visibility is very limited but we do see it shaping up more as a back half of the second half than more of a fourth quarter event than a third quarter event.James Sturgill – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks, I’ll get back in queue.
York A. Ragen: Yes, Patrick, we don’t breakdown the categories of product, I mean that’s a – just from a competitive standpoint, again the preponderance of the increase that we saw in Q2 was mainly driven by the overwhelmingly driven by home standby.
York A. Ragen: Mike this is York. No we pretty hold firm on our prior use of cash capital that we’ve been talking about ever since we went public like everybody you want to grow organically, we’ve talked about paying down debt but we are at our leverages today at 2.6 times we are in our target range so, you pretty quickly go to M&A as our third priority, and we talked at length as well on these calls about our M&A pipeline and we are fostering asset pipeline, we’ve talked about our relationships and I think we have demonstrated we can when something becomes actionable, we can move on the M&A side. So those are the top three priorities and then once we get through that at that point the board would evaluate the return of capital to shareholders, at that point but there is other some priorities above it.
York A. Ragen: Yes, John I mean again we track outages internally, we look at so instead of just raw outages and this is the problem with some of the public data that is available. Most of the public data is really kind of password relative (ph) just kind of available reporting from utility companies around the U.S. and we’ve actually developed some pretty cool proprietary index and we track internally here, that measure kind of combined not only the frequency of outages, but also the severity or the duration of those outages.  And so to answer your question, I mean, I can’t tell you with a high degree of specificity on this call, what that means in terms of whether that’s one big outage for seven days. It also regionally is important right, so you get these kind of echo effects that happen, if I – if we had an outage even a small one in maybe the northeast because that market has gone through a number of outages over the last couple of years, the impact of that small outage in that market could have a greater impact than it would be may in the midwest or maybe in the southwest. So, I mean it’s an (indiscernible) science although we are trying to put more science to it, it’s still there is not a great answer to the question. Reversion the mean comment and that concept is that on the long-term average in terms of what the number of people impacted by outages we were down against that long-term average in the first half of this year. And have been down against their long-term average for the last six quarters, as we mentioned. And so, the reversion of the mean here for the full year 2014, would mean some kind of increased outage activity in the back half of the year. So, again I can’t put my finger on exactly whether that’s four small outages or one big one or where it is. But that is kind of how I have to answer the question.
York A. Ragen: Yes, I don’t have that number directly in front of me. I mean that increased spending level though has been pretty much baked in our rate here. If you look at, in particular in Q2, I think Q2 is probably pretty solid indicator there, although you could see as it relates to from an informercial spend standpoint, we are kind of evaluating right now, how far do we want to go with that. Some of that depends on this reversion of the mean right I mean you don’t want to go overboard advertising. If you don’t have a lot of eyeballs that you’re hitting that haven’t experience some kind of an outage event. I mean that does not as effective advertising for us in this business. So we can be very pinpoint and very accurate, where we advertise but at the end of the day you do want to advertise in markets, where there has been outage activity. So, I do think that what we are seeing there – I think the run rate is from Q2 is probably a pretty good approximate. 
York A. Ragen: At this point last year which was the key to the comment, but you’re right, it includes training, it includes a lot of the advertising informercial spend. Continues to spending on the PowerPlay platform that is – it’s not cheap platform. I mean you put those applications together and all he back end. The iPad app is one thing, but all of the subsystems that go around it takes the lead, schedule the leads to improve that process and the metricking that comes out of that process, the amount of data that we are getting out of that process is phenomenal. And shifting through that to help us kind of direct what we need to focus on next is what we’re spending a lot of time and money on doing.
York A. Ragen: Good morning, Tim.Tim Mulrooney – William Blair & Co.:  Just a couple of clarification questions on the call here. First of all, can you guys tell us, may be you did, can you tell us exactly how much recent acquisitions contributed to C&I in the quarter.
York A. Ragen: Thanks, Tim. So we don’t break specific protocols in detail, but I can tell you that in terms of trying to frame the discussion or how big it could be, that’s exactly what we’re kind of in the middle of right now. It’s just getting our arms around, some pretty detailed research and analysis around go-to-market strategies, resources needed, size of the market obviously being a component of the research. We think there’s a large opportunity there. We haven’t been able to quantify how large. And looking at how the market moves and what’s important to that, we’re starting to understand a bit of where generators and other supporting equipment are important to the customer, how they are used on the site or in the process whether it be upstream or downstream or midstream. So we’re starting to get a much better feel for that. And I think in the quarters to come we’ll be able to comment with a higher degree of confidence in terms of kind of qualifying the market side and the opportunity and for that matter our efforts to go after it. But at this point we’ll still kind of in the early innings of what we believe to be a high growth secular trend here towards opportunities in oil & gas for us.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Good question. Our dealer count was roughly flat with the first quarter. So we think that we’ve kind of hit the bottom of kind of losses on the dealer count side, kind of worked around the corner there, if you will, in terms of what the cycle goes like with dealer adds and losses over the course of post outage of that like we experienced here. So we like the fact that we’ve kind of flattened out a bit there. As far as guidance for the rest of the year, as we’ve said on previous calls, we’re going to be at the low end of that 300 to 400 that we normally add on a net basis. So that’s we’re still folding in there on that guidance. We think that the second half of the year, again, in particular with our comments about reversion to the mean and outage events, obviously, you tend to get more inbound traffic and outbound traffic on dealer acquisition as we refer to it, new dealer adds when you have an environment that has more power outages. So we would anticipate if all of that kind of holds together that we would still achieve the low end of that range at the very least. As far as what we had to do to bring on new dealers, we’ve got a pretty consistent pipeline that we work on that. Now obviously when you don’t have as many outages you backdrop, you work harder to bring those dealers into the fold, but we still have a tremendous amount of interest in the category. It’s not real hard to sell people on the idea of adding this to an electrical contractor, an HVAC contractors business.  It starts out being kind of an ancillary part of their business and for those that really get it over time when you look at kind of – you look at that dealer progression kind of on a vintage analysis basis over time. There is a percentage of those dealers that go on to really shed their contracting businesses and become generator dealers all by themselves and that’s a progression that we continue to look for. We always are out there. Our Honeywell program is all about adding new distribution in the HVAC space. And that’s been a nice place for us to focus on here in not only the back half of last year, but in the front half of this year. We are getting into kind of the cooling season right now. If you lose a little bit of their focus and attention as they focus on air conditioning, but those areas, we believe there’s still a tremendous opportunity with 70,000 electrical contractors in the U.S. and 100,000 HVAC contractors out there. There’s a tremendous pool from which to pull from for new distribution.Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. And then just my last one, just on telecom. Are you actually seeing any – do you have any reasons to be concerned about order delays right now? Are you seeing anything in your business today or you just got highlighting that in the past when there’s been consolidation activity that you can see some shifting around? And I think you were saying that telecom deliveries would be more weighted to Q4 than Q3, but I’m not sure if I heard that correctly.
Aaron Jagdfeld: You did hear that correctly, Ross. So in terms of – telecom business is, as much as I say, we’ve been fortunate enough to improve our visibility as it relates to residential. Our visibility on the telecom side is really challenging for us as a business, and that’s why we call it out as a risk. Basically on every call we say that that business in particular can be somewhat lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. Our expanded comments there this morning are really related to the fact that – we’ve witnessed in the past, when some of the major customers we have there, do acquisitions or announce other major deals, has been announced by one of these customers recently that can create a deferral in CapEx spending. We have not been notified directly of any such deferrals, but at the same time there’s always a caution around these guys in terms of what they can do with that CapEx and take that CapEx budget. Recently one of those customers came out and did reaffirm their CapEx guidance for the balance of the year. For us we’ve kind of read that as somewhat a positive sign. It wasn’t a reduction in the CapEx spend that they were forecasting, but we’ll see how it translates into spent on generators, right. Unfortunately, that level of detail is not given to us and not given to the public market. So there’s a fair amount of uncertainty just in timing. It’s a great market, long-term, 300,000 sale sites. Only about 30% of those sites having backup power today and we think that that is, in terms of a long-term secular, opportunity for us just given the amount of critical voice and data that is going through wireless lines today and the conversion to 4G from 3G. There’s a whole host of reasons why these sites should have a generator, why 100% of the sites have generator on them. Whether ultimately it gets legislative or not, it’s not up to us, but what is up to us is to continue to serve those customers with the right product offering and to be able to react quickly when they do want to change course up or down in terms of their CapEx spending.Ross P. Gilardi – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Got you. Okay, guys. Well, thanks for all the details and best of luck. I’ll jump back in queue
Aaron Jagdfeld: Overall all of our residential products the vast majority is home standby product, that’s the key point.
Aaron Jagdfeld: We’re doing all the heavy lifting. Our competitors are so small in the space that we’re driving that market. It’s our bus and we’re in the front seat there. In terms of where it could go ultimately penetration rate, and we’ve made a lot of discussion around this, we’ve had a lot of discussion, but we kind of look at the first fence post in the penetration curve there Patrick is really when you look at portable generator penetration rates which are kind of in the low teens in terms of household penetration, and that’s all households, remember we subset the number of households that we think is our addressable market at about 50 million households for that 3%. So, about 1.5 million households of the 50 million have a permanently installed backup generator today. That’s something that we think at the very least, we think that the first fence post in the penetration curve is those portable generator owners because this an overwhelmingly step up type of category of product in terms of – when we look at that, particularly the buyers of our automatic systems, over half of those buyers either own or owned a portable generator. So, you look at the product lifecycle of a portable generator. The normal replacement cycle there is between 10 and 12 years. So the category for home standby generators is only about 12 to 14 years old. So, the awareness levels still remain kind of in that 30% to 40% range. So, we have a lot of work to do even though we’ve been doing a lot of the heavy lifting. There’s still a lot of opportunity there and a lot of work to be done just to get the awareness levels up to something more respectable on the 70%, 80% range. So, we think that all the things that we’re doing with our in-home selling solution, which we call PowerPlay, an iPad based solution, the infomercial that we do that we’ve been running, we call it Power You Control, are AMP direct marketing process, where we combine third-party household data with our activation data with power outage data. Those are all very unique things and nobody else in our industry is doing because they don’t have the scale to do it, nor do they have the data or I think or the stomach to probably spend the kind of capital that we are spending on it. So one of the things that we mentioned is the free cash flow that we generate in this company has given us a great opportunity to invest in some pretty meaningful things to try and move the needle on awareness and to move the needle on this category more quickly than it would do on its own in the absence of our efforts.
Aaron Jagdfeld: I think Mike, I have a couple of comments to add, I mean I think we generated a lot of cash. We had almost $200 million of cash on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. And obviously we didn’t announce any M&A deals in the first half, so although we have a robust pipeline, but sometimes M&A is about the timing of things and certainly about being disciplined in terms of the price that you paid for assets and so, if there were to be a situation where M&A activity would not occur, I mean obviously I think we would owe it to ourselves and our shareholders to continue to evaluate the best uses of that cash with respect to creating shareholder value. So, you can anticipate that our board will continue to monitor that very closely, and as we kind of move through the rest of the year here, if we don’t see the right kind of activity from an M&A standpoint that we want to see or we can get a deal done for the price we want to get the deal done for, then we’ll have to do something else with that cash.
Aaron Jagdfeld: In the outlook statement, actually we alluded to gross margins. So, we anticipate gross margins will go up about 150 basis points from first half to second half and that’s a higher resi mix, some price cost improvements. I know you’re going to leverage your SG&A in the second half more so than the first half. So that would play out around that level of increase first half, second half.Tim Mulrooney – William Blair & Co.: Okay, great. And then just lastly, I was wondering if you guys could provide any more color on oil & gas opportunity. I know there have a lot of questions about that so far, but could you maybe just talk about how large this market is for your C&I business today or maybe how big of an opportunity you think this could be within the next several years? Thank you.
Aaron Jagdfeld: Thank you. We want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to our third quarter 2014 earnings release, which we anticipate will be sometime in late October. Thank you again for your time this morning.
