Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, and thanks everybody for joining us today. First, Q3 was another strong quarter with revenue and earnings per share exceeding our guidance driven by continued strong demand, and an improving supply chain environment. Revenue was up 8% in the quarter highlighted by 12% growth in software and services, and 5% growth in products and systems integration.  We also expanded operating margins for the fifth consecutive quarter, which resulted in record Q3 operating earnings in both segments and over $700 million of operating cash flow.  Second, investments in safety and security continue to be a priority for our customers. And we had another record orders quarter in Q3. Year-to-date orders are up 11% driven by strong software and services, record U.S. Federal demand and continued adoption of our APX NEXT device by U.S. state and local customers. Additionally, we ended Q3 with record backlog of $14.3 billion, up 6% versus the prior year. And finally, based on our Q3 results and continued momentum in the business, we are again raising our full year guidance for both sales and EPS for the third time this year.  I'll now turn the call over to Jason. 
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. First, I'm really pleased with our Q3 results, which highlight the durability and criticality of our business and the strength of our portfolio. Revenue was up 8%, and that's inclusive of the revenue deferral related to Airwave that we've talked to you about already. We also achieved record operating earnings in both segments, record Q3 operating cash flow of over $700 million and a Q3 record backlog that is 6% higher than last year, which positions us well as we head into next year.  Second, the resilient nature of our business and strong cash flow allows us to continue to be flexible as we deploy capital to drive shareholder value. The strength of our cash flow comes from strong demand from product refresh, consistent margin expansion and improving cash conversion. Through October, we've repurchased just under $800 million of stock, highlighting our conviction in the long-term value of MSI.  We also ended the quarter with net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.7, which provides us with a healthy balance sheet and additional firepower to continue to invest both organically and consider inorganic investments as well. And finally, as we look to close out another record year, I think we're exceptionally well positioned for continued growth. Demand for our solutions remains robust. We're continuing to add value to our customers. Our end markets remain resilient, and our teams continue to execute at a high level.  I'll now turn the call over to Tim and welcome your questions accordingly.
Greg Brown: Just on Rave and then maybe Mahesh can jump in. I would tell you, Tim, I love the acquisition. I think it was well done by the internal team here that founded, did the diligence both technical strategic as well as financial. I love Todd Pyott and his entire team that's come over to the organization.  And the performance of Rave since joining Motorola has exceeded the business case and exceeded our expectations.
Greg Brown: Yeah. And Tim, as it relates to 2024, obviously, we'll wait until February to give specifics on any kind of detailed guidance. I would tell you, as we sit here today from a high level, we would estimate revenue, again, kind of back of the cocktail napkin to be about $10.5 billion at this point as we sit here today. By the way, that's inclusive of $250 million of incremental revenue headwinds, about $200 million of that out of the UK home office. We've talked to you about that before. The deferral of Airwave representing a little bit over $100 million, the balance of that being the formal exit of ESN for a total of $200 million related to the UK Home Office and anticipated FX headwinds of about $50 million.  So high level, as I sit here today and take a look -- that's kind of how I would dimensionalize next year and filling in more detail when we get together in February.
Greg Brown: Yeah. On the UK, there's really no news to report, George. We had the hearing on August 2 and 3. I think we reiterated the strong case, we feel with a high level of conviction. And you've heard me use adjectives before. I'm very specific with how I would describe the situation. I think it's unprecedented. I think it's overreaching. It's entirely disproportionate, but we made the case.  And as a result, we're waiting on that CAD, that competition appeals tribunal, you referenced that ruling. It's a fairly opaque regulatory process. So I couldn't speculate 1 way or the other on how to interpret that. We'll wait to get it. I would anticipate getting it certainly between now and the end of the year. And as I've already said as well, if it, in turn, does not go our way, we will continue to exhaust all legal options to defend the position we have, provisioning and delivering outstanding and very reliable emergency communication services throughout the UK.
Greg Brown: That's right. We're still delivering the services. We're still investing in the network. We're still doing all the things that are expected of us to deliver superior reliable emergency communication services. We've referenced this to your point. We did start the deferral of revenue on Airwave on August 1. So we're deferring that revenue through the balance of this year. And that informs about $200 million of incremental revenue headwinds for next year. Airwave all in is about $110 million or $115 million of that with a balance of $85 million or so being ESN. So we are obligated to recognize that accounting consistent with the price control of final remedies order, and we're doing that. If there's a different outcome, then we would change that accordingly. 
Greg Brown: Yeah. Well, we certainly are in great shape from a balance sheet standpoint and the firepower to do some things inorganically. It's ironic, Keith, because here was sitting in November, and we have not done an acquisition yet to date. That is certainly not for a lack of an active and a fulsome funnel, but we've been pretty diligent and quite frankly, some sellers have been reluctant at prices that we thought would be more reasonably valued. That's okay.  Having said that, do I anticipate some continued M&A tuck-in activity, I do and the team, Raj, Mahesh, Jack, Jason, Michael, Anas [ph] are actively working that funnel. I think we still probably emphasize in general, services and video security and access control as areas of probably higher priority than others that we would look to do inorganically. And if there's something larger for us to consider, we would evaluate that as well clear eyed, but balance both financially and strategically, and we'll see what comes.
Greg Brown: Yeah, I certainly wouldn't speculate on backlog because I don't have a crystal ball. Having said that. Q3, we ended record backlog. Q3 was also a record quarter's quarter. So I love the funnel. I love our conversion. I love the record orders, and I think we're well positioned. By the way, when I look at the quality of the backlog in terms of aged or duration that remains strong as well. As Jason said, we still have to navigate supply chain on the semiconductor front. It's not normalized. Lead times remain elevated.  But at the end of the day, I like our end markets. I think they're pretty resilient. I like the demand and criticality for what we do, i.e., public safety and enterprise security informed by video security and access control as well as all the great work Mahesh is doing on the product side, in Command Center.  So we'll see where we're at. But as we sit here in November, do I like how we're entering into 2024? Absolutely. And if there's any changes to that, obviously, we'll update you in February.
Greg Brown: Yes. I think I would just stick to the 10/5 as a general high-level anticipated marker and reserve any additional color on either technologies or segments for the February conversation. But again, Adam, and I appreciate the question. But all I would tell you is I feel very good about going into 2024, and we'll update you in about 90 days.
Greg Brown: 33% comp. In terms of the segment, S&S, of 5, I remind you that includes the decrement and deferral of Airwave revenue, which is important and compresses that. But at the same time, we continue to have great performance in command center software with the strong print for Q3. We have strong managed services performance and something that's not even reflected in Q3 is Denmark. And Molloy's team did a fabulous job on a multiyear project and multiyear managed services contract to close on Denmark. So I think that also should inform how you interpret the S&S performance.
Greg Brown: Yeah. I think what I would say, Tomer, is I kind of focus on the approximately 4%. I understand the math differences of how you disaggregated it. But we're looking and anticipate 4% revenue growth for Q4. By the way, that's in the face of $105 million of headwind for Q4, $50 million, which is the Airwave deferral that's in that growth, $40 million, which is the business -- light business model, change that we informed you on a couple of months ago, a couple of quarters ago. And there's $15 million of additional FX headwinds.  So the 4% is actually a pretty healthy quarter that we're pretty proud of, and that's why we're raising the full year accordingly as well. 
Greg Brown: So first of all, thanks for everybody dialing in and listening, but also thank you to everybody at Motorola Solutions, a great quarter, great execution. A lot of moving parts, but I love the team we've assembled, and I love the collaboration and pristine focus we have, both balancing results and investing for the long term.  I also would say in closing that in a world of challenging and increasing threats, I think the investments we've made in safety and security are as important as ever. We -- in effect, when you think about what we do, we are solving for safer. We're solving for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer stadiums. And we do that by linking and integrating public safety with private organizations and private institutions to ensure that the solutions that we deliver and provision and the bidirectional customized workflow within them, protect people, property and places. Again, I'm proud of everybody. I think the outlook for our business is strong. Record orders, record backlog, a robust funnel, lots to do, but also lots of opportunity as well. Look forward to talking to you in February. Thanks.
Jason Winkler: Tim, on backlog, we remain in a strong backlog position with an 8% revenue print in Q3 and backlog of $14 billion or more being up 6%. Our backlog is very strong. And I'd also point out that our backlog comes over 95% of it from government customers, who buy what they need, when they need it and count on us to deliver it. So we remain -- and Q3 orders inbound in Q3, inbound orders were also strong. So our backlog position is one of strength and Greg, I'll turn it to you for further comments.
Jason Winkler: Keith, thanks for the question. The supply chain environment for our needs for chips, which I'll remind everyone is for generally 40 nanometers and above is improving, although it's not to levels of normality. For example, lead times for certain chips are now approaching 25-26 weeks where they had been double that, but in a normal environment, they should be 15 or 16.  So improvements, yes, and that's what's helping us drive the favorability of now $70 million in the P&L, but still some opportunity to improve further, and that's what's incorporated into our expectations for Q4 that we'll continue to use the tools that we've been using for a number of quarters now, looking for substitutes, working with our supplier partners and using the available supply that we can find at lower prices. 
Jason Winkler: Yeah. Next year, as we told you on the last call, we're planning for about $60 million of '24 incremental PPP relief over '23. So we still have opportunity to capture there and expect that in the P&L. And again, that aligns to our expectations that things will continue to improve into '24.
Jason Winkler: Sure. So beginning in Q3 of last year is when our P&L began to see the benefits of the work that Jack and his team did around strategic pricing. We've seen that continue in the back half of last year as well as the entirety of this year. So continue to focus on price and optimization and some of our new products, which customers really like also come at a price increase for us.  So in terms of backlog, we prioritize around, first of all, customers -- priority goes to public safety. But for the most part, the backlog that we do have in products is representative of the prices that we've implemented CIRCA July of last year. So you've seen it show up in the P&L, and we would expect that to continue with our growth being driven by both volume and price.
Jason Winkler: And just to remind everybody, the size and scale of our federal business last year was 7% of our total revenues. This year, it's trending slightly higher than that. It's an important market for us. And it remains an area of focus, but it's smaller than state and local.
Jason Winkler: So our portfolio is refreshing itself around APX NEXT, as Jack mentioned, $600 million of orders since introduction in 2020. And we have continued to invest in other parts of the portfolio, too, like Tetra and others. So we're at still early stages of device refresh. And while having had a number of good quarters and continued demand, we would expect to continue to be able to grow that business as well as, as I mentioned earlier, the pricing strategy that supports the investments that we make, and we spend a sizable amount of R&D to innovate and advance the portfolio should lead to continued growth in the next year. 
Jason Winkler: Sure. So I'll start with this year. I mentioned that we're solidly on track to deliver on the $1.9 billion in cash flow. That was an aggressive plan that we set at the beginning of the year. We mentioned in February that, that included $300 million of higher cash taxes over 2022. And with cash flow at this point through three quarters being up, we are well positioned to deliver on that $1.9 billion.  You're also right in that our inventory levels continue to come down. They're down $200 million from this point last year. They're down $85 million sequentially, and they're still at $950 million. So as we look into next year and the opportunities, we envision continued opportunity to balance investments in inventory with record backlog and working capital optimization into the future.
John Molloy: Sure. Thanks, Tomer. So first of all, I want to highlight the fact that we're actually really pleased with Q3 because the 8% is against the backdrop of a comp last Q3 of 33%. So our full year expectations remain unchanged. It's really a linearity story. And I think leaving that, I think we take a look at it and say, from an alignment standpoint from the portfolio investments, we just announced the H6A camera.  We're now shipping the ACC8, which is a unified video management solution. And then more importantly, if you think about the verticals that we serve, it's government, which has shown resilience in funding, it's education is health care and industrial, which has actually grew 17% for us this quarter. We're really pleased, and we think there's good synergies on the investments we're making in the markets that we serve.
John Molloy: As it relates to federal, we're having a record year. And as you know, the federal government closed just occurred September 30. We're seeing it, it's broad-based. It's Department of Defense. It's civil, it's law enforcement, it's multiyear. So we're really pleased with what happened in federal. And then when you start to think about some of the federal supplemental requests, one of the items in there is $106 billion for the critical national security, which is going to fund Ukraine and Israel. What I would highlight is during the course of this year, we've actually shipped $100 million into Ukraine, a little greater than $100 million at this point in time.  So as you think about it, everything related to federal, Joe Balchen, John Zidar and their team have really done a job we're really pleased with.
John Molloy: One final thing that we've talked about is around the NDA and Secure Communications Act that has essentially been an unfunded mandate. And now there's $450 million for the cybersecurity state and local grant, it's going to fund rip and replace, which should be beneficial from a camera business standpoint.
John Molloy: Sure. So in 2 words, I'd say, momentum acceleration. We're now received of $600 million of orders since our introduction in late 2020. We actually did $100 million of orders in Q3 '23. I think the thing we're most pleased with is we're having good success within major cities, but we're now starting to see smaller state and local customers place orders against us. I would attribute a few things. It's a lot of the basics, I would call world-class ergonomics, audio quality. But the game changer for us has really been the application adoption customers, the demand to have location that works hand in glove with our command center software and Rave solution, the ease of use by way of smart programming and then the ability to extend the network through SmartConnect have really been a game changer.  I think we look at it and say they're -- when we look at our portfolio, APX NEXT family and radios, there's really nothing like it in the public safety domain. I think you asked a follow-on question around 20. We've typically said our LMR business and the device plays into that as it's a mid-single-digit kind of business.
John Molloy: Sure. So public safety is now one of our two largest vertical markets in terms of video security. And I'd remind everybody that when we acquired Avigilon, that was essentially a nascent business. So that's been the function of our sales team's ability to take a new portfolio in the government. So that's the first thing. In the enterprise, our business in enterprise, particularly in video security and access control is a little different than most. It's really centered around safety and security. The primary verticals that we touch there, as we've said, is education. It's health care. And then business around energy production and utilities and transportation, which have all grown as well. Those are really the core verticals for that business in the enterprise space.
