Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our conference call to present Motorola Solutions Third Quarter Results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President, Sales and Field Operations.  Greg and Ed will review our third quarter results along with commentary, and Mark will join us for Q&A. I would like to point out that the results Greg and Ed will highlight in their prepared remarks refer to continued operations and exclude our point-to-point Orthogon and point-to-multipoint Canopy business units, which are now included in discontinued operations as a result of our previously announced sale of these business units during Q3.  We have posted an accompanying earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. In addition, we have posted updated pro forma non-GAAP financials that reflect the recent move of Orthogon and Canopy to discontinued operations. I encourage you to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date.  Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. I would like to now turn the call over to Greg.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, we want to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up so that we can accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, please instruct our callers on how to ask a question.
Shep Dunlap: Okay. I would like to remind everyone the details outlining highlighted items, our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our motorolasolutions.com Investor Relations site. An audio replay together with a copy of today's slides will also be available on this site shortly after the conclusion of this call.  During this call, we made a number of forward-looking statements with the meaning of applicable federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed will be achieved.  Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent dates. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics: future sales growth, including segment region; earnings per share guidance; future tax rates and cash tax rates; expectations for operating expenses; operating earnings; the amount of other income and expense as well as operating margins and profitability; expected cash generation and needs for working capital; expected improvements in operating leverage; demand trends from Motorola Solutions businesses and products, including wireless LAN, RFID, LTE and our MC17 device; our expected decline in iDEN and the timing and ability to repurchase shares under the share repurchases program; or our ability to pay future dividends; along with the competitive landscape, including pricing. Thanks, and we look forward to speaking with all of you again shortly.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Motorola Solutions delivered a great third quarter, and our results were strong in almost every dimension that we measure. In fact, it was a record performance for a third quarter in sales, operating earnings and operating margin.  Highlights for the quarter included growth in all regions, continued strength in Enterprise, better-than-expected Government growth, improved operating leverage and significant return of capital to our shareholders. This also marked another quarter of accomplishments that demonstrate our innovation and commitment to deliver the best mission-critical solutions to our public safety and enterprise customers.  This morning, we reported sales in the third quarter of $2.1 billion, an increase of 10% from Q3 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.45 per share from continuing operations, compared to a $0.04 loss in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing ops were $0.65 per share compared to $0.54 per share in Q3 of last year, a 20% increase.  Our Government business revenues increased 9% as we saw growth across all regions, especially within Asia and Latin America, as customers continued to deploy our public safety solutions.  Non-GAAP operating earnings in the Government business grew 27% due to the strength in sales and continued expense management.  In our Enterprise business, sales increased 13% from the year-ago quarter as companies continued to deploy our products and solutions further into their organizations to improve productivity, operational excellence and improve the customer experience.  Last quarter, we emphasized the priority we placed on capital return. During the quarter, we returned $744 million in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and, earlier this month, made our initial dividend payment of $0.22 per share.  I'll now turn the call over to Ed to discuss our financial results, then return to discuss operational highlights and provide additional thoughts on our business performance.
Gregory Q. Brown: Craig, no, we had -- as I mentioned, we had 13% year-over-year growth in the quarter. We had double-digit growth in both mobile computing and WLAN. I just think that there continues to be demand for mobile computing overall. And as more and more workers mobilize, those are favorable trends to us. I think stepping back -- also, by the way, all in for both Enterprise and Government, we saw backlog up slightly sequentially as well, which we felt was a good sign. So I think that we continue to perform in our key verticals. But at the end of the day, Craig, the whole emphasis on ROI and enterprises to get their cost structure down while simultaneously trying to drive revenue, increase performance at customer point of contact are trends that are favorable to us.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think that the levers on continued operating expansion, of course, start with revenue growth, because we have gotten the cost structure further and further improved, which is why you see the kind of operating leverage that you do this past quarter with OE, or operating earnings, growing 2x the top line. I do think there's always opportunities to become more efficient as well, as we have successfully spun off mobility 10 months ago in a lot of the support services. We're always evaluating our shared services, our engineering footprint, our manufacturing capacity. So we're looking at a lot of different things to ensure that we are as effective and efficient as we can be while still investing about $1 billion of R&D. So I think there's shared services, real estate footprint, obviously revenue growth and as we continue to be more efficient in the cost of goods side with the consolidation of suppliers, I think there's a number of different things that can help us continue to drive operating margin expansion over time.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I mean different product lines will have different gross margin profiles. And it is -- you're right, it is certainly likely that a lot of our services business will not have the gross margins that we enjoy in other segments. Having said that, Deepak, we are not confused and, all in, will continue to manage the whole portfolio, and our goal will be to continue to drive operating margin expansion and, of course, increase operating and free cash flow as well. And so we'll manage that mix.
Gregory Q. Brown: So on the divestiture of what we call our wireless broadband business, our point-to-point and point-to-multipoint, the fact of the matter is it just wasn't strategic to us. It was about -- it is about $170 million of annualized revenue and was struggling from a profitability standpoint. And we were -- we had a very, very small percentage of market share, and we competed with the big boys, who are more sophisticated and have a more robust product line for backhaul. Folks like Ericsson and Alcatel-Lucent, NEC, so it just didn't make sense. And it wasn't core to mission-critical communications. And as we configure our own designs and solutions for customers, sometimes we didn't even use our own product, and that should be also a clue in terms of its lack of strategic value. So it wasn't financially accretive nor was it consistent with what we talked about, about mission-critical communications. Shifting to Rhomobile, we acquired that small software company because with HTML5, it will lessen the dependence on people writing applications for one operating system or another. So today, people write for WIN mobile 7.5 or they write for Android 2.3 or they write for Windows-embedded handheld or they write for BlackBerry OS. And over time, this will be all abstracted, and you'll have one set of developers writing to a standard base, what I would call API, to HTML5. So it really is designed to expand the applications portfolio for developers and to our Government and Enterprise customers and allow us the latitude of offering devices that may have either Microsoft or Android, but do it in a way that attracts the ecosystem and developer community and provides ultimately our customers with the choices that they want. So that's -- that was the philosophy behind Rhomobile, which was an affordable all-cash-in tuck-in that we think was fundamentally key to our mobile computing business.
Gregory Q. Brown: And on the overall portfolio, as we think about our current product portfolio, we do not see a gap that we would identify today based on the franchises where we play and the platforms where we lead. So we don't step back and say, "Boy, we really need to fill in X or Y." That said, we'll always be opportunistic in looking at opportunities that come forward. But I think we have a very strong set of products and solutions at this point in time.
Gregory Q. Brown: No, I don't. I think with 25,000 -- 1,700 feet on the street worldwide and 25,000 channel partners, we will always use distributors, VARs, independent software vendors and the mix of alternate distribution channels for us to reach and touch kind of all corners of the world. So I think as we continue to monitor and manage that mix, I think we'll be able to manage accordingly.
Gregory Q. Brown: So what's driving Enterprise primarily, I would say the twin towers of growth are mobile computing and WLAN. Now, Ehud, that said, our advanced data capture business, while not very glamorous, is strong and steady, and it has density and materiality, so that continues to be a positive contributor as well. The divested businesses are $170 million annualized in Q3. They were about $40 million or $41 million, to dimensionalize what Canopy and Orthogon are in the Q3 results. By the way, we haven't closed that transaction yet, although we expect to do that shortly. WLAN is growing much faster than the 13% Enterprise rate overall. I think the industry is growing strong, but between our performance in the verticals, utilizing air defense -- and, by the way, we're positioning WLAN more kind of in the kernel of our services offering as well, reference Sears. So I think that -- and also because cellular networks, as you know, continue to strain under the explosion of data and video traffic. From a carrier standpoint, WLAN is very well-positioned, and you know what came out of the acquisition of the Symbol organization. RFID is -- we're still bullish on it and think that it will have significant opportunities going forward. I think it wasn't simply mentioned because it was a bit lumpy and there wasn't a significant reference or contract to mention in Q3, but that doesn't change our perspective that we think it's fundamentally key going forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: So backlog in aggregate is up slightly. So we don't talk about the individual segments of Government or Enterprise. So what I was describing was that overall backlog is up, which, quite frankly, we were pleased with, given the 10% earnings growth in Q3. I think it just reinforces what we have been saying about the mission-critical nature of public safety, and there's a lot of different drivers that continue to, both domestically and internationally, expand our position in this key segment.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think we're very well-positioned internationally. As we talked about, we grew double-digits outside of North America in all 3 regions. I think it's a combination of our -- to an earlier point on this call, the reach and capacity of 25,000 indirect channels, which largely drive the Enterprise business, and our embedded and incumbent position and strong sales force in different theaters on the Government side. Overall, too, I think that there's just a variety of different demand drivers in different parts of the world. And as Mark Moon mentioned earlier, in the LTE environment, the U.S, interestingly, North America, will lead it first, with the Middle East following shortly thereafter. So when we talk about the public safety LTE business, which is incremental to the business that we have at the moment, it will largely be led first in the U.S, then the Middle East. And over time, it will take Europe and Latin America to get their spectrum position in place, but those are areas that will provide even further growth opportunities. So I think we're in a good position, but we can always do better, and we'll always do more.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, we don't get into product market share per platform, but it's fair to say -- well, first of all, we lead in TETRA worldwide. But we don't have the kind of market share in TETRA that we have in P25. In mobile computing, our leading market share position is a little bit more consistent in North America as compared to other international theaters, but we don't dimensionalize it beyond the aggregate.
Gregory Q. Brown: And when you take kind of a step back, all-in, because the guidance is important, remember, number one, the wireless broadband business is out -- is pulled out in Q4. Secondly, our 2% to 3% top line, which incorporates that, also kind of maps to more approximately 5% growth if you extract iDEN. We're coming off a 14% year-over-year comp from Q4 of last year, and backlog is up slightly. So as you take things in composite, that should give you a full flavor of how we're doing. And recall also that we've raised full year outlook to approximately 7%, all in, for this year in 2011. So those are the puts and takes and why we feel reasonably good about where our current position is.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, I think as we look forward, some of that still remains to be seen as the deployments are really just getting started. But I would say I wouldn't see any appreciable change in the way that we're managing the working capital levels and the related cash flow impacts.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think for now that's what I would assume. As we get into these, we will give you updates if we think that it's either more or less capital-intensive. As I look at it, as there are build-outs, it's possible there could be a bit more capital required to roll some of these things out. But we're not seeing that just yet, so we'll update you as appropriate going forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: In answer to the first question, no meaningful changes on the competitive landscape. And you know, we consistently compete with in public safety North America on the systems side. It's usually Harris. Occasionally we'll compete against a systems integrator in North America as well. On the professional and commercial radio business, where we continue to lead worldwide and have performed extremely well from a share perspective and a financial perspective, no significant changes. WLAN, same thing. Whether it's Cisco or Aruba, I don't think there's any material changes, so we continue to move forward. And as a result of that, we also don't see, at this point, any significant swings or changes in competitive pricing as well. Now obviously, bids are always competitive, and when you get to these large tenders, price is very, very important. But I wouldn't say -- I'd say that's been very consistent over the last few years for us as we compete with large deals, and that says we have to come up with the best product solution with the highest quality and continually drive costs out of this business, so we remain competitive and win. And that's our intention to do it. I think on the growth by region color, I think -- as we mentioned, growth at every business -- in both businesses, I should say, Government and Enterprise, and then growth in every region in every business for the quarter, which I think is positive, I guess a little more color we could tell you, a bit more robust growth outside of North America across the board and the Government business in EMEA now coming to a point where we're talking about growth, a bit more modest, but getting back to growth, as Mark had mentioned. So that's the color we'll provide there.
Gregory Q. Brown: So I think the way to think about it, Jim, is, and this was referenced a few different times, we have to continue to grow this business on top line. We're well-positioned from an operating leverage standpoint, which means it would be our goal to continue to drive operating margin expansion, and somebody mentioned the 16% to 18% framework that we have talked about and we talked about as part of our model, and there's no reason that we can't see at this point why we shouldn't be able to continue to expand operating margins. But we also recognize that there'll be a different mix of products and services. But we believe we should be able to manage that mix, all in, and therefore drive improve operating cash flow and free cash flow as well as continue to increase and drive earnings per share and operating earnings. And that's how we are approaching this moving forward. Now all in, we still believe that, organically, our long-term growth model for this business is 5% to 8%. And obviously, you've seen us do that throughout this year, year-to-date. Again, for the full year of '11, we think we'll be able to grow the firm approximately 7%. And we'll give you color in 2012 about that year in the January earnings call. But the demand drivers are very strong. We believe in the long-term model, and we should be able to continue to grow earnings and cash. And that's our intention as a management team.
Gregory Q. Brown: So we will retire the $600 million of debt on November 1. I think coming out of Q3, the diluted share count is 339 million. We wouldn't forecast a share count going forward, given the puts and takes, but it was 339 million coming out of Q3. And again, given the share repurchase of $744 million, we bought back 5% of the market cap of the firm at a price of $40.38. So we'll continue to look at all those things carefully.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. As Greg mentioned, our Q3 sales reflected across-the-board strength in all regions. Along with strong revenue growth, we had great profitability and operating margin performance while continuing appropriate level of investment in the business.  Revenue growth continued in our Government business with third quarter sales of $1.4 billion, an increase of 9% from the prior year. Enterprise business delivered another excellent quarter as the segment grew 13% to $726 million, driven by strength in enterprise mobile computing and our wireless LAN portfolio.  In addition to our sales performance, our total backlog in Q3 was up slightly from the prior quarter. On a GAAP basis, earnings from continuing operations net of taxes were $152 million, and EPS was $0.45 per share. Non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations were $0.65 per share compared to $0.54 a year ago.  Operating expenses were $708 million, or 33.6% of revenue, which represents a 240 basis point improvement from the year-ago quarter. Operating expense dollars were roughly flat sequentially, in line with the outlook we provided in our last call. We expect Q4 operating expenses to be comparable to this past quarter.  Operating earnings for the third quarter were $358 million or 17% of sales, compared to $289 million or 15.1% in Q3 2010. This 24% increase in operating earnings was driven by the 10% increase in sales combined with disciplined operating expense management. We are pleased with the leverage in our business as operating earnings increased over twice the rate of revenue growth during the fourth quarter. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $16 million in the quarter, compared to a net expense of $18 million in Q3 2010. This quarter's results benefited from higher-than-expected investment gains. However, we continue to expect this other income expense line to be a net expense of approximately $20 million to $30 million in future quarters.  Our effective tax rate was 34.8% for the quarter, and we now expect a tax rate for the full year in the range of 34% to 35%. As we have previously stated, our average cash tax rate is expected to be approximately 20% for the next 6 years as we utilize available tax credits.  Cash flow from operations was $477 million this quarter, which were driven by solid operating earnings, relatively stable working capital levels and reductions in our long-term receivables related to our former Networks business.  On a year-to-date basis, we've generated approximately $300 million of operating cash flow, and we expect another solid quarter of cash generation to close out the year. We ended the quarter with $6.3 billion in cash and investments and $2.1 billion in debt.  We also returned $744 million in cash to our shareholders this quarter through our recently initiated stock repurchase program. A repurchase of 18.4 million shares at an average price of $40.38 reduced shares outstanding by over 5%. Lastly, I want to remind you that we're on course to retire the $600 million of debt that comes due on November 1. Now turning to our full year and Q4 outlook. We are now raising our expected full year revenue outlook to approximately 7% growth, compared to our previous outlook of 5.5% to 6%. We still expect operating earnings, as a percent of sales, to be approximately 16.5% and a higher outlook sales.  In addition to our robust sales performance in Q3, we continue to expect Q4 sales growth of 2% to 3% over an exceptionally strong fourth quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of the planned iDEN decline, expected Q4 growth would be approximately 5.%.  Our outlook for Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share is $0.78 to $0.83 from continuing operations. This outlook is based on Q3 ending share count. Consistent with prior quarters, this outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.18 per share that is historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases.  I'll now turn it over to Greg for segment and business highlights from the quarter.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think as we updated on the last quarter call, we felt confident that we had executed to the cost reduction initiatives to take out the overhang-related costs that we had called out pretty early beginning last year, so I think we feel pretty good that those actions have been taken. The cost structure is aligned and the main reason why you're seeing us now kind of relatively flat quarter-to-quarter and guiding to relatively flat expenses for the fourth quarter. I think as we go forward into 2012, we'll come back to you with specific guidance. But you should expect us to continue to leverage the P&L going forward, whereas cost structure will not grow to the extent of the sales growth that we'll expect the next year.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And just to add to that, I'd say that as you look at our services business, gross margins may be a bit lower, as we've disclosed, but operating margins are not that different. So we don't expect the services business as it grows to be a drag on the operating earnings growth that we've been talking about.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Look, Pierre, as you talked about, we will continue to look for opportunities. If there's ways for us to strengthen our presence in a particular region, that will definitely be a factor for looking to inorganically grow in a region where we might feel we can do better by going outside and acquiring.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes, I think, it was actually a combination of a lot of things. But as you said, it was better than we even expected, because we were being a little cautious in some of the regions, given the headwinds that we were all facing. As a result, we were able to turn backlog. But we grew backlog, as you said. So new orders were also very, very strong. So I think the exciting thing about that, for us, in the Government space is that there was growth in every region, including EMEA, which we talked about previously as not showing growth, and North America continues to be very resilient and show very strong growth. So it was really a combination of all things coming together, as you said, in a better and possibly better-than-expected effort.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think, as we guided for Q4, if that's what you're talking about, we had planned for that iDEN revenue to decline in the fourth quarter, marginally in line with what we're seeing now with the outlook that we saw in the beginning of the year. So the iDEN decline overall for the year is a bit less than we expected and planned at the beginning of the year. And I'd say going forward, given that a lot of the revenue that we have today is related to services in support of the networks, we will see that business decline in '12 and '13, but we expect the decline to be relatively consistent with this year and/or trail in the subsequent years.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: We've not talked by segment the growth. We've just given the aggregate number for the quarter, that's the 2% to 3%. And backing up the impact of iDEN, approximately 5% growth. But we do expect to see growth in both businesses. We'll give you that level of color. I'll let Mark -- pass it to Mark for more color.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: That's right, Drew. And if you look at last year, about 14% growth in Q4 of last year, that's what we were referring to.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I really think it's the latter, a bit higher expenses on the higher sales and just mix of product. Just that I'll call out as well the impact of the business that was divested was actually -- profits was actually about $0.02 per share, which is effectively offset by the impact of the share repurchase that was a favorable $0.02 per share, so...
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And the guidance we gave you for Q4 assume the Q3 ending, so just to make sure you know we're consistent.
Mark F. Moon: No, I think you covered it very well, Greg. We expect the current -- the reissued, if you will, RFP to be done later this month. And we expect there to be competition, as we would normally expect in a bid of this size in North America. And obviously, the entities, both L.A. City, the independent cities in the county and the county, are strong customers of ours, so we intend to compete very hard for this business.
Mark F. Moon: So I think, as you said, we're excited about the initial release coming out the middle of next month, and we will begin shipping to customers at that time. As we've always alluded, really from a revenue-recognition perspective, we will see revenue in 2012, but we don't expect it to really become, as you said, in a significant kind of fashion or in a meaningful fashion until 2013. We expect initial revenues to be in North America, actually, but we're excited about the large opportunities in the Middle East and in Latin America and also in Asia. So I do think the LTE, we always said that it would begin in North America because of the good work that's been going on with the PSST and the D Block spectrum that's still being discussed, but it will move internationally as it goes forward.
Mark F. Moon: So as we've indicated, and as you indicated, the MC17 has had the strongest success in Europe, and it continues to do so. But it is within customer deployments in all regions. We have a number of customers leveraging in the U.S. and some in Asia, and we continue to look at, as we've previously talked about, what is the right product or variation of this product as we think about markets like Asia and Latin America. So we're excited about this project -- product, but, again, we're excited about our entire mobile computing portfolio. So I think we continue to innovate and we continue to see good uptake throughout the world.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, I think Ed reiterated earlier this is in line with the guidance we gave previously and what our expectations were. So excluding iDEN business, if we think about the original guidance that we've always given around Government segment performing in the low to mid-single-digits and the Enterprise business performing in the mid- to upper single-digits, that's really the expectation that we see and how the buildup of that 2% to 3%. Then the iDEN decline is what brings it back to those kind of levels. So again, the earlier question about the strength of Enterprise and how we see it continuing, it's still, even in the fourth quarter, coming off of a strong comparable operating at normal rates.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, so I think Greg's talked on a number of occasions about the -- the good thing about the Government business is we have relatively good visibility. Many of these deals are long-term kind of acquisitions, and you do get deals that build backlog, so we continue to have good visibility. As I mentioned previously, our orders in the quarter for Government segment were up, so we continued to see good performance in that particular piece. So all in all, as we look forward, we certainly are keeping our eyes open to the economic situations around the world, but we continue to feel that the current visibility is similar to what we've seen in the past, and we really don't see any structural changes to our view of the Government business as we look into 2012.
Mark F. Moon: I think it's relatively similar. I mean, if we look at percentage of backlog versus revenue, it's not dissimilar in North America versus the international markets. So again, while the portfolio may be somewhat different and sometimes the buying cycles are different, they've been pretty consistent and still remain fairly consistent in the position of backlog versus quick-term business versus new orders that we need to convert.
