Gregory Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'm going to start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook.  First, I'm really pleased with our strong start to the year, as we achieved sales and earnings per share above our guidance in spite of the challenging macroeconomic and supply chain environment that we continue to navigate. During the quarter we saw a record Q1 orders and record Q1 sales, highlighted by our video security and access control business, which grew 21% in revenue with even higher growth in orders. We also finished the quarter with a record Q1 ending backlog of $13.4 billion, up 19% versus last year.  Second, we continue to see strong demand across all three technologies, driven in part by a robust funding environment for our customers. In land mobile radio, we're seeing continued investment in regional, statewide and even countrywide networks that further reinforces the longevity and criticality of this technology. And in our higher growth areas of video and command center software, our investments in cloud and artificial intelligence are differentiating us from our competitors. Total software revenue was up 17% during the quarter, including 28% growth in software for our video security and access control business and 9% growth in command center software.  And finally, our expectation for full-year guidance remains unchanged. As the years progressed -- as this year has progressed, we've seen incremental headwinds related to higher freight costs, a stronger dollar and the dilutive impact to be Ava Security acquisition. However, these headwinds are being offset by further pricing actions, stronger demand, favorable mix and targeted cost reductions.  I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Jason. I thought I would end with a few thoughts on the business. First, business remains really strong despite the ongoing macroeconomic and semiconductor challenges. We had record Q1 orders and sales that drove results above our expectations. We ended the quarter with our highest Q1 ending backlog ever and our higher growth businesses in video security and command center software continue to grow at a multiple of their overall markets.  Second, our healthy balance sheet and durable cash flow provides us with the flexibility to be opportunistic in our deployment of capital. During the quarter we closed two additional acquisitions I'm excited about TETRA Ireland, the provider of Ireland's nationwide digital radio service for first responders is a business. We've had our eye on for a while actually and it adds to our strong LMR managed services business, and Ava Security, a scalable, secure and flexible cloud solution provides customers with the benefits of an enterprise grade video security solution, while minimizing the physical footprint of their security infrastructure. Ava complements our on-prem offerings in fixed video security and provides us with the flexibility to meet our customers where they are with options for both cloud or on-prem solutions.  And finally, while the macroeconomic environment remains turbulent, I like our position. We're a leader in the markets we serve. We provide need to have solutions that are critical for customers. We continue to invest heavily in R&D, and all of this provides us with the ability to take continued pricing actions to manage higher cost pressures. Additionally, we have strong predictable cash flows that allows us to continue to invest in our growth businesses, while simultaneously returning capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.  I'll now turn the call back over to Tim. 
Gregory Brown: Hey, Keith. I think our view of supply chain is, it's pretty much unchanged from where it was a quarter ago. It's still very challenging, we go through week by week negotiations and discussions with critical suppliers on allocations. On the good news side, I think we were more successful in Q1 getting some critical parts sooner than expected. And I think that drove an informed our over performance in Q1. The overall environment around semiconductor constraints remains challenging. I think, Keith, realistically we expect those challenges to exist throughout the rest of 2022. 
Gregory Brown: [Multiple Speakers] semiconductor constraint is largely unchanged. As Jason dimensionalize although freight is incrementally gotten worse as we shift more ocean to air and the overall cost is higher than was anticipated on our last call, but anticipated and included in our full year guidance. 
Gregory Brown: Our guidance for the quarter and the year is compilation of the demand and the match to the supply that we have and foresee in terms of delivery. So nothing has changed there. We overperformed in Q1, largely because we were able to get the supply and allocate it purposely to parts of the portfolio, like public safety that are important to customers, they also happen to have slightly higher ASPs. 
Gregory Brown: We acquired Ava and Ava is about $0.10 dilutive to EPS for the full year. So net-net, we've got incremental headwinds as you talked about George of FX, incremental headwinds with freight, some M&A higher costs than our last call. But that's balanced out by favorable mix, particularly as we index toward higher tier shipments. We continue to take pricing actions. I think tax rate will be a little bit better and share count will be lower. So all in all -- and by the way, at the end of the day I think demand is as strong or maybe even stronger today than it was back in February. 
Gregory Brown: So with PCR, we expect it to grow this year mid-single digits. it was flat in Q1. The demand for PCR is very robust, the limiting or gating item is supply around PCR. So Jack, if you want to talk about markets. 
Gregory Brown: Sure. So headline inflation we’re navigating it like all companies and have been planning for a significant inflation number that we've been seeing. We have two cost inflation items that we believe are temporal. One, we're paying a premium for semiconductors that aren't available directly from the manufacturer and getting them through alternative secondary markets, that's a $120 million that is in the P&L this year as we get after that critical supply. Secondly, the freight levels that we're incurring this year, also air rates are frankly high, they got higher after the Ukraine invasion and they remain high. So those are two temporary items that we’re navigating around, as well as general inflation. 
Gregory Brown: Sure, Mata. I think as it replies to Europe. First of all, I just want to remind you, half of our revenue in Europe is actually recurring revenue, so think large scale managed service businesses. In Q1, internationally, we have been up 3% -- were up 3% in constant currency, so really the FX headwind that Jason alluded to really impacted Europe to the greatest extent. But I would say this, our challenges in Europe and really quite frankly in international are not demand related. Demand remains very robust, it remains very robust in Europe, not only in video security and access control, but our command center software as well as our land mobile business. So I think the biggest challenge I would say is really currency right now. 
Gregory Brown: Majority of our backlog is from direct customers, governments, agencies, thousands of customers who order as their procurement cycles permit them. And so we believe that to be a very strong signal for their demand. We also have a channels business where channel inventories are very low and our channel partners are placing orders on us to replenish that inventory. So our demand signal from our -- both our direct customers and our indirect customers is pretty clean. And as Jack mentioned it is growing in both sides of the business. 
Gregory Brown: Let me just add to that [Multiple Speakers] we launched the M500 last year, it started shipping a few months ago, a little bit earlier this year. The M500 we consider to be a significant leap up from our prior generation [Ferrari] (ph). And it builds upon a lot of the goodness that the Ferrari had and Ferrari from the WatchGuard legacy really has evolved with a lot of customer feedback. Critically for the M500 we have added some significant new AI capabilities. This is a platform that's really meant to deliver AI capabilities. At launch we launched it with two capabilities effectively officer and passenger safety, but in addition ALPR as well. And the ALPR stream actually contributes to the other sets of ALPR cameras we have in our portfolio. These feed into one of the largest -- the industry's largest license plate databases that we have. Right now we're exceeding $50 billion of plate rates.  And to give you an idea of, like the rate at which it gets refreshed, in Q1 of this year we accounted for about $2.4 billion plate rate and to give you understanding of the frequency at which we are growing here compared to the previous year, we doubled the plate rate. So overall from a mobile video standpoint and in ALPR standpoint we're doing fantastic. 
Gregory Brown: Ben, I was just going to say the last part that you said. I think it is more PCR related. I think the way we do that is, I think Molloy and John Zidar during this time work really closely with the channel partners, particularly in North America on prioritization, on active conversations, on transparency, on what they really need versus what they may think they want, to try to eliminate any kind of artificial forecasting. So I think it's a reflection of the relationships we have with the channel partners. And I have to tip my hat to John Zidar who runs that organization under Molloy.  I think the way you sort through that is the efficacy and the authenticity of the conversations with the partners during these tough times. And I think Molloy and his team are doing that. 
Gregory Brown: The only thing I'd add on the high tier and APX. APX NEXT is the complexity of those products and the joint engineering we do, and the supply lines we have for semiconductors are unique to those products and we're doing a good job in getting the security of that supply lines. So there are some commonalities, but also some uniqueness in our key suppliers and public safety LMR are doing a good job of getting us what we need. 
Gregory Brown: Okay. Louie, I'll start and Mahesh may want to color in some lines. I think first of all, as it relates to fixed video, security and access control, we've taken a premise and a look at the market to say we want to make sure we meet our customers' for where they are. So it started with Avigilon, which is an on-prem end-to-end solution. We've invested in Avigilon cloud services, but they had a legacy Access Control business as well. Actually that business was actually the highest growth within the Avigilon portfolio one point in time, but we really saw a move to cloud and mobility, particularly as people want -- they want smartphones capability to access a building instead of an old keycard. And well, I would also tell you that Openpath is seen -- it's been -- it outkicked it business case due to the fact that there is a shortage on card readers right now, like a lot of things in the heart. So that's really accelerated the growth into the cloud for Openpath. So I think you will hear a lot of good things.  The other piece with Openpath as I said is its cloud. native, which is different to the most. So we think we've got a pretty good strategy as it relates to both in terms of a buyer wants to cloud solution or Openpath. I mean, now the cloud solution are an on-prem solution. Mahesh, anything you want to add to that. 
Gregory Brown: In terms of state and local budget cycles. I'll remind everyone we have thousands of customers in North America. A common changeover in year is around July 1. So they will look at available funds and as well as stimulus and set their priorities. So we'll see what those budgets look like, but all indications are with the backstop of funding that will continue. 
Gregory Brown: Yeah. I just want to close -- Thank you for that opportunity. I want to close by thanking all of the Motorola Solutions people around the world for their commitment, perseverance in what was a strong Q1. Despite the fluid and dynamic environment demand, it just remains exceptionally strong. The customer funding environment remains robust. We continue to make investments in software and video. And as Jason and others outlined in this call, we continue to take action to offset higher costs.  I would just say this, macroeconomic turbulence and uncertainty presents opportunity and we will continue to deploy capital against the backdrop of those opportunities that present themselves. Thank you for joining us. We look forward to talking to you again in a few months. And again to all the Motorola people, thank you, thank you, thank you. Much appreciated. 
Jason Winkler: And Keith, you mentioned the %50 million in Q1, it's another $50 million in Q2. So as we set out the year and described in the last call $100 million is elevated cost that we're incurring to buy these parts at a premium in the first half, but the second half is only $20 million, that's in part driven by the elevated costs that we faced last year with comp. But secondly, in terms of our supply and what our teams are doing to increase the number of substitutable parts, the engineering and quality teams are doing a good job in finding alternative parts and doing well in that. And we've also shifted to air as our primary means of freight, that's what's elevating our freight costs a little bit to get the parts in a timely fashion. 
Jason Winkler: You mentioned $110 million I FX, that's absolutely correct. The incremental M&A that's -- that we've acquired since we last talked is $60 million. Additionally – 
Jason Winkler: Additionally, in terms of -- you mentioned price, we're absolutely looking at that and have made some changes across the portfolio. And the third item is, favorable mix. So what we -- where we prioritize and allocate our supply to. 
Jason Winkler: So we've been looking at price for a number of quarters, the most recent ones where January. I mentioned on the call that the backlog that we began the year with was $2.2 billion, that's largely going to fuel the first half. So the orders January onwards are going to fuel the second half and that's where our most recent pricing actions are. When I think about products, the segment in terms of what's driving the growth we expect this year for our product segment of mid-single digit growth. Within LMR the driver is largely price and mix favorability. And then within video, which is the higher growth part, it's price and volume that are driving the growth we expect there. 
Jason Winkler: Yeah. And Paul, I would also say that taking all those things into account, we still expect full year gross margins to be comparable for MSI and operating margins to be slightly up for full year 2022. 
Jason Winkler: And Meta, just as a footnote, as it relates to Russia, contextually we've exited that market. It was pretty de minimis for us to begin with. Full year revenue on Russia last year was $25 million. So we've exited that market. We don't have Motorola Solutions employees in that theater any longer. So just as a footnote, I thought that could be helpful as well. 
Jason Winkler: So the answer to the first question is, within the quarter it was $18 million in FX and on FX in general, we have some offsets within OpEx to mitigate the effects of the gross margin dollars lost. So there is some relief, if you will, on OpEx. But in total, $110 million degradation in -- from last call to this call comes with an OE impact that we are mitigating through price, through cost targets and through allocation to higher mix. 
John Molloy: Paul, I think that -- the two markets that we've seen the most profound rebound kind of post COVID have been air transportation and hospitalities. I think the next to follow will be commercial real estate as we get people back to work in major cities. We're starting to see upgrade even in our building. We'll see upgrades on the communications front there, but it's really been air and hospitality this year. 
John Molloy: Hey, Sam, it's Jack. First of all, I want to -- we said it before, but it's important to first of all point out this, ARPA will be a multi-year phenomenon. So our team is actually -- whey we look at our pipeline, which is our sales funnel, we've actually seen the three time increase over this period last year. So that's great. And a lot of that is really directed at the $350 billion in state and local, which really -- we've never had a problem as it relates to where we needs to have business, but what it really does, it draws clarity to how those deals get funded. And so we'll be in that for the next 2.5, three years.  The second area where it's been very helpful is with our fixed video security and access control business, particularly around the education vertical where people are really trying to -- as they bring kids back to school, trying to make sure those places are safe. Actually investing in things like concealed weapons technology with our evolved partnership as well. So we think the money, at this point, which is $170 billion there will also be -- will benefit us over the course of the next three years as well. 
John Molloy: Absolutely. So first of all, as it relates to -- as it relates to the body worn. I talked about last year from a market share context, last year we doubled our orders, in 2021 doubled our orders in a market that certainly didn't double. So we felt like we took share. As it relates to Q1 2022, our orders were up double-digit. And I think most importantly there were up double-digit against a comp, whereby last year we grew 65% in orders in Q2.  And I think the only thing I'd add is, we announced our as a service offer last year, we've actually seen acceleration in customers' willingness to choose the cloud there. So, we've said before, we think that the market wants an alternative. We've got good relationships internationally and in North America our team continues to fight for their fair share. 
John Molloy: Sure. So the first point is that, we are growing fast then the market, we're taking market share. Over half of our orders last quarter in Q1 were suite orders, effectively we either added on to existing bundles for we -- customers bought more than one. And Jason mentioned two of our larger opportunities, it is bit. The LA Unified School District they bought our CAD and record solution, but not only are we seeing synergies now with our software suite, but one of the key reasons to buy there was location data integration from our LMR side as well. And that had a profound impact in that opportunity.  The City of Phoenix opportunity that Jason mentioned was driven by the national Incident based reporting criteria that the city needed to comply with. And that along with the fact that we are now integrating with the Aware solution for real-time situational awareness, that added a lot of synergy to that opportunity as well. We had our Summits in April and the summit was the largest Software Summit we have ever had in Motorola history. 1,600 attendees, over 300 classes and user group sessions, we had representation across all user types going from call to case closure. There is some important themes that we hit there. The first with the fortification team and really what resonated there was cybersecurity.  We talked about the public safety threat alliance that we launched quite recently and as a consequence of us talking about the public safety threat alliance, within the first two weeks of the creation of it we've had over 50 members sign up to be part of that and we expect that to rapidly increase. We also talked extensively about our innovations in user experience given the theses, given the user that were represented there and some of the -- as an example, some of the AI capabilities that we talked about there really resonated with our customers.  Smart transcription is something that we have talked about previously, but smart transcription has become more than just a transcription -- speech to text transcription, but it really has become and application platform for us that we have built alongside our customers. So not only is transcription a second pair of ears that make sure that the call taker doesn't miss anything. We have now been able to add capabilities where smart transcription allows the call taker to benefit from the experience of other callers who have responded to similar sorts of events.  So, to be able to search for similar calls that they have -- others have responded to and for them to be better informed in responding to new types of event, so smart transcription has actually become an experienced base for existing customers. On top of that, based upon customer feedback we've added capabilities for supervisors to know when to support a call taker during the call as well.  And lastly, we're also extending this to now recognizing when call takers are under stress. So these smart transcription has the capability, it has really expanded our capacity to add applications for our command center software suite. And the last part that I'll mention here is that, mobile has become a significant part of what we have talked about as well. We've invested heavily in mobile CC responder, command center responder has now both in iOS and Android instance supporting our on-prem and our cloud installs, hybrid being a key priority there. And with our customer in Western Australia, we recently launched a CarPlay application that was done in collaboration with Apple and the Western Australia police and this is the very first public safety application to be launched for CarPlay. All of this, by the way very much consistent with our hybrid strategy and we're seeing a fair amount of traction there. 
John Molloy: Correct. The only thing I'd add to that is, I mean, you're right, the PCR channel -- by the way, it's also important to note that a lot of our partners carry one brand. So they're not putting orders against the second one. The second thing is government customers don't have the wherewithal, meaning, they have a limited budget, they're not able to cut multiple purchase orders against the same budget line item. So we wouldn't have any inflation in orders on there, there is an end customer within, for instance, Cook County. If it's a highway department or the sheriff's department, they've got line item 32, it’s $1 million, they can spend that twice. So we know that there is clarity of funding there. 
John Molloy: Yeah. Fahad, I would say as it relates to semiconductor constraints, because that's really what we're referring to. I don't think we see it improving. I think we see it as a constant challenge throughout the remainder of 2022. What improved in Q1 was successfully navigating and negotiating and get some -- getting some increased allocation on some key parts with some key suppliers that moved it from Q2 into Q1. That allowed us to over perform the way we did top and bottom in Q1. I would say that semiconductor constraint environment remains unchanged, i.e., still challenging. We think it will be through the remainder of the year. It is primarily around land mobile radio, but quite frankly video security is not immune completely either, but we are managing those accordingly. 
John Molloy: I think the, part of the LMR, that's the most challenge with PCR, because we have a lot of common semiconductor parts that go into all types of radios. So we are working closely with customers around favorable mix, in particular, North America and oftentimes higher tier devices that allow us to ship those and fulfill those orders quicker than others. So the main part of the LMR portfolio. I think that feels it the most acutely is probably PCR. 
John Molloy: Yeah. Hey, Jim, it's Jack. Maybe I'll take that one. So we look at -- if you remember, there's really three primary budgets excluding federal stimulus and those are operating expense budgets that our annualized. So those things pay for things like maintenance, replacement of radios, those kinds of things. That's the first piece of it. The second of which is actually 911 funding. So a lot of the portfolio are command center software budgets, those get set and those monies are allocated in a different way. So it's a different funding stream. The third, as you said, our real estate and property taxes. There is more of an ebb and flow to those things and quite frankly, historically, we don't see a big uptick in those things, because public safety [indiscernible] nice to have, those are prioritized in annual basis and it's really capital or operating expense and it's 911. Now what's really benefited us, as I pointed out earlier and you heard Greg and his prepared remarks is a $350 billion for state and local and $170 billion directed at schools. Those are new funding that's created new opportunities in all aspects of our portfolio. 
John Molloy: To get real technical, there is also something -- there is also spot taxes, which are specialized purchase things and they do special taxes and raise money per county wide systems as well, that’s the only kind of one-off. 
