Gregory Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us to the result and the outlook. First Q4 was outstanding quarter, capping a very strong year.  We grew Q4 revenue 4% driving higher earnings and cash flow on a continued strength of our Land Mobile Radio solutions lead by North America. We see continued demand across both our government and commercial customers around the world reflected in our recent results and our record backlog. Second, 2017 was a record year for sale operating earnings, cash flow and backlog, demonstrating the earnings power of our Land Mobile Radio platforms. In addition to growing the full year revenue 6% with growth in every region, we grew operating earnings 9% through EPS 11% and we grew operating cash flow 16%.  Finally, I'm very pleased with our competitive position moving forward, I expect our LMR platform business to provide continued growth while also driving additional manage services expansion and further differentiating our command center software strategy.  So now I'd like to turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q4 results and outlook before returning to provide some final thoughts.
Gregory Brown: Thanks Gino and let me just close with a few thoughts. First, I'm very, very proud of the 2017 results we posted as a direct result of our employees' dedication and focus and efforts in delivering unmatched technology and unmatched service to our global customers, many of whom put their lives on the line every single day.  Second, I'm especially pleased with our momentum moving forward. Our record backlog reflects the continued strong demand for LMR led by North America, and we're making continued progress in growing our software and services business as well.  And finally, we announced today a definitive agreement to acquire Avigilon a leader in advanced video surveillance and analytics, adding Avigilon end to end video capabilities and analytics for our commercial and public safety customers, provides not only another key workflow stream to our solutions offering, but also significantly expands the total addressable market that we serve today, paving the way for additional future growth. The management team here remains acutely focused on continuing to grow this firm profitably and for the long-term.  And now I'll turn it back over to Chris. 
Gregory Brown: So, thanks for the questions, in terms of FirstNet, our role hasn’t change, we're still going to provide machine critical software applications and LMR and operability and services but to your point right now the starter pistol's been fired and it's all about subscriber load, so we're pleased that all 56 states and territories opted in but now its game on.  Our current planning actually for this year on FirstNet revenues are about 20 million to 40 million, I wouldn’t over interpretive one way or the other fact I hope is above but just from a prudent planning standpoint, I wanted to set those goal posts as more reflective of where we're today, we just don’t know what we don’t know. The partnership with AT&T continues to work well and go well, but that's our expectation from a FirstNet standpoint at this point in time. 
Gregory Brown: Just on the third point, I think that the opportunities and the events that you outlined are incorporated already into our guidance for fiscal 2018. One of the things we referenced last time that with the natural disasters, the hurricanes, the fires in California, I also think continually reinforce and remind the absolute always on reliable criticality without substitution of land mobile radio systems. But you know, Jack mentioned a little bit about state and local demand and federal demand just a few minutes ago and I think we see it continue to be strong. And Bruce on the command center, maybe you want to mention a few things on that front. 
Gregory Brown: Sure Keith. So, taking a step back, the strategic rationale on this is and we're pretty enthusiastic is. First of all, video surveillance and analytics is growing, it's growing rapidly.  Second, the total addressable market is in well in excess of 10 or 11 billion and then some.  And third, video continues to be a growing proponent, a growing requirement of public safety customers and critical infrastructure customers that want a solution and would like Motorola to provide  The thing that is especially attractive to me is this is not a commodity business, as you've seen the other actions that we've taken with the portfolio over time, I'm not interested in commodity businesses, I'm not interested in commodity margins, I like the market leader with an end to end platform orientation and we believe this end to end video surveillance, suites of analytic, video management and video storage is particularly strong. Now we're as Gino said earlier its GPS neutral, and it's not included in our 2018 guidance but Avigilon is a public company on a Canadian Exchange and you can go back and look at their revenue growth and the kind of execution they had.  The other thing I would say is there is a lot of point solutions in this business, we’re in end to end platform choice, and we believe we have this distinct advantage where we will have when we close this acquisition around faster deployment than comparative products.  And the things especially I love is the channel synergies. So this can fit very neatly and nicely and we can take this portfolio into global public safety because they have been enterprise centric today largely, we can take it into U.S. military, we can take it into U.S. federal, we can take it into our large direct sales force that serve enterprises in the commercial markets, so it's got very attractive channel synergies and lastly quite frankly much like mission critical communications, I think there is a growing aversion to having Chinese provider to critical video surveillance and security and I think that trend will lend itself well to us as well. 
Gregory Brown: So, I think it's too early to comment on, on how to think about it from a model perspective. We will update you after the close. By the way, we expect to run this business self-contained as a separate subsidiary inside of Motorola solutions. So, we're very pleased with the structure of the organization, the talent quality, the patent portfolio, the distribution channels and we want to be very mindful that I think appropriately managed going forward this will continue on a very successful track. The data demonstrated of execution. I think this is about building an end to end platform, adding another leg to the school for public safety, over existing distribution channels and brand by Motorola Solutions and giving them a more skill to accelerate their growth. 
Gregory Brown: I don't really have any current update at this point in time. I'll just simply say we've worked really closely with the UK Home Office, particularly in Q4 as they go through some of their planning and regeneration of timeline. I think that quite frankly, I thought the relationship has strengthened in the last several months. I was out in London, either late November and December, we've had dedicated teams working very closely together and I think it'd be more appropriate for them, so let them announce any kind of changes to their schedule. What I would tell you is that we are not planning on in our 2018 guidance any material revenue contribution from ESM.
Gregory Brown: I think the proxy and what we said from a software perspective, command prospective, what we said publicly is approximately $300 million, now I wouldn’t disaggregated further to video that is the total number for the software business, but that’s currently where we are from a software prospective at least in the command center. We have really the only camera business we have right now is the body-worn business which is relatively small percentage of our revenue. 
Gregory Brown: I think Paul, we really for that, we will get more detail at TAM and when we close and we will just aggregate it a bit more. 
Gregory Brown: I would answer it this way, I mean I think we're pretty prudent to begin within in the way we guide the firm in Q1 in an annualized basis. You can never can tell of course but I think we pretty effectively risk adjusted our thinking around Q1 and the full year, both from a revenue standpoint and an EPS standpoint.  I'm particularly comforted by the performance of the record backlog and the composition of the aged backlog that Gino referenced being higher going into '18 then '17. The environment is strong right now, geopolitically, we grew in every region and it looks like we have the opportunity to grow in every region again. And we're anchored by North America which continually performs very strongly. Second, I think I really like the performance in the low end LMR business what we also refer to as the commercial markets group. I think Molloy's team and Brda product team have performed exceptionally well there. And were executing quite well, I mean we made changes on people, we've moved more front facing bag carrying photo carrying people to the front lines, we continue to prudently manage OpEx and I think do it a better job globally around our channel management. Now that’s not meant to be commercial, as there is lot more work to do, but I think the foundation of growth, the durability to earnings, the visibility we have in the business, positions us quite well for 2018. 
Gregory Brown: And I’ll take, this is Jack. I'll take the second half of the question related to commercial markets. I'll answer it by saying, when I previously led the North American business, I came in in 2015 and we had all of $7 million in total backlog in that market. We had a small team, I believe it was less than 10 people, they were appointed just really at oil and gas market, which as you know, is highly cyclical. Subsequent to that, we have built a team that's gone after the utility market, which has been our highest performing market in commercial last two years in North America. A year ago, we scaled into transportation logistics and manufacturing and we've got a sizable team really and really, been really focused at the Fortune kind of 300 level. We think that's we play most and we've also got an incredible force multiplier in terms of our channel and they have done an outstanding job in covering the small midsize business for us in North America.  Now pivot to internationally we've just stood up a commercial markets team, enterprise selling team in the Europe in the Middle East as well. Again, oil, a large manufacturing in the couriers, there is the target and so to your point, moving from just an oil and gas practice into really a multi, a manufacturing environment where really Bruce's portfolio scales quite well. So, I think, I feel pretty good about the coverage that we've built. And I do think Gino…
Gregory Brown: As we said, good question Keith. As now that we're kind normalized the balance sheet, the capital allocation framework is we suggest it would be 50% cash flow used for either share repurchase or M&A. Given that we plan to close, PlantCML in Q1 and Avigilon sometime in Q2 we're using cash on hand as well as short-term debt to fund the Avigilon acquisitions, so as a result our plan on share repurchase is very little in 2018 probably about a 75 million this year and that’s just to cover dilution but the remaining capital will be deployed, the remaining cash will be deployed to close those acquisitions. 
Gregory Brown: I wouldn’t interrupt at one thing or another really it's probably really more just opportunistic although overall from an OpEx standpoint as Gino mentioned earlier we expect to drive OpEx down even further in '18 and that’s inclusive of acquisitions that have been completed already which has 20 million OpEx that becomes with it and it includes the 30 million headwinds from foreign exchange. So, we will continue to do what we need to do, surgically but impact fully around OpEx. 
George Notter: I guess I was curious about the bigger spending environment around public safety LMR. I guess I'm thinking more about the United States, it seems like state and local tax receipt has to be very, very strong I assume that the content winds for your business.  I want to ask about federal tax receipts also, we got tax reform, I guess I am imagining the tax receipt to be lower going forward. But can you just talk about the environment and how exchanging with tax reform for your LMR business. Thanks. 
George Notter: Hey guys, thanks a lot so letting me follow up. I guess I want to ask about the managed services initiative, certainly its very interesting for you guys and that expands the TAM around your LMR business. I saw that it was up 17% this year. Can you just talk about some of the moving parts inside that initiative, what are customers saying, what's receptivity look like, how does the pitch kind of work for them? Thanks A lot.
George Notter: And can you tell me what percentage of the services business that might account for now, just as a curiosity.
Gino Bonanotte: Hey Kevin its Gino. On gross margins, gross margins are expectation of 2018, gross margins are flat comparable to 2017 and in 2017 we had comparable gross margins in both the product and services segment versus the prior year and the margin reduction for MSI in total was simply a result of the mix to services and we talked about the gross margin profile in services, which includes systems integration to be slightly less than product. So, we see 2018 margins comparable to 2017. 
Gino Bonanotte: Sure, thanks Vijay. If you think about the command center software applications, 911 cad, records, dispatch and then analytics around it. We are currently, we built up that portfolio through acquisition or organically and we're really going through the hard work now of integrating that into a single suite.  We have seen very good progress on cross sell activities. I'll, I'll note between Spillman and ECW as an example, they serve the same size, tier two, tier three marketplace. We've seen great progress on cross sell and we're beginning to see early suite sale, accomplishments as well. So, we're really pleased with the progress that we're making more work to do, but so far, it's really working well. 
Gino Bonanotte: Okay great Stanley this is Gino, so the backlog increased, let's first start with 2018 aging entering into 2018, we're better aged than we were a year ago 12 months ago, the duration I think you’re getting at to the duration of backlog. The duration on the products backlog hasn’t changed, I think you can go back and track that duration to revenue and it's been consistent for the past several years.  On the services side the duration is a little bit longer as we continue to sign multi-year agreements, I referenced seven and five-year agreements in some cases, 15 years services agreement and the duration clearly of that backlog is a bit longer. 
Gino Bonanotte: This is Gino. I'll just reiterate something Greg said a few minutes ago. The expectation of Avigilon from an NPS perspective in 2018 would be a push. It is a push as well for the PlantCML business, we expect both Plant and Avigilon to be accretive 2019 and beyond. 
Gino Bonanotte: And Andrew, this is Gino, on growth and we will clearly give you more details at the TAM and certainly after close, but the only thing I’d point you to is, their compounded annual growth rate of 37%. Greg mentioned the TAM 37% from 2012 through 2016. Greg mentioned the TAM, you can see the revenue number. So aside from just ups and downs, we absolutely see a continued growth in the Americas and I think in conjunction with our distribution organization, we see growth in revenue synergies, frankly in the rest of the world. We're very excited about the acquisition. 
Gino Bonanotte: We're, we're really not in a position to disclose any elements of the, of the K right now, but I wouldn't suspect anything surprising in the K, as I said, we're in a better age backlog position and that extends to both a products and services. 
Gino Bonanotte: George one point of correction, managed support services is a part of the overall composition services is not 45 its actually 65 or two third of that revenue. 
Keith Housum: Good afternoon guys, thanks for taking my questions. Mind if I drill down more into the acquisition you guys announced today with Avigilon, in terms of like the current customer overlap that you guys had together and it is just taking you to new markets and what do you guys need to make this acquisition versus you know, your current technology. So, can you just provide some more color on those lines, that would be great.
Keith Housum: Just a little house keeping here, in terms of the share repurchase program that you guys have, obviously some cash news at the pension contribution and the Avigilon acquisition is there any thoughts in terms of what your share repurchase activity will be in FY'18. 
Keith Housum: Great make sense, and then if I seek one more here, R&D popped up here in the fourth quarter but that going forward or is just little more opportunity to invest in R&D this quarter versus what you expect for '18. 
Paul Silverstein: Thanks very much, I appreciate it. Greg if you can you remind us prior to the 100 plus million a quarter community and you're going to get some Avigilon, I trust video today is a fairly small -, but surveillance and analytics in total, what is the organic revenue to that. 
Paul Silverstein: I don’t know if this where to look but from a cursory look at the numbers, it looks like Avigilon doesn’t break out hardwares and software they do one number. Any insight you can share with us in terms of that revenue stream, you're going to be bringing on how much of that its software versus the body cams. 
Paul Silverstein: But one last question if I may, it seems to be going so well, in terms of the greatest variables levers for better or worse as you look at '18 and beyond, I trust it's on the revenue line. You have done such a good job with OpEx, and it sounds like gross margin there is not a lot of room either way. If in fact it is revenue, what would be the variables that could drive significant upside or downside in the most prominent ones. 
