Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thank you everybody for joining us today. First, let me start by just saying that Q1 was an exceptional start to the year. We achieved revenue and earnings per share above our guidance with revenue up 15% and earnings per share up 31% versus the prior year. We expanded operating margins by 470 basis points, and we had record Q1 orders, which led to record Q1 ending backlog of $14.1 billion, up 5% versus last year, inclusive of $372 million of unfavorable FX. Second, our outstanding Q1 performance was broad-based, with strong double-digit revenue growth in both segments, all three technologies and in both regions North America and international. Additionally, public safety and enterprise security remains more important than ever, which is driving demand for both our public safety and enterprise customers. And finally, based on our strong start to the year and continued robust demand, we’re raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full year. I’ll turn the call over to Jason to take you through results and outlook and then be back and return for some final thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. Let me just end with a few thoughts. First and foremost, our business remains very strong. We had record Q1 orders and achieved revenue above our expectations. We expanded operating margins by 470 basis points. We ended the quarter with our highest Q1 ending backlog ever, and our public safety and enterprise customers are continuing to prioritize our solutions to help communities safe, which is driving our increased top and bottom line guidance for the full year. Second, I want to highlight two recent announcements in our Video Security business. First, we made the decision to integrate our end-to-end fixed video portfolio, consolidating the majority of our fixed video solutions under two platforms: Avigilon Alta and Avigilon Unity. Alta is our cloud-native security suite, consolidating Openpath, and Ava Security, while Unity is our on-prem security suite, consolidating Avigilon and Indigo vision. This help streamline our go-to-market channels and further reinforces our vertical focus, particularly in government, but also education and healthcare, which combine those three now represent half of our video security revenues. Additionally, in our mobile video business, we launched our new V700-body-worn camera. The V700 is our first body-worn camera to provide broadband connectivity that facilitates integration with our market-leading in-car video solution, our Apex radios and our command center software, including live video streaming and location tracking through our aware product. And finally, our strong start to the year underlines the strength and resiliency of our business. The demand for our products and solutions that keep communities safe remains exceptionally strong. Our continued focus on cost management and inventory optimization, coupled with our previous modest pricing actions that we took earlier continues to drive margin expansion and our strong balance sheet and durable cash flows allow us to be opportunistic with the deployment of capital going forward to create long-term shareholder value. And with that, I’ll now turn it over to Tim and open it up for your questions.
Greg Brown: Sure, Tim. So on the second half, so you’ll recall that last year in the second half is when the pricing actions that we implemented really began to show up in the P&L, and those really helped last year’s growth and profitability expansion in the second half. So our position today, as we look at those 15% comps is that we’re still in a supply-constrained environment. We have lead times from our suppliers. We have expectations to grow and with opportunities ahead of us for the second half with the continued demand that we have. Where the pricing actions benefited us particularly in Q1 and expect similar for Q2 is last year’s comps in the first half did not include those same pricing actions. So as we start to enter July, we’re anniversary-ing those pricing actions and still expect growth on top of those.
Greg Brown: The demand from our customers remains very strong. Our backlog position is at a record level. And that includes backlog that customers are having to wait a bit longer than they’d like and we’re working through those delays in getting them products. With the results in Q1, we were able to attain a little bit better supply. We had a good quarter across LMR, Public Safety, had a good quarter with PCR. So we’re getting after this backlog position and fulfilling the customers demands, both the demand they placed on us in backlog is also the demand they place on us within the quarter. So – and our inventory position, if I shift to our balance sheet, has helped us mitigate a choppy supply environment, and we continue to be mindful of inventory and its utility in serving what remains a challenging supply environment. It’s been a helpful tool. And we do have expectations for inventory to reduce in the second half. That’s in our cash flow expectations, but it remains an important tool to navigate this environment.
Greg Brown: And on Rave, Rave has exceeded our initial expectations for performance. We see strong traction in education, especially higher ed, but also K-12. And as we previously talked about, Rave bridges enterprise security with public safety and with some of the initiatives that we have undertaken recently, we are making the bridge wider effectively allowing for more data and at a faster rate to go from enterprise security to public safety. So, two specific examples worth mentioning there, first, with every one of our new VESTA 911 orders, we are actually bundling Rave 911 suite. And what that includes is two-way texting, caller profile. This is information about individuals who perhaps need special assistance, facility info, which is blueprints a facility so that responders can respond with greater information as to what to see – what they will see when they get to the facility and very importantly, caller location. And that is going to be part of our Rave VESTA 911 offer going forward. The second is we are integrating more closely with our enterprise security solution. So, Orchestrate is a key enabler for that. And as part of our full Safety Reimagined program, we are bringing Rave much closer in terms of the ability to detect and the ability to alert using Rave alert and the ability to bridge into 911 as appropriate. So, those two together is really augmenting our path forward in terms of taking advantage of our strength in education, along with our presence with PSAPs.
Greg Brown: And backlog is up in the unfavorable FX to your other point of $370 million. By the way, the other thing, Sami, is even when we have a large product, much like the Air Force we talked about earlier on the call, it’s a $340 million 10-year order, only $11 million of that is logged in backlog. So, I like the composition and the duration of the backlog in addition to it being absolute and at record levels as we exit Q1.
Greg Brown: Sure. Thank you. Look, I would just say in closing, it was a great Q1, and I think it highlights the fact that what we do has never been more important. Both the demand environment and execution is strong. I am really proud of the people. I am really proud of our channel partners that achieved record Q1 orders, record Q1 backlog. Look, at the end of the day, as we exit Q1, I like our position. More importantly, I like our momentum. And then, again, this is despite the ongoing supply chain challenges that still have to sort of sell-through for the next several quarters. The fact is the intersection, as Mahesh talked about, of public safety and enterprise security, it’s critical. And we are building a safety and security technology ecosystem that connects public safety with private institutions, as you heard Jack reference in those key verticals. I couldn’t be more proud of this team. And I am optimistic and enthusiastic about the opportunity in front of us. I appreciate you joining, and I look forward to connecting up with you a quarter from now.
Jack Molloy: And Tim, specific to cross-sell, what I would do is highlight four specific verticals, starting with government. As we have attested to before, Government was a nascent business when we acquired Avigilon, we made subsequent acquisitions. But just to put it in context, we’ve kind of put the marker out there this year for a video security business that we would grow approximately 15%. We expect government to grow in the high teens. And we think we’ve got opportunities to move that. Specifically, I’d also call out healthcare, we’re really, really pleased. We won – we secured a $16 million deal with the large-scale hospital system. This was an add-on. And the beauty of that is they’re not only a video user, but they’re also a radio user. Education has been we’ve attested to the fact that numerous school systems are upgrading. Some are going with Avigilon Unity on prime systems, large-scale urban schools. But what we’re really seeing is acceleration of growth in the cloud there and the ability to do radio alert and integrate access control, LMR, our command center software product called Compass into school systems is a game changer. And then lastly is the industrial space, namely utilities. We’ve talked about the fact we’ve secured a large-scale utility in the past. We’ve done in the area of $50 million of utility. And I think as utilities start to fortify their power grids and their substations will have incremental cross-sell opportunities there, Tim. But I think the highlight is we tie it all into making sure that we incent our sales force to go and cross-sell, and that’s just part of the DNA now.
Jack Molloy: Yes. So George, I would say ARPA, anytime there’s federal stimulus dollars are conducive, and I would say, beneficial to the business. But to kind of put it in context, it’s approximately 5% of our orders in North America last year. And that’s not to diminish it, but I would take it to a higher level. I’ve actually gone and looked in Salesforce. It’s – they’ve contributed to deals that were secured, but they for the sole purpose of deals that were secured. I think at the end of the day, when you think about mission-critical communications or even a school, we think we’re in an area of prioritization in areas as we’ve said before, it’s a need to have, not a nice to have. So I think it’s generally conducive, but it’s – I wouldn’t necessarily say it’s the largest attributor to our success.
Jack Molloy: Sure, Meta. Maybe I will start with the APX NEXT, and Mahesh will speak to Rave. First of all, we are in the early innings, as we have said before. And I think it’s most important to point out that it’s a multiyear introduction for the APX NEXT. What typically happens is we have – we run the APX original and the APX NEXT line in tandem for the foreseeable future. In fact, to point that out 80% in Q1 of our device revenue was actually APX original. So, we have got a coexist and strong pipeline for both of them. We have got $410 million orders since we introduced the APX NEXT. But we have just recently, last fall, introduced the N-Series radio, which starts to fill in the portfolio and now we are bringing out international P25 units to bear that will be targeted in Australia, New Zealand and Israel. All-in, with the new product, what we are seeing is kind of high-single digit ASP increases as well.
Jack Molloy: Sami, I think I would address your inquiry. We have seen strong demand not only big deals, but also the usual type and profile of our business. And I would point to duration. While our backlog is up and at record levels, the duration of our backlog is similar to slightly better than it was last year and it was last quarter. So, not only are we growing backlog, the opportunities we have to convert that backlog within the year are slightly better. So, that’s one of the reasons that, again, with our expectations going up for the year, it’s driven by that backlog position.
Jack Molloy: Yes. I think a great example. I got a phone call yesterday, Sami, on that specific to a large-scale metropolitan school district. They had three finalists, two of the finalists were Avigilon Alta and Avigilon Unity. And I think that’s the power that we can meet a customer for their specific needs that no one else in the marketplace has today.
