Greg Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks everybody for joining us today. I'll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. Look, first, Q1 was a strong quarter and an excellent start to the year. We grew revenue 7%; ended the quarter with record backlog; we significantly expanded operating margins; we grew earnings; and we generated much higher cash flow. Second, I'm very pleased with our continued progress in Services. Our operational execution was strong, the Services segment growing double-digit this quarter including acquisitions, and we also acquired Interexport in Chile, adding a valuable managed services hub in Latin America. From a software perspective, we announced the planned acquisition of Kodiak Networks and hired Andrew Sinclair, a seasoned software executive, to lead our software efforts. Acquiring the Interexport and Kodiak assets demonstrate our continued commitment towards more recurring software and services revenue. And finally, we're thrilled to be part of the winning FirstNet team with AT&T. Our investments and innovation in public safety LTE include offerings of mobile applications, services, critically important LMR and LTE interoperability as well as next-generation devices. This FirstNet opportunity further validates our competitive position for both LMR and public safety LTE going forward. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q1 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino, and let me just close with a few brief thoughts. Q1 was a strong start to the year on both the top and bottom lines. We grew in the Americas and in Europe. We grew organically. We grew earnings, demonstrating our significant operating leverage and we also continue to invest in new services and software that leverage the global installed base of our durable core land mobile radios business. Second, I'm especially pleased with our public safety LTE position going forward. In addition to being part of the FirstNet award, we've also won all four of the largest global public safety LTE awards to-date. Our commitment and investment to public safety has positioned us well. And in closing, I'm very pleased with our Q1 performance. I like the strength of our competitive position, and I'm encouraged by our momentum going forward. I'll now turn the call back over to Chris.
Greg Brown: Sure. Well, look, we're especially pleased to hire Andrew from Skype, a seasoned executive. I think it's the next logical step for us as we formulate and shape a more cogent and significant software enterprise. I think, Pierre, embedded to your question is both software and services, and are pushed toward more recurring revenues in both software and services. Exiting last year, the recurring revenues in software and services were slightly higher than 25%. It would be our desire to finish this year with something north of that. I think you see us continuing to march forward on purposeful software acquisitions, whether it be in the Command Center with Software-as-a-Service with Spillman and Emergency CallWorks, or whether it's on the managed services side, both with Airwave a year ago and now Interexport in Chile. I think we will continue our march forward on more innovation, more software and services centricity and a greater percentage of our revenues over time being more recurring.
Greg Brown: So, Matt, in Q2, our 2% to 3% revenue guidance in constant currency is 4% to 5%, and the pound difference on the EPS line is worth $0.05. The last thing I'd just point to is the comment Gino made earlier that even with that, our first half, taking into account Q1 results and our guidance for Q2 today is slightly above the expectations that we had for the first half of the year on the last call.
Greg Brown: Well, first of all, we're thrilled to be on the winning team with AT&T. We've worked with them extensively for the last several quarters, well in excess of a year. I'll remind you that it took a long time. The middle-class jobs relate back (19:29) past five years ago. And I do complement the people at FirstNet and the team and Sue Swenson, because they did a hell of a job in a very complex thing to bring this to award. We're excited because this opportunity is all incremental to our core business. When we look at what it could include, it could include software and mobile applications. It could include services. I think the most critical piece will be the interoperability with the FirstNet network to interconnect and interoperate with our installed base of land mobile radio systems throughout the U.S. And it could include next-generation devices. We don't have any revenue in 2017. We haven't loaded any in 2018 yet. I think it's a bit too early, and it would be too early to guide or speculate. But we're thrilled to be working with AT&T, and obviously we will work more closely than ever with them going forward.
Greg Brown: Yeah. I think it's worth mentioning too. Molloy and his team had done a good job not only on devices, but in product in general, we mentioned backlog being at a record level. It's also worth noting Product backlog is up again and Product backlog is sitting at the highest level it's been in over four years. So, team executing well in addition to the strong Services growth.
Greg Brown: I think I view FirstNet as additive period for quite a long time. It's a data and video network for interoperable broadband that will interface with our narrowband mission-critical communications voice network. I think the big differences between a private network and a cellular network are things around coverage and capacity, cost and coverage. There's hardened encryption. There's so many different things that go into making a private, always on, reliable, secure, purpose-built network along with the devices that are very unique for the value proposition of public safety versus a FirstNet or a cellular type network. I think on devices, I see a scenario where people will wear two devices on their belt, a mission-critical communications radio and a next-generation device. We're well positioned to do that. To the extent, to your point, that may evolve over time because today every first responder in the U.S. or just about everyone, police officer, and they have two devices today. They have a radio for mission-critical communications voice and they have a smartphone over a carrier network that provisions 4G broadband today. We see that scenario replicating, in which case, that second new device is greenfield opportunity for us. If those devices merge over time and at some point in the future, we're better positioned than anybody given the domain expertise, the latency and the demand requirements around public safety to provide the integrated device. But if that happens, I see that is a long way off. So, FirstNet we see as purely incremental, Tim.
Greg Brown: So, Tavis, as it relates to Kodiak, it's not contemplated in the guidance. Having said that, we expect it to close Q3, Q4 and it is immaterial either way in its revenue contribution this year. I think the approximately 2% annual revenue guidance that we're providing I would consider measured and prudent. We still expect organic growth for the full year, but it's very important for us to continue the drumbeat of meet or beat quarter after quarter. So, I think that's incorporated into the full year guidance outlook.
Greg Brown: I think the product backlog is primarily driven by devices. We've had one of our best quarters ever. In fact, I think it was our largest device quarter ever in Q4 of 2016. So, the execution by Molloy's team worldwide on devices remain strong. Having said that, it's worth noting that networks and systems provide the catalyst for driving multi-year managed and support services growth for the long-term. So, I think our device execution has been strong. But as we sell more networks, that's really the catalyst and the foundational bedrock to provide multi-year managed and support services growth as well, and I think the team is doing a good job on both right now.
Greg Brown: I'm not sure if I understood the question. We can provide content independent of the band that the carrier makes available to public safety. I'm not sure if I answered your question, Keith.
Greg Brown: So, when the service is launched, AT&T will not have deployed Band Class 14. And they can put to use all of their consumer bands that exist today. Later, and over time, they'll build out Band Class 14 nationwide and then that band will additionally be used by public safety, additionally and primarily used by public safety, but they will have the ability to offer all bands available today to public safety as soon as the FirstNet service is launched.
Greg Brown: M&A, I don't think anything has changed. We continue to march forward with the prioritization around software and services as we've talked about, Command Center software, managed and support services, things and areas that reinforce our platform and solution orientation. Our capital allocation framework hasn't changed. So, I think we talked about 600 million for the full year being fungible and available for either share repurchase or M&A that we found attractive or accretive. I don't think that's changed. We did purchase $178 million of shares in Q1 at a price of 80, 82 (36:39) because we thought that was the sound use of capital. So, I think we continually think in terms of capital return to the shareholder as well as M&A, and we'll look to optimize that every quarter going forward.
Greg Brown: So, there is really no change in our outlook for 2017. Again, strong backlog, strong order performance in Q1, and very solid aging for the remainder of the year versus last year. Q1 was relatively flat in Products, following Q4 at 9% growth. So, we continue to see healthy demand across all our Product categories, and really confirms the durability and longevity of LMR. That, in addition with our Services backlog, multiple year 10 to 15-year service contracts again confirm the durability of LMR.
Greg Brown: Yeah. In terms of the second one first, I mean I don't want to speak for AT&T, they're the prime contractor. They'll take the lead and the pace and scope that they end up rolling out and delivering is really their decision working with the individual states. As I mentioned, we don't expect anything this year. Nothing is built into next year at the moment. I think it's steady as she goes and we have to evaluate all the activities and what ultimately happens and gets decided between now and the end of the year, how that maps into activity for 2018. In terms of visibility, our aged backlog is higher at this point for the balance of the year than it was a year ago. I think that we've got pretty good visibility into the business. We worked with a six-quarter rolling forecast with Jack Molloy and all the field general managers. As it relates to demand in the U.S., the Americas in Q1 grew 3%. North America was 2% of that. If you were to dimensionalize the U.S. Federal business as a segment within North America, we expect it to be comparable this year over last year about $500 million, but I think the business is performing in a more balanced way, and we grew in every region in Q1. Asia Pac was flat, but we have growth in the others and it is conceivable all feeders can grow for the balance of 2017. So it's more balanced, and that's embedded in the guidance we provided.
Greg Brown: I think, Andrew, that's a better question for the customer than for us. Obviously, we provide Airwave today for the 300,000-plus first responders there with 99% coverage. ESN recently, as Bruce mentioned, was delayed nine months. They continue to work through their own targets, their own issues, and quite frankly, their own internal discussions around timing and feature functionality. In parallel to that, we're meeting all the application requirements and deliverable requirements around what's required for Motorola Solutions to deliver for ESN. So that's really up to them. We're providing Airwave. In parallel, we're meeting the milestones and deliverables for ESN. Ultimately, what they decide and when and how to deploy which or optimize whatever mix, we stand ready to serve them in whatever they determine, but that's their call.
Greg Brown: Well, in the HYT litigation, first of all, it's important to say that we're very confident in our case. We take really seriously the protection of our IP and protection of both the cost and the efforts around our innovation. And quite frankly, the HYT case is pretty compelling and reflects their systematic, egregious and illegal behavior. I'm especially pleased that the ITC formally launched their investigation at the end of April into HYT's unfair trade practices. We think that's appropriate. So, very confident on the merits of our position against that litigation. Yes, there's some incremental cost, but that's incorporated into both the Q2 and full year guidance that we've provided.
Greg Brown: China, I think, we expect our revenues in 2017 to be down against full China revenues in 2016, and we'll continue to manage that accordingly. China is about 3% of our revenue. And China has demonstrated a consistent and increasing preference for indigenous providers, which changes the landscape and continues to change the landscape there for us. But I think we've thought about it and we anticipate declining revenue from China that's built into our outlook.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yes, Pierre. This is Gino. Managed services did grow year-over-year, as we said, excluding Airwave, up 8%. If we exclude Spillman and Interexport, managed and support services grew 4% in the quarter.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure, Matt. This is Gino. So, in Q2, we mentioned in the prepared comments that part of it is the FX impact year-over-year of Airwave. We also have a project mix within Q2 versus the prior year. The headwinds in gross margin in Q2 are temporary. The Airwave-related FX impact diminishes in Q3 and Q4. And with respect to expenses, we continue to expect OpEx to be down year-over-year. On the last call, we guided to approximately $20 million to $25 million. Now our expectation with the addition of the acquisition OpEx is for OpEx to be down about $10 million to $15 million for the full year.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah, Colin (21:09). And this is Gino. The first thing we should articulate is that our expectation of gross margin for the year has not changed. And the Q2, as we described it as specific to Q2, there is no underlying trend and no change in expectation for full year margins.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yes. This is Gino again, Colin (23:21). The impact of Interexport is approximately $50 million for the full year and the non-GAAP EPS impact is approximately $0.03 for 2017.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And Tavis, with respect to operating cash flow, the guidance for the full year was approximately $1.225 billion. We continue to expect that to be our operating cash flow number for the full year. We don't give forward guidance on the quarters as that moves around a little bit, but we continue to expect $1.225 billion for the full year.
Gino A. Bonanotte: ...and support services. Really no comment on integration services. That matches infrastructure deployments, and it kind of goes along with infrastructure deployments but no specific comments on integration services. Clearly, we're very pleased with the continued performance in managed and support services, continuing to grow mid-single digits recurring revenue, but no real commentary. Nothing really to comment on in Q1 with respect to systems integration.
Jack P. Molloy: Hey, Colin (21:56). It's Jack Molloy. So, with respect to Nødnett and LA-RICS, we have been obviously selling them devices in an ongoing manner. I will tell you just in general, as we look at North America and rest of world, our device business continue to remain very solid. And I think that's a key point. We've invested from a go to market perspective in sales analytics. So, we've a real good sense of where legacy equipment is, and we've done a really good job in terms of analytics and getting after our legacy customer base as well as a competitive customer base to move them to APX in terms of ASTRO our next-generation TETRA devices in Europe and Asia.
Jack P. Molloy: In terms of the content that we could provide, I think it would be similar, software and applications and some services as well. I would also point out, as Greg mentioned earlier, interoperability between LTE and LMR is a major opportunity that is in place in the UK and we would expect to be in place in North America as well. On top of that, devices would be another area that we would expect to enjoy some business as FirstNet gets up and rolling.
Jack P. Molloy: I think we're continuing to work closely with AT&T, and quite frankly, we're finalizing the individual buckets and the opportunities around each one.
Jack P. Molloy: Okay. Sure, Brian. Hi, it's Jack. I think we'll start with just to kind of reiterate, Greg just talked about, first of all, I'll start with the federal government. I would say, first of all, as he said it's comparable to 2016, but there are some things that we're hearing from our sales team that could be beneficial. Namely, the supplemental budget that's in play right now includes additional funding for both border security and defense. So, as we think about those from a demand driver, we think that could be beneficial here as we work our way through 2017. From a state and local perspective, Brian, we've been really pleased with the performance. Really going back to 2015, the performance has been strong. State and local budgets, particularly as they apply to public safety, and that's important because there's a stickiness to public safety funding given the crime patterns that we see throughout the U.S. right now, they remain solid. Spoke to it earlier, device business remains solid as well as infrastructure. And I think the important thing there is, infrastructure as well as the managed and support services that those sales drive. So that's also been good. The third element, and Greg made reference to it last quarter, is the commercial markets. So, we've increased our hiring of sales head count effective, really early 2015 and that's starting to obviously yield dividends for us and think about that in terms of the utility marketplace, oil and gas marketplace, and most recently we've made incremental hires in terms of transportation logistics and manufacturing. And we've seen both of those markets in the U.S. start to yield PCR like system sales for us. So, all in, if we think about those three elements in North America, the demand drivers look very positive for us.
Jack P. Molloy: Hey, Ben. It's Jack. I'll take a swing at this. So, first of all, when you think about state and local budgets and that's really what we're talking about as we start to look to FirstNet, there's two separate funding budgets actually. Typically with state and local with the systems and the devices, those are public safety operational budgets that would be kind of more deemed to be traditionally CapEx budgets, meaning every year they've got a certain amount that they buy radios with. It's not unlike that they have funding to buy Ford Explorers or anything different. Now if you take a side piece of that, really over the course of the last 5 to 6, maybe 10 years, we've seen funding that's actually gone to fund the operational expense of data devices, and that's really the funding that'll start to come in play. And by the way, it hasn't been just AT&T. So, really AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, and to a smaller extent, T-Mobile, have really competed for that operational expense budget, the cell phone type data devices. Historically, used to be BlackBerries now moving to more iPhone, Android type devices. That budget's resident today. So, I think that budget will be what people look to move on in terms of FirstNet and getting data subscribers.
Bruce Brda: Sure, Tim. This is Bruce Brda. Thanks for the question. Let me start by saying, we continue to hit the deliverables we have for software applications, the build-out at data centers. And in that process, we're leveraging a lot of the expertise in physical assets we acquired with the Airwave acquisition. As you know, the Public Accounts Committee did a review, actually two reviews, two reports on the Airwave to ESN transition. And following the first report, the transition date, start of transition was moved from September of 2017 to mid-2018. The other piece of news that I would highlight is, Vodafone network that provides core ring connectivity between the cores within the Airwave network is being shutdown. At the end of Q1 2020, we're working with the Home Office to determine if there will be a gap between that time and ESN. And we're confident we can create a solution to provide longevity to the Airwave network for as long as UK Home Office needs it.
Bruce Brda: Sure. This is Bruce Brda. First of all, push-to-talk over cellular has been around for a long time and you can even go back two decades with Nextel. But with LTE-based service, the capacity has been out there in the network for four, five, six years with most carriers. There are a number of issues, though, with respect to the standards that need to continue to be enhanced to provide true mission-critical support for public safety. One that I would point out is direct mode operation. In most public safety environments at a incident scene, public safety will often switch to a direct mode operation. That doesn't exist in the LTE standards today. So, as one example, that would need to be solved and that needs to go through standards and then ripple through the ecosystem being built into chips, being built into products and then deployed into the market. So there's quite a long process that needs to take place before you could ever get to true mission-critical public safety grade LTE for push-to-talk services.
Bruce Brda: Not that have been investigated in the standards process to-date. One way that has been discussed is actually to carry two devices LMR to provide the direct mode but that doesn't really meet the objective of a replacement. It means you're going to continue to use two devices. But we participate in the standards in every aspect of the 3GPP standards especially around mission-critical operation and we're not aware of a great solution for this that will be available in the foreseeable future.
