Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q2 was another outstanding quarter of revenue growth and cash generation. We grew 18% with organic growth of 6%, led by another very strong performance in the Americas. Additionally, we generated $425 million of operating cash during the quarter. Second, our outlook. We're raising both, revenue and EPS guidance for the full year, including $40 million of unfavorable currency impact since our last update. And finally, we ended the quarter with backlog of $9.4 billion, up 11% from last year, which is our highest backlog ever posted at the end of a second quarter. This strong backlog position coupled with our Avigilon acquisition provides excellent momentum for the remainder of 2018 and beyond. And now, I'll turn the call over to Gino to provide additional operational details on Q2 results and outlook before returning for a few – some closing thoughts.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few final thoughts. First, our Q2 results were outstanding. The 6% organic growth and record Q2 ending backlog were driven by the continued demand for our LMR platforms, which now total approximately 13,000 systems worldwide. Second, the Avigilon acquisition is exceeding our expectations with Q2 growth in the high-teens and is supported by a growing addressable market that's now approximately $12 billion, excluding China. Additionally, I'm encouraged by our progress in bringing Avigilon into new routes to market with our government direct sales team and our existing MSI channel partners, many of which historically sold competitive video products. And finally, our Services and Software segment has been an area of significant focus. We've expanded our services installed base and we're building the only end-to-end public safety command center platform in the industry. I expect Services and Software to continue to grow at a faster rate than Products and Systems Integration. The Services and Software segment is now basically – it's effectively a proxy for recurring revenue going forward. And finally, I expect to drive meaningful operating margin expansion in this segment in 2019 and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Chris.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah, Walter, how are you doing? As it relates to Hytera, first of all, we're very pleased with the progress on Hytera. We won a court ruling in the ITC in July and we recently won a ruling in Germany and Mannheim federal court for patent infringement. As you probably know, just a few weeks ago, less than 10 days ago, we filed an additional copyright infringement lawsuit, which basically is effectively than copying source codes. So, we will hold them accountable. We will do whatever we need to do to protect our IP and we feel very good about the progress we're making. We haven't sized, to your specific question, the potential upside. It's worth noting there's nothing in 2018 that's been modeled as potential upside and ultimately what's decided. We also have a pending lawsuit in Düsseldorf, where our General Counsel, Mark Hacker, is there now. And we have a lawsuit against them in Australia. What I will say is our PCR business, which is where we compete with them head to head, is growing robustly. I think Molloy's team domestically and internationally continue to take ground and maybe that's a byproduct of that. I don't know but that's my view on Hytera. In terms of acquisitions, we'll continue to keep an eye out on the services' side and the video side. You've probably heard me refer to we're always looking for "many Airwaves". There might be one or two that materialize this year, hard to say, but we're always looking given our scale economies and what we've done under Kelly Mark to see if we can add more for expanded earnings and operating margin. So, we'll continue to evaluate accordingly.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah, Vijay. On organic growth constant currency, our view remains unchanged for the full year. We've talked about it being about 4% for the full year. Actually, given where we are through the strong first half and our guidance contemplated in the second half, it's probably slightly higher than that on an annual basis for organic growth constant currency. So, we feel pretty good with that. And that's in the face of growing backlog, so I think that that combination is a good one.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. I mean I'll let Jack – Avigilon is going ahead of our business plan, internally ahead of our expectations. I think Jack and team have done a very good job. It's all about getting them new routes to market. They have a world-class product, 800 plus patents, a great patent portfolio. And the combination gives them exposure to state and local public safety, expanded commercial markets. The federal business, which I think could be quite substantial, probably our largest opportunity at least in the near term. And I think it's going well.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. Tim, first of all, on Q3 guidance, it's very important to note that the majority of the unfavorable FX is in Q3, number one. Number two, most importantly, the U.S. Federal close falls in Q4 this year, not Q3. So, I think a better way that's more informative to look at the firm is the second half and the first half and not Q3 specifically given the federal close is going to fall in Q4 for us. On Services and Software, as Gino and I have already mentioned, I think that there's a meaningful operating margin improvement in 2019 and beyond. I think – we're looking for something more like 30% operating margins or close to 30% operating margins for 2019. And I don't think there's any reason to stop there on that segment. And on the Products' side, we'll continually work on that front too.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. On the first one, I mentioned focusing on Services and Software driving towards significant operating margin expansion, kind of, as a marker for 2019 getting closer to 30% operating margins. I think to your point, Paul, that will come out of a combination of AGM, above gross margin, and OpEx. But our belief is that the opportunity, probably in that segment, is more on the gross margin side. As it relates to Airwave, we continue to make, I think, good progress. We still anticipate agreement by the end of the quarter. I think it's worth noting that we're now negotiating both Airwave and ESN agreements in tandem. And while term and conditions are still fluid, our view and my view is unchanged. I think Airwave will stay – be in place many, many years beyond 2020. And ESN is now looking to be more like a standards-based Kodiak solution. And I think both those developments are good for us. And I think at the end of the day, the UK Home Office solution between those two will look more and more like FirstNet here in the States. I think at the end of the day there's a few ingredients in the blender if you will that we'll take under consideration, there's political, there's practical, there's financial, and we'll evaluate all of those with the customer to make sure that we ensure the best agreement for our company.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. I think it's a couple of things. Mainly, Andrew Sinclair has talked about and he mentioned this at the Financial Analyst Meeting that while we're the only ones building an end-to-end platform there, we have the opportunity to build an integrated suite. And as a result of different acquisitions we've made, we've had some duplicative R&D. And we have to, at the end of the day, platform that comprehensive solution. As he does that over the next 12 to 24 months, I think there's margin improvement associated with that. The second is what you mentioned. I think there's continued scale opportunities on the services' side, not only in back-office delivery as we optimize and add additional managed services contracts, but I think we can and will do a better job more efficiently on field deployment as well. So, those are the biggest opportunities that present themselves, and Jack and Kelly and Andrew and Bruce have identified those and are beginning to work those now.
Gregory Q. Brown: We don't have a target. Obviously, we'd like to see it grow. But quite frankly, both segments are important and we anticipate growth in both segments continually. My assumption around operating margin improvement in – let's just take 2019 – doesn't necessarily assume any dramatic difference in contribution of the 32%. I think we can get after its existing stream now and get better flow through on the P&L.
Gregory Q. Brown: Ben, we are – I mean, I think that typically if we look at it, it was early 2010, 2011, 2012. I mean, it was really a three to four year kind of period where different customers depending on their planning made investments. So, we think there are – we think there's opportunities. And obviously through our Know Your Customer and data-driven sales initiatives we've run, we've been in front of those customers. The thing that the sales teams also excited for is as Bruce and his team have made investments and we've got some portfolio expansion underway, which we're actually excited about as we look into 2019.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah, Jim. And the answer to your first question, no. What you referenced on FirstNet and subsidies doesn't affect the way we are modeling the business or thinking about FirstNet either this year or beyond. By the way, FirstNet revenue contribution was virtually zero again for us in Q2 as it was in Q1. I think that the kind of subscriber that we were looking for hasn't materialized there. That's fine. A lot of the FirstNet users that are incrementally coming on board are using commercial push to talk over cellular in the form of Kodiak, which is supplied by us. So that's a good thing. But – and also I think even as AT&T referenced, some of the early users of FirstNet were already existing AT&T users that are switching over to a FirstNet plan. So, we don't see material growth in FirstNet to-date and our expectations for the full year in 2018 are minimal.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, we don't know. Ultimately, we'll see how the agreement plays out. I think the discussions with the customer remain ongoing. There could be different terms with different financial contributions that we continue to weigh back and forth with them. But our view is completely unchanged that we think that network will be in for a very, very long time beyond 2020. And as I referenced, we made also great progress on ESN and what the customers call the re-plan or the reset, which I think will be a standards-based solution vis-à-vis Kodiak. By the way, with that extension of Airwave, obviously, there'll be device opportunities that are contemplated. And given the fact that Airwave will be in for much longer, Jack's team has already engaged in conversations with the customer this year and I'm sure that will go into next year for device refresh because of the new understanding that Airwave will be extended.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I think at the end of the day, if I were to answer that, it would really be speculative because we're still in discussion with the customer. But I would expect in the not too distant future a matter of months to be able to provide the clarity, both around the term and the financial contribution associated with it. And we feel – I'd just say this – we feel very good about where we are in the planning cycle.
Gregory Q. Brown: Keith, we are. I think we are seeing some revenue synergies. I'd caution the one thing as we talked about, laid out in the front and even when we first made the acquisition, we felt like our biggest synergy was going to be in the U.S. Federal Government and it's the U.S., state, local governments. And I'd just mind you the sales cycle on those things, as I just noted, is minimally a 12 month kind of sales cycle. And so work done, pipeline being built. By the way, incremental sales investment that we think was needed subject matter expertise in public safety, it's underway. So that's the first thing. The second thing was our North America channel. We got to, obviously, have a very strong and proud channel, many of which carry competitive video solutions. So, we're now working with those channel partners, obviously, to go and bring Avigilon into their portfolio. And obviously with the loyal relationship that we've had with those, we actually are starting to see not only some opportunities but some deals that have been closed, that are Enterprise-like deals that will close a little quicker than the larger government solutions that we're working on.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. Well, I mean, there is – as you referenced – the Authorization Act was approved by the House and Senate, it's awaiting the President's signature. It's clearly a positive. But I think the most important is the country and the government's doing the right thing from a national security and intellectual property protection standpoint. There's companies that are named specifically in there. We haven't modeled anything this year or next year, but I'm heartened and pleased that the government is taking these steps. And I think there'll be procurement guidelines and grant prohibitions around how Chinese electronic companies are purchased and/or deployed and what they're eligible for from a grant standpoint, that's in the NDAA, that I think is positive for us. But most importantly, I think from a national security standpoint, the country is doing the right thing.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. Each of the individual applications call taking, CAD, records and councils, have typically been refreshed at different cycles in the past, which is really I think plays into our hand. So, as long as we're in with one and we're in with one in more than 70% of the PSAPS across the U.S., we have the ability as the refresh cycles for the individual applications come due to participate. And those I don't think there's any hindrance in those refresh cycles. It's not a funding issue. It's just an evolution or cycle that we have to let pass to be able to participate for the upgrades sleeve-by-sleeve in the command center.
John P. Molloy: Yeah, Greg. I think the only thing I'd follow on to that is the thing, Vijay, we've been most impressed with their speed of product deliverables. I mean they came out with anomaly detection here in the last 60 days. There's more to follow, so good news there. And I think as Greg said, our fundamental role is to bring them scale, to bring them coverage not only in North America as Greg said with the federal, state, and local business, but as we look to our international distribution partners, our international sales teams in places like the UK, bring them incremental scale in terms of routes to market. And that's really been the full focus here in the last 90 days.
John P. Molloy: Yeah, Kyle. So – this is Jack. So, they've announced Avigilon Blue, which you referenced is a cloud-based solution. Early days, we've had success obviously starting to sign-up customers. I think the interesting thing with Avigilon Blue is we actually believe it will open up new opportunities into the small- and medium-sized business. So not – think of it not as cannibalistic to their existing business – but actually customer expansion in terms of its opportunity and what we can deliver.
John P. Molloy: Ben, this is Jack. First of all, good question. There's two things. One of the reasons we've made the acquisitions in the command center and the organic R&D investments we've made is because we looked at that as being a distinct and additive funding stream to our customers. We didn't necessarily play in the 9-1-1 funding space before. So, as you start to drill that down in any particular project, typically these command center – 9-1-1, radio console, computer-aided dispatch – are around a two year selling cycle. Typically, they would – sometimes they'll write it homegrown – oftentimes they'll hire a consultant. They'll put it out for RFP. They'll down select into maybe two, sometimes three vendors, at which time we'll go through a demonstration. After the demonstration, there's typically anytime – anywhere between a three- to six-month process whereby they make an award decision, negotiate a contract and then have to take it to a county board. So all in, you're typically looking at a two-year sales cycle, but the important thing for us was it was incremental to government capital budgets. It's 9-1-1 money, which was new money that we had no ability to compete for in the past.
John P. Molloy: Yeah. So, Sami, it's really we kind of looked at is we had a multitude of products in the command center. We've now moved to where we're selling coupled solutions. And we've had very good success, particularly with the Emergency CallWorks and the Spillman acquisition that are really kind of mid-tier cities. And we've had in the twenties where we've gone in and sold those things as coupled solutions in the U.S. alone. As Bruce and team start to build that into a platform, that's where we start to have multiple opportunities within given years within the same customer. So, it's really an evolution for us in the command center, but I think we've got the right focus, resource, and we've seen early wins, particularly with the acquisitions as I laid out with Emergency CallWorks and Spillman.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And Tim, we certainly expect comparable gross margins in 2018 versus the prior year, and we expect that to continue.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah, Adam. It certainly still stands. We feel incrementally better about the $1.4 billion, and historically that's been our conversion, to over 100% of net income.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And Jim, this is Gino. With respect to the new segment reporting, really, many reasons behind it. Really the idea, when we talk to services, historically, it was a combination of managed and support services and systems integration and they're two very different things with different margin profiles and invariably with the discussion centered on managed and support services. So, the effort is to be clearer about the new Services and Software is overwhelmingly recurring, clearer about our recurring revenue business versus the one-time Products and Systems Integration business and the different operating margin profile associated with each one of them.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And, William, on the segment reporting, well, we won't dimensionalize subsegment what we have talked about the relationship between software and services within the segment if software being approximately $400 million for the full year. And you can think about that as the starting point in the new Services and Software segment.
