Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. So first, our strong Q2 results. We continue to build momentum in the second quarter, posting revenue growth of 5% and earnings per share growth of 9%. We grew in both Products and Services. We grew organically and we grew backlog, primarily driven by systems demand in North America. Our land mobile radio business continues to lead the way as both public safety and commercial customers continue to demand always on private, secure, resilient and redundant mission-critical voice communications. Second, our guidance; we're raising our full year guidance for both revenue and earnings per share based on our first half results and the ongoing demand visibility. We now expect full-year revenue growth of 3% to 4% with higher earnings per share, as we continue to see strong demand across the globe for land mobile radio products and services. And finally, our investments in software, we announced our intent to acquire Airbus DS Communications, also known as PlantCML, which strengthens our suite of command center solutions for agencies of all sizes. Our command center software will improve the way our customers operate and provide critical intelligence across public safety workflows, from first responders in the field to operations staff at the command center. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on our Q2 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with a few thoughts. First, with an excellent start to the year and continued demand visibility, we expect to grow in all regions. And we are well-positioned for strong full year performance that's now reflected in our higher revenue and EPS guidance. Second, we continue to see customers invest in land mobile radio for the long term. North America Products revenue grew in 2015, again in 2016, and again in the first half of this year. Over that same time period, North America Products backlog has grown nearly $400 million. This solid ongoing demand speaks to the criticality and value of our LMR platform for mission-critical communications and confirms the coexistence of LMR and LTE over the long term. And finally, with the planned acquisition of Airbus DS, we're building what we believe is the most comprehensive command center suite in the industry, covering the critical workflows of call taking, dispatch, records management and crime analytics. As I look into the future of public safety, I'm pleased with our position and I'm pleased with our momentum. We're leveraging our LMR systems installed base, while simultaneously building incremental and complementary platforms for the command center and public safety LTE, which together, I think provide the foundation for continued growth, cash generation, earnings expansion and shareholder return over the long term. And I'll now turn it back over to Chris.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. So, we're obviously pleased, most recently, with the Airbus DS PlantCML applications. We like the size of the addressable market for the command center. And what's included in that, whether it's 911 call taking, CAD dispatch, real-time analytics, records management, and as you pointed out, we have been steady – had a steady drumbeat of inorganic acquisitions to build out that suite. I think as we continue to make progress for the rest of this year and into next year, we'll complete what I think is the most comprehensive suite in the industry. We had Andrew Sinclair join the firm about four months ago. We feel good about his capabilities, his expertise and what he'll build and bring to us over time. I think that the most likely thing, Matt, we'll do is progress through the end of this year and probably do a pretty comprehensive review of the software business at our financial analyst meeting, which we anticipate will be Q1 of next year. Taking a step back, though, as we emphasize both software and management support services and what that could mean to us from a recurring revenue stream, just this past quarter in Q2, 29% of our overall revenue was recurring, which is a favorable trend, and we feel good about our ability to build on it.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, feel good about the relationship with AT&T. We're pleased, as Gino mentioned in his remarks that all states have opted in. By the way, Michigan opted in just an hour ago, I think, representing the 9th state and 10th, including the U.S. Virgin Islands overall. So we have an agreement signed that was new since the last earnings call with AT&T. I think we can monetize this relationship in software and mobile apps, services interoperability between LTE and LMR, which I mentioned I think will coexist over the long term, as well as devices. We view the FirstNet opportunity as incremental. We don't count on any revenue this year. I mentioned a couple of months ago an estimate of about $40 million to $60 million for next year. I think for now, that's fine. We'll update you by the end of the year. But again, while states are opting in, there's a long way to go between now and the end of the year. And the ultimate success of FirstNet will depend on the actual penetration or loading of subscribers that switch from an existing wireless carrier over to FirstNet. And time will tell. But we feel very good about our portfolio and uniqueness in the space and the agreement with AT&T.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, taking the second part first, we feel pretty good about the demand for land mobile radio. And obviously, it's pretty strong this quarter. We had an exceptionally strong Q4 of last year with Products revenue growing 9%. But as I mentioned, North America, which is two-thirds of the company's revenue, the demand has been pretty steady. 2015, 2016, the first half of this year, Product backlog, which is a reasonable indicator for visibility going forward, up about $400 million around – from a North America perspective over the same 10 quarters and the thing that I'm particularly pleased about in Q2 is the systems demand. So when these land mobile radio platforms or systems go in, they're going in for the long term, which you will then load with subscriber devices, which you'll then add to it with agencies and secondary and tertiary users and they typically go in with 10-year and 15-year maintenance agreements. So I think the demand has been pretty steady. I think also part of it is Molloy's team has been pretty consistent in execution. Latin America has gone from a negative to a positive and the team down there has done a very nice job. In EMEA, under new leadership in Mark Schmidl doing a very good job, new leadership in the channel organization, changes we've made, better execution. So I think it's a combination of demand being steady and strong around the globe, led by North America from a system standpoint and strong execution from the worldwide sales team.
Gregory Q. Brown: A couple of things. PlantCML, the Airbus acquisition, we expect to close at the end of the year. So there's nothing in 2017. Kodiak will not close yet and not in our guidance. It's pretty insignificant to the balance of 2017. It's not material and won't move it much. In terms of PlantCML, what I would point to is the revenue for 2016 was a little bit more than $100 million. So that's a reasonable reference point as you incorporate that into your thinking. Overall, again, to an earlier question I had, we like this space a lot. I mean, we leverage the land mobile radio systems installed base we have. But we're also building a pretty significant software platform, which involves a variety of acquisitions and at the moment, point solutions. I think over time, we can platform that business, integrate the software applications into a more comprehensive suite led by Andrew Sinclair. And I think the addressable market for the command center is a sizable one for us to pursue. So it makes sense for us to build that platform along with the public safety LTE platform as well.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, Stan. No, as I mentioned, I think the demand – I'm very pleased with our demand, both as represented in revenue and backlog, led by North America and over the past several quarters. I saw the note that you referenced around land mobile radio licensing decline, I think there's a few things to note from a clarification standpoint. I'm not surprised by it at all, but at the same token, number one, a large number of customers are converting to P25 TDMA. That has a 2-to-1 spectral efficiency. So you'll literally need half the license than you previously would need as you move to upgrade to a more efficient P25 TDMA deployment. In addition to that, number two, we're seeing more customers increase state-wide and region-wide deployments, taking advantage of the 700 megahertz frequency. The impact is the same. I mean, demand, if anything, continues to go up for LMR. But the actual system or license, spectrum licenses could decline because the systems are spread over new bands and they're much more spectrally efficient. So – and the last thing I'd mention is I know that that referenced a spike period of several years ago associated with narrowband. So while I think it's interesting, I do not think it's a good proxy or a correlation to use to judge the demand for our land mobile radio business, in particular, P25, because all systems are green and over a sustainable period of time and through the second half of this year.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I think there's a couple of things to note. There's a difference between push-to-talk over cellular and mission-critical push-to-talk over cellular. I think the demand that we're seeing for land mobile radio systems and product backlog, along with these customers buying brand-new systems with 10-year and 15-year maintenance, speaks to what they think firsthand, North America-led, U.S.-led on the criticality, durability and longevity of land mobile radio here. I think that you'll read and hear things about other push-to-talk solutions. The confusing thing is some people call it mission-critical push-to-talk, whether they reference it in 3GPP release 13 or 14 or now they're talking about release 15. But I don't think it changes what we're seeing, which is continued strong demand for P25 systems, U.S. led. The last thing I'd mentioned is, we now have won five of the largest public safety LTE awards in the world, Los Angeles, FirstNet as a subcontractor to AT&T, the UK Home Office in the form of ESN; and two countries in the Middle East. And what we see in all of those cases, five out of five is continued strong investment, either upgrading or in some cases, brand-new land mobile radio, which speaks to the coexistence and the expectation by our customers that public safety LTE will be data focused and video focused, while mission-critical voice will continue to be provisioned over P25.
Gregory Q. Brown: Let's take the second one first. I'm not sure what you're referencing when you say sidestepping. We have agreements with AT&T, both on the product side and on the distribution side. They both have been signed, and we're pleased with the relationship. And we have a shoulder-to-shoulder relationship with AT&T. We feel very good about to pursue FirstNet opportunities. You're right that we have, I think, unparalleled direct sales coverage on these public safety agencies throughout the United States. I think that's a large part of why AT&T was interested in partnering with us, not just the technology and the innovation that Motorola Solutions brings, but the go-to-market expertise and the deep domain expertise and relationships that we've cultivated over the last several decades.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, I see what you're saying. Well, I think a couple of things. The point of clarification, we're trying to provide you to kind of chalk the field is the $40 million to $60 million for next year. Going beyond that, I think isn't worthwhile because we have to see the traction, penetration and subscriber loading. We don't disaggregate the detail, to your point, around how we monetize software, mobile apps, services, interoperability, what we charge for competitive reasons. And a disclosure standpoint, we want to maintain our edge in what we provide and not disclose what we don't need to. But we'll competitively bid and enthusiastically go head-to-head against anybody we need to. Well, I'm not trying to hide anything. I'm just suggesting that we're trying to give you the best estimate around revenue in the $40 million to $60 million without taking you through the disaggregation of each bucket, which I don't think is as meaningful. But again, I'd point to you the most important is actually the penetration and subscriber loading. And while nine states have opted in, we're waiting on 41 others. So there's still, I think, a lot of wood to chop between now and the end of the year. And I think we'll have perhaps more layers of clarity that you may like as we get into the beginning of next year.
Gregory Q. Brown: The other nice thing about Managed & Support Services is on a constant-currency basis, it grew 7% in Q2. So we continue to believe that Managed & Support Services will grow at a faster rate than Product. And I think Kelly, Mark and his team are doing a nice job on that front.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah, I think a couple of things. Let's take the second one first. We talked about low-to-mid single-digit revenue growth all in over the long term. You're right as these incremental opportunities, whether it be public safety LTE or public safety LTE and command center software, I think as they get more traction and land mobile radio continues to be pretty solid and predictable, we move – yes, we have the opportunity to move more toward the right goalpost in that regard. How do I feel about growth overall? I feel pretty good about it referenced in the fact that we're taking the full year up to 3% to 4%. I feel good about it because it's underpinned by higher aged backlog. I feel good about it when I look at the desegregation of the segments and some of the key metrics we look at. I feel good about organic growth on a constant-currency basis in Q2 being 4%. And we're not going to guide for 2018 yet. But again, I think the momentum we have here, as we finish the second half of the year, I feel good about our position. And I feel very good about our momentum, Kulbinder.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, we're doing both. We're cutting expense and simultaneously investing, I think, where we need to. So I think that's proved to be very effective, reference the operating leverage that you have seen recently. And then, quite frankly, I think we continue to expect, OpEx will be down $10 million to $15 million this year. That includes all of the acquisitions. If we take a look at 2018, while we're not going to get into the specifics, I would expect OpEx, excluding acquisitions, to continue to be down slightly on the base businesses. So I think the team continues to do things on the OpEx side and on the efficiency side, which avail themselves for us to take advantage of. By the way, we talked about the ERP implementation that we cut over in April. That would be on phase I completed here in Q3. Eventually, as we get more conversion and completion of that system, there's requisite efficiencies and IT costs and business process efficiencies that I think could be reflected over the longer term. That's in part why we invested in the ERP. So net-net, we will be down $10 million to $15 million this year, all in. And I think that operating leverage is expected to improve again in 2018.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, on Airwave, we're expecting – things are going well, as expected, continue to progress. And for the full year in 2017, we're expecting Airwave revenue to be approximately $490 million. On ESN, we continue to work closely with the UK Home Office. It's a complex project. We're working closely with EE as well, the wireless carrier provider. We're working to deploy and test the software deliverables on our end. The project has gone through some changes. It's currently slated, as stated by the customer, to start mid-2018. But we have work to do on our end and we're staying very close to both EE and Home Office.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I mean, they continue to use it. They continue to upgrade system software releases. They continue to add devices and interoperability between fire and police.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. So if you think about the command center software assets, we have our high end PremierOne product in records management complemented by Spillman, an acquisition we made last year. For real-time intelligence and analytics, we have Public Engines, a small acquisition, more nascent, but something that begins to give us traction on the analytic side. For CAD dispatch and voice, we also have our PremierOne CAD system at the high-end complemented by Spillman as well and a voice console. And for next-generation 911 call taking, we've got Emergency CallWorks for Tier 2 and tier 3 and now, the Airbus VESTA suite on the high end.
Gregory Q. Brown: Before – that was the last question. Just for clarity, Andrew, on your question, the approximately $50 million of growth in Q3, half of it is the result of the acquisition of Spillman and Interexport, the other half is core. Remember, Plant and Kodiak are not closed yet. They are not in that number.
Bruce Brda: And Tim, this is Bruce Brda, maybe on your first question with respect to timing of FirstNet opportunity. We are today beginning to have discussions with customers on readying their LMR networks for LMR-LTE interoperability. So that is an opportunity we're pursuing today. The application sales and device sales will obviously follow subscribers actually opting in, subscribing to the network and then buying devices and applications to use on the network. So in the short term or near term, it's interoperability between LMR and LTE. And then the longer term, which will follow subscriber loading, would be applications and devices.
Bruce Brda: And Kyle, this is Bruce Brda. With respect to direct mode, I think you're aware, LTE currently doesn't have a viable solution for direct mode. The UK Home Office has selected to go down a path of really two technologies, LTE for trunked or group communication, and then TETRA as a direct mode solution, so two technologies, two devices. We will compete for the direct mode TETRA device business at the right point in time. That opportunity hasn't surfaced yet, though.
Bruce Brda: Yes, this is Bruce. A key add that they are making now is the ability to interoperate between LTE and TETRA. That's an enhancement that's being made at this point in time.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And Tavis, this is Gino. With respect to gross margins, in the release, we don't have the gross margin by segment. But as expected and recall during our last call, the guidance, our expectation was for gross margin to be down, driven primarily by a few things. One was Airwave FX and the purchase accounting adjustment, catch-up adjustment year-to-date in 2016. That would be obviously reflected in the Services gross margin, as well as a shift to systems in North America. Greg mentioned and I mentioned in prepared remarks, the strength of systems in North America, as well as some ERP-related – ERP implementation-related cost in Q2. So Q2 margin down approximately 160 basis points, spread across really those three issues. And I should say, as I said in the prepared remarks, our expectation is that gross margin in both Services and Products we expect to be comparable for the full year. And through the first half, margins are comparable despite the Airwave FX headwind and purchase accounting adjustment. Margins through the first half are comparable.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yes. So we cut over in April and we experienced some typical issues, we plan for them. Inventory, specifically inventory, ended higher and a little bit in receivables. The inventory – the ending inventory was driven by some difficulties in our planning module in the ERP implementation system. And from a receivables perspective, we had some invoices that went out later and were outside of the terms and moved into Q3. We expect the implementation to be largely complete by the end of Q3. And the implications are contemplated in our outlook. As I said in my prepared remarks, our expectation remains unchanged for operating cash flow for the full year.
Gino A. Bonanotte: I think it represents, at this point, an estimate for the composite total revenue. It could, to your point, include software and mobile applications. It could include Services activation. It could include the deployment of software we've developed, which interoperates and links, land mobile radio P25 with LTE networks. And of course, it could include a mix of devices, not just handhelds, but vehicular modems. So it's all of the above. It's a best guess, by the way. Most important of that is less the composition of how it comes in by product or software bucket but it assumes a certain loading level, a certain penetration level that we think is reasonable. But we'll have a better view of it in Q1.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure. Rod, this is Gino. Managed & Support Services have been growing in mid-single-digits for the past eight or nine quarters. It was purposeful. The design of – including the design of products and really, what's driving that, the underlying driver is, the technology becomes more and more complicated. It becomes more and more difficult for our customers to manage their own systems, and many of them look for us to manage the systems for them. So when we talk about the TAM around Managed & Support Services, what we're referring to is managing the systems that we have deployed.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Kulbinder, this is Gino. Just a couple of comments. First comment being $700 million reduction in OpEx is a little bit more than incremental. That's the way as you described it. Greg mentioned, OpEx and OpEx associated with acquisitions. For the full year in 2017, the acquisition OpEx number is $45 million. Inclusive of that $45 million, our expectation is to be down $10 million to $15 million.
Gino A. Bonanotte: So Andrew, we'll start with the year. Certainly, for the full year, our expectation is for growth and growth in both Products and Services and organic growth. In Q3, as you said, Airwave is not the headwind that we had in Q2. But our expectation in Q3 is to grow Products and Services and grow organically as well.
