Greg Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to make a few opening comments about the first quarter and the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q1 was a good quarter relative to our sales and earnings expectations. North America continues to execute well with growth of 2% including increases in both products and services sales along with encouraging order activity. Second, our focus around growing the Managed and Support Services franchise continues to build momentum. We grew Managed and Support Services 6% organically in Q1, closed Airwave, added $1.8 billion to our backlog position, and made significant progress in streamlining and packaging our Services and Support offerings. And last, we continue to build a leaner and more agile organization as we drive further operational efficiency. There are a number of examples that illustrate this change, including the completed sale of our Malaysian manufacturing facility, a 40% reduction in product SKUs in a little over a year and a targeted shift in R&D to strategic growth areas. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q1 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Greg Brown: Gino, thanks. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, Q1 was a good start to the year in terms of delivering on our sales plan and maintaining momentum in North America and our Managed and Support Services business that we believe will be key growth engines for us in the coming years. Second, we remain acutely focused on delivering significant earnings growth and free cash flow per share increases for full year 2016 and beyond. And finally, our teams continue to make good progress on our growth in innovation initiatives. While there's plenty of work that remains to be done, I'm pleased with the underlying trends we're seeing in our backlog growth and recurring revenues. While the team is streamlining and strengthening our services portfolio, improving sales coverage, adding key commercial vertical resources, optimizing channel efficiency, and making the right targeted investment areas in such as Smart Public Safety and software. And I'll now turn the call back over to Shep so we can then it open up for questions.
Greg Brown: Yeah, Kulbinder. So from an outlook standpoint, a couple of points. Q1 over-performed against our expectations. I'd say that was largely driven by North America to kind of frame that. Second point I'd make is for the first half of our view of the year, I think it's entirely consistent with our expectations a quarter ago, and we're maintaining our outlook for the full year. From an organic perspective, we expect growth in the second half of this year organically, segregating out Airwave.
Greg Brown: And just to add a specific piece of color, since both the Airwave transaction has closed and the order for ESN, we received a significant order from the U.K. Home Office for a piece of software that will provide interoperability between LMR, Land Mobile Radio, and LTE and that's a new contract that we got just this past quarter. So I think things are progressing well and we're well-positioned.
Greg Brown: Yeah, on the first one, you're right. I think that we over-performed in Q1 against our original expectations. That was largely driven by North America. So in Q2, our guidance, we think, is prudent. Obviously, we're holding the full year in Q2 specifically we have pressure from Latin America of probably about another $40 million, the roll-off of Norway of about $30 million. And to your point, probably some revenue that we would originally have thought would have appeared in Q2 slid to Q1. When you net all those ingredients, it's entirely first half and full year as we expected. Backlog.
Greg Brown: No. I'll let Jack Molloy expand, but we haven't. As we have mentioned with LTE, in the four largest engagements that have been awarded in the world so far, we won all four: Los Angeles, two countries in the Middle East, and the U.K. But simultaneously, we see continued investment in LMR even with those LTE awards. We think that LTE is additive to LMR. We're seeing increased interest between the interoperability between LMR and LTE, hence the award I mentioned from the U.K. Home Office in Q1. So, no, we don't see any chilling effect on TETRA infrastructure in international markets as a result of LTE consideration.
Greg Brown: In terms of China, first of all, we had one of our strongest years ever that I can remember in China last year. But China was down about 25% in Q1 off of a high compare and some lumpiness in strong order activity. I think it will be down probably 20% or 25% for the full year. So we are not expecting any growth in China. Instead, we are expecting contraction of about 25% this year for the remainder.
Greg Brown: So, Vijay, I guess a comment. We don't really – no, we don't necessarily see anything with the federal elections that will impact our business in the federal market. Demand really post-2013 has been pretty stable, pretty solid in our business, and really that's across the continuum for both Product and Services. So, no, we don't anticipate any impact or any slowdown as it relates to the upcoming election in our business in the federal market.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And, Kulbinder, on the Airwave question, the current contracts are extended through 2019. And at that point in time, based on the ESN rollout, we'll determine how much longer they go beyond that.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah, Kulbinder. I'll start and perhaps some of the other folks might want to jump in. When we look at the U.K. Home Office and Public Safety in the U.K., we've had a relationship for decades regardless of technology. We expect that relationship to continue regardless of technology. Throughout technology upgrades, service offerings, we've maintained a great relationship with the Home Office and with Public Safety, and we expect to continue that and expect that to go beyond Airwave and ESN.
Gino A. Bonanotte: The only thing I'll add, Jack, is from a duration perspective, clearly the Managed and Support Services is a longer duration, multi-year contract. Product is typically a shorter duration, although in Products we could have system deployment that would extend several quarters.
Gino A. Bonanotte: ...in the full year. So if we look at our backlog aged into the second half, it's comparable to what it was last year, Tavis, and clearly in the first half, the first half Latin America specifically, Q1 and Q2 have been hit hard from a year-over-year perspective. If we look at what happened last year in Latin America, Q1 and Q2 were reasonable quarters and really the falloff happened in Q3 and Q4. So a combination of order activity, increasing backlog, and visibility that we have into the second half give us confidence for the – the expectation isn't for significant growth rates in the second half, but certainly better than performance in the first half.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah, a couple things to think about, Tavis. Q1 2015 was abnormally high. As you know, Q1 is typically our smallest quarter due to timing of some of the receivables. And if you look at our trailing 12-month, we're ahead of where we were the prior year. So really we were expecting cash flow to be lower in Q1. It was driven by higher incentive payments for 2015 performance versus 2014 variable pay payments that the majority of which are paid out in Q1 and higher tax payments. And working capital, working capital was a source of cash in Q1 2016, just not as large of a source as it was in Q1 of 2015. As a matter of fact, from a cash conversion cycle, we improved four days in the quarter. So we still expect operating cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion for the full year and free cash flow per share of $4.75 to $5.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah. So if we look at Services, as you mentioned, the Services gross margin were up year-over-year based on the Norway roll-off. We talked about Services gross margin getting back to that mid-30s percentage as our run rate and that did happen. What happened in Q1 were really three things. There was an FX impact, a volume impact on the product side, and a mix shift from product to services. As Services grew 6%, products contracted 7%. Those are really the three items that impacted Q1 margin. For the full year, we continue to expect full year gross margin to be comparable to last year. You mentioned Airwave. Airwave does have a little bit lower gross margin than our base business. But again, our expectation for the full year are gross margins comparable to what they were in 2015.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah. So we remain committed to return of capital. There's no change to the model. There's no change to the assumption of how much cash we need on the balance sheet to run the business. So for planning purposes, the expectation of $750 million to $1 billion of share buyback is still valid for planning purposes.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah, with respect to the backlog question, as I mentioned earlier, we're approximately at the same position we were comparable to last year, aged in the year from a backlog perspective. And with respect to Airwave, the incremental $1.8 billion we have talked about a $450 million Airwave number. So clearly that $450 million would come out of the $1.8 billion of Airwave backlog.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah. So, Vijay, we said $120 million total reduction year-over-year, and we did $43 million in Q1. So the modeling for the back half of the year, the first half will be a little bit more from a reduction perspective than the second half. And remember, the $120 million is a $120 million reduction year-over-year after the addition of approximately $30 million of Airwave OpEx. So really the reduction and the base business is approximately $150 million year-over-year.
Gino A. Bonanotte: So it really depends on the awards. They're different. Certainly, the Services award would be aged over several years. They're multi-year awards. System deployment would likely be aged over several quarters, and then there was some APX subscriber backlog that would be realized as revenue in 2016.
Jack P. Molloy: Pierre, good evening. It's Jack. So I guess a couple comments. When you think about Q1, we had both Product and Services growth in North America. I think that's an important point. We also grew the Managed and Support Services 9%. And as you alluded to, our backlog was up $575 million, again, primarily driven by Managed and Support Services, but we grew both segments. If you think about 2016 in total, as we said, we'll grow the North American business. It continues to be a good environment for both state and local and the federal business for us. A couple things to think about is we've improved sales coverage, so we're starting to see some return on that. And then we're also – we've gone into better data analytics in terms of our ability to target and capture additional software features on the equipment that we sell, the products that we sell. So again, as we said, we expect to grow in North America in 2016.
Jack P. Molloy: Yeah, so, Pierre, our backlog as we see it today has trended more towards devices. We've certainly seen particularly in Q1. In the back half of 2015, our mix has really gone to devices over infrastructure. But I will add that we've obviously seen with the backlog growth, we've seen the return of some large scale projects. State of Iowas and those kind of deals. So it's a pretty good mix as we said. Big growth in Services, some growth in devices as well.
Jack P. Molloy: Okay. Hey, Tavis. It's Jack. So I guess in regards to EMEA first, obviously Q1 was up 4% ex-currency, but when you look at the business organically, obviously we were down 26% in EMEA. And a large part of that is due to the fact of our Norway, the integration runoff and the comps there. We also saw a decline in devices. The other piece of it is if you think about EMEA, we've had some pockets of weakness in the channel at the low end, particularly in Europe. But again, we continue to see – I mean, when you start to think about the region in 2016, we'll see continued pressure in the first half with the runoff of Norway as well as FX. Gino, I don't know if you have anything you want to add as it relates to the second part of the question.
Jack P. Molloy: The one thing that I would add to that is the situation in the U.K. was unique in that they did not own either their spectrum or their network. So they had a different decision than really every other customer we have or we serve around the globe. To the best of my knowledge, they're the only customer in the world that didn't own spectrum or network and again had a different set of options presented to them than any other customer we have with the TETRA network.
Jack P. Molloy: Andrew, I guess maybe a couple comments on LatAm. So I think the first point that I think is important, if you think about LatAm as a region, it's 5% of MSI's total revenues. The second thing I would say is, to your point, when we think about the first half of the year, we were down 42% in Q1. Most of the pressure from a comparables perspective does reside and is the challenge for us in the first half of 2016. But I would really say, having obviously spent a good portion of time in the region that if the situation remains fluid, both from, I think, a natural commodities perspective and a macroeconomic perspective. Some countries are faring better than others, but it remains a challenge. I will say the one bright spot is we remained, and we will sustain our investment in the region both from a go-to-market and from a technical resource because we do believe the market will rebound again. It's just tough to really put your finger on exactly when that will happen right now.
