Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Q4 was another great quarter for Motorola Solutions. These quarterly results capped another very strong year for our company. 2012 marked a number of key accomplishments: solid sales growth, operating earnings expansion and double-digit EPS growth, strong cash flow and significant capital return to our shareholders. Q4 highlights included record sales and operating earnings, continued leadership and innovation with new product launches and the acquisition of Psion. This morning, we reported fourth quarter sales of $2.4 billion, an increase of 6% from Q4 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings from continuing operations were $1.18 per share compared to $0.54 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing ops were $1.10 per share compared to $0.87 per share in Q4 of last year, a 26% increase. For the full year, we posted revenue growth of approximately 6% while increasing non-GAAP operating earnings by 9%. For the remainder of the call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Our Government business revenues increased 10% for the quarter. We saw strength across the portfolio, driven by double-digit growth in ASTRO and TETRA. Government sales increased 12% for the full year. Our growth was driven by a number of factors including the analog-to-digital transition, aging public safety infrastructure, U.S. narrowbanding and our broadest and most competitive portfolio ever. In our Enterprise business, sales decreased 3% from the year-ago quarter, including the anticipated decline in iDEN. On a full year basis, Enterprise revenue declined 5% as many large customers postponed deployments in the face of soft economic conditions and uncertainty. We do believe that the challenges in this segment were more cyclical than structural. I'll now turn it over to Ed to discuss our financial results in more detail, then I'll return to discuss operational highlights and provide additional thoughts on our business performance.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, Pierre, I think that we have a couple of the new products already available now on the enterprise mobile computing side. To be more specific on some of the new, new, the MC40, we expect to be available and shipping in Q2, which is great, a front-store-facing operations device that will expand our portfolio. Our SB1 smart badge should also be generally available in Q2. And then, the multiplane scanner should be available by midyear as well. So in addition to some of the new MC series mobile computing devices that are already shipping, we have these new products that will be available in a couple of quarters, and we feel pretty good about the portfolio.
Gregory Q. Brown: So Jim, on the Enterprise side, I think the pause was due to a few things: Number one, fewer larger deals, which represented basically a number of smaller deals that made it difficult to compare on the previous year comp. But also, the pause was around, to your point, IT spending acknowledging the macro environment. I think we believe that will improve as IT spend and -- IT hardware spend is anticipated to increase. There was also, I think -- and I mentioned it last call anecdotally, but I think that around operating system roadmaps, specifically Microsoft Windows 8, which has been remediated, and we announced at NRF plans the incorporate Windows Embedded 8 into some of our devices in '13, so I think that takes care of itself as well. So generally speaking, I think that the environment for Enterprise should improve. Remember also in Enterprise, we also have a couple of products available on Android, our ET1 tablet and new device that I just referenced with Pierre, the MC40. So we feel pretty well equipped because we have devices on Microsoft 6.5.3 and devices on Android, with extra enterprise security great features that have been developed on top of Android. And we also have HTML5, which is a web browser level. So we can accommodate applications through a variety of different enterprise environments. Between that, new products and an improving external environment, we think it should get better. In terms of debt -- or net cash and debt, Ed and I have talked about we came out of the quarter with net cash of $1.9 billion, gross cash of $3.6 billion. And it is our intention at some point in 2014 to go into a net debt position. And the only other color I'd give you, Jim, on cash is referencing you to Ed's comments in the script, which talked about share repurchases of approximately in line or comparable to the previous 2 quarters, Q3 and Q4. So that should dimensionalize where we are in net cash, where we're headed with net debt and our planned expenditures. Very much in line with what we outlined at the financial analyst meeting last year. We're well on our way there.
Gregory Q. Brown: So on the revenue first, Kulbinder, for the full year in '13, as kind of a backdrop to the overall revenue growth of 5% to 5.5%, we're planning for Government to be up low- to mid-single digits, Enterprise to be up mid- to high-single digits and of course, that includes Psion and includes the contraction of $65 million of iDEN for narrowbanding.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think it will obviously improve from the previous year, but I would think the trajectory, Tavis, will be gradual as we go through the year.
Gregory Q. Brown: So we do track NPI revenues as a percentage of the overall revenue contribution. Obviously, as you might imagine, Ehud, with the increased NPIs, new product introductions, that have materialized. The percentage as a basis of total revenue has increased. We don't break out with any level of granularity or detail beyond that. But it is -- it's consistently gotten better, as you've mentioned, clearly on the ASTRO and TETRA side, and we expect it to improve on the Enterprise as well, given the number of new products both toward the end of this past year and the launches that we have in Q1 and Q2.
Gregory Q. Brown: And Ehud, on Honeywell and Intermec, I'd make a few points. First of all, I like it because it validates the attractiveness of the industry. I'm not surprised at all that -- Intermec's been rumored for actually quite a while to be acquired, so I wasn't at all surprised. Obviously, very familiar with both Intermec and Honeywell, but that said, pretty confident in the value proposition we offer. The other thing I'd say is suffice to say we've looked at a variety of acquisition alternatives throughout last year. We prioritized Psion for a reason, and we're very pleased that we added them to the portfolio. We had other options available to us, but Psion was the one we felt the most bullish about because of what they do, their complementary product portfolio and some of the extensions into some other European and other geographies that we think are complementary. Remember, Honeywell continues on this buying spree. They bought HHP, Metrologic, LXE. Now Intermec Vocollect. There'll be several months until the deal is approved, assuming it gets approved. No reason to think it wouldn't, but they'll have their work to do on integrating the variety of mobile computing assets that really for us in Psion is much more clean. And finally, I think in this space, it is less about price and more about total cost of ownership. And the solutions orientation that you bring to bear and the customized and integrated applications that we implement for customers. So net-net, all those ingredients into the blender, we feel good about our position.
Gregory Q. Brown: Jeff, in LTE incorporated into the full year guidance of 5% to 5.5%, we still believe that LTE will not be more than $100 million for the full year largely in the second half of '13, and I think it'll be primarily driven by the Middle East and less North America, from a timing perspective. That said, we continue to work very closely with FirstNet. There's, as you know, some early BTOP awards and spectrum waivers with customers like Mississippi and BayWEB. And Mark and I work closely with FirstNet and those end-user customers in hopes that they will begin to move forward in 2012. But it's not more than $100 million and more international than North America-driven for 2013. But I'd also say though, we continue to invest, from an R&D standpoint, in subscribers, in devices and in infrastructure. We've got 3 products that are announced and launched now, a USB dongle, a vehicular modem, a LEX 700, and that's part of the incorporated R&D spend that we plan.
Gregory Q. Brown: And I think that -- don't forget, of course, the incremental revenue from Psion. We have new products shipping, the FX environment, as Mark mentioned, much more stable, and we have clarity on the Windows Embedded 8 roadmap. So there's a few tangible beyond the environmental things that are specific that are improving, so that's incorporated into our thinking.
Gregory Q. Brown: In addition to that, John, I think that the opportunity with Psion is on the gross margin side. Their pricing is good. We always thought that there's opportunity for gross margin improvement as they're under the umbrella of Motorola Solutions. As we look at complementary and similar suppliers and component purchases with our larger scale, we believe that we'll be able to improve the gross margin profile from Psion. Less about pricing, more about gross margin improvement.
Gregory Q. Brown: Just to dimensionalize it, again, we had $72 million of revenue in Q4. We're planning on approximately $250 million for the full year for Psion in 2013. As Mark referenced, they're purpose-built devices that are extensions of what we do now, vehicle-mount terminals in a forklift, very rugged cold storage applications, cold storage that'll tolerate subzero temperatures. And their portfolio is Microsoft-oriented as well, so it's very similar, if not identical, to the enterprise mobile computing segment.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think on the operating expenses side, you shouldn't see significant changes year-over-year. The one benefit that I had mentioned was the pension expense will be a bit better. Other than that, we will dial up and dial down as appropriately within R&D, marketing and selling to ensure that we're addressing the opportunities. But the year-over-year levels should be relatively consistent, up slightly, driven by annual merits and the like, Pierre.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And on the EBITDA and debt levels, Kulbinder, we have talked about an adjusted-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA something with a 2 handle on it. We're still comfortable with that. With that said, I would mention that the pension obligation going up to the level that it did, something in the mid-2s, is probably more appropriate at this point, and with that, we believe we can maintain that solid investment-grade rating. But you're right, as we grow EBITDA levels, we will be increasing the debt levels, as we had outlined -- as I said last year at the financial analyst meeting, such that we get to the point of a net debt position by 2014.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think I can fill in the blanks a little bit with some assumptions that you need to add in there because there's a couple different elements within the capital allocation plan. But first, on the pension side, pension expense, I think, was approximately $185 million this year, and we should go to approximately $130 million for next year. So that's the improvement that I had mentioned. Cash contributions were approximately $340 million this year, and that will go something in the range of approximately $300 million next year, so a little bit of improvement in both. And on the capital allocation plan, I think those levels do get us on the right trajectory. The one thing that we are factoring, as we had mentioned, as part of our capital allocation plan that 50, 30, 20 allocation of share repurchase and acquisitions does include an element of acquisitions as well, so we would plan for some level of acquisitions. Of course, you'd need to meet all the right hurdles in that capital allocation plan such that we get to that net debt position by 2014.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So I'll cover the pension piece first. So the change that we had mentioned really is in accordance with FASB 87. As we've had the spinoff of the Mobility business and the recent divestitures that we've talked about, predominantly all of our employees are no longer active employees of the firm. As a result of that, FASB 87 prescribes that you would use the total population life expectancy to amortize that pension expense, as opposed to what we were using before, which was the active employees' service life remaining with the company. That's the result and change from 9 to 28 years. And if you think about it, a perfectly logical answer, which I think is much more aligned with the economic realities of the pension plan, given that very few of our active employees make up the total participant pool of the pension expense that we're funding and recognizing through expense over a period of time. So that's the change. It was all part of a comprehensive review as well of the plan. As we've looked at our asset returns as well and given the returns on the portfolio, you'll see that asset return come down from what we've assumed over 8% to something with a 7% handle in it going forward. We also adopted a year early the mortality tables, which is a bit more conservative. Given that people are living longer, that expense will expand. So all of that is contemplated and reflected in that net improvement, if you will, that we talked about a little bit earlier in the call.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Well, backlog, I'll cover high level, and Mark, add any color commentary as appropriate here. But backlog, an important thing to note here is backlog is up year-over-year from where we ended Q4 of last year, so up year-over-year, really driven primarily by Government. Enterprise, down a bit, as you would expect, given the sales levels that we're seeing through today, sequentially down a bit but really in line with what we would have expected. So with that, I'll let Mark talk a little bit more color by business.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think we're on the right track there, too. We talked about roughly breakeven in the fourth quarter of '12 and in 2013, get to profitability, not quite the levels that were -- that we see across the rest of the business, but we will get to profitability in 2013. That's our current plan.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And as you think about the profitability of the business that we said we'll get it to profitable. It will be below the levels that we see for the rest of the business, probably something below 10%, above 5%, in that range. If you think about operating expenses in that business, when I gave the commentary earlier, you should make sure that you factor in our year-over-year growth and our operating expenses effectively, the incremental Psion-related spend to support that business, partially offset by the improvement in the pension cost that I had talked about. And with all of that, you should then plan relatively comparable with the impact of annual merits. So spending will be up slight -- up a bit year-over-year in the aggregate. But as a percentage of sales, it will be -- it will improve.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Sure. So U.S. cash, in excess of 40%, I think 42% or 43%. I think we're $1.5 billion U.S. cash of the total $3.6 billion. Your question on CapEx, was that for 2012 or...
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So as we think of the model, we're kind of simplifying a bit to kind of a 50% -- 50% allocated to a combination of share repurchase or acquisitions, 30% consistent for dividends and approximately 20% for CapEx. We did -- CapEx for the year, we did about $185 million to $190 million for 2012. You should expect us to see higher levels of CapEx next year, and the biggest growth segment there would be in the area where we invest in revenue-type opportunities, build on operated opportunities you've heard us talk about in the past. So more success-based capital will be our goal, and that is really the main driver for the -- what you're going to see year-over-year in the increase in capital expenditures as we get into 2013.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, Kulbinder, in relationship to narrowbanding, I think we have spoken in the past it was approximately 3% of the growth in the quarter and approximately 3% for the full year for the Government growth, when you think about that. I think as you look going forward, and we've talked before, remember though, narrowbanding was just a U.S. phenomena, and it really only impacted about 30% of the U.S. installed base. So as we look going forward, we're still excited about our product portfolio with the new features, their efficiency, the fact of users moving from analog to digital, an aging installed base. And you saw throughout all the regions, as Greg mentioned earlier, we had growth in the Government segments. So it was not really just a narrowband U.S. impact.
Mark F. Moon: I think, just to add to that piece, one of the advantages of continuing to refresh our product portfolio is the ability to continue to provide different options so that you're able to maintain the ASPs throughout the portfolio as we go forward.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, just I think, as you think about backlog in particular, from a Government segment, which is a much longer-cycle segment, the fact that we're up significantly by about $500 million year-on-year, I think, is important. Also, I would add that North America coming off of a very, very strong year that we've been talking about each quarter in Government was also flat in backlog, so we did not eat into the backlog, another positive sign of demand. And as we've mentioned, even though Enterprise did not have the year that we had hoped, backlog remains flat as we look sequentially with what happens. And as Greg had mentioned earlier in his comment, we're having a lot of good conversations coming out of NRF, very good excitement, not only about the portfolio, but about the need to continue to do things to enhance employee productivity and enhance the customer experience as they go forward. So backlog, I think, from the perspective of how we look at it, we're in good shape going into the year.
Mark F. Moon: Exactly. That's why I kind of compared that sequentially, but you're right. As you look at the Enterprise segment, it is a more quick-turn type of business. When we talked about the drivers that kind of impacted 2012, we talked about the year-on-year comparables. Obviously, as we go into this year, our year-on-year comparable is much different given the performance we had in 2012. There's also been some positive indicators with the projections or forecast for IT spend. IT hardware spend, retail spending are all up year-on-year, which is a good sign for us. We were also impacted by the FX environment, particularly in Europe last year. That seems to be stabilizing. And as we mentioned earlier, a number of new products and some clarity around the iOS roadmap for the future, I think, all brings us with a sense that we can return to mid- to high-single digit growth for the year.
Mark F. Moon: So I think when you think about Psion's products, they clearly are targeted at a different space than where we primarily compete, things like manufacturing, ports, cold storage; clearly, a rugged product. They have done fairly well in their margins and their average selling prices in the past. We obviously think bringing them into the portfolio, we can begin to leverage the size of Motorola. But what makes us most excited is it really does expand our footprint and the ability to kind of leverage Motorola products into those verticals, Psion products back into the spaces that we discussed, a couple of customers, we mentioned earlier, back into our piece. So together, we think the 2 portfolios are very complementary.
Mark F. Moon: So I think it was clearly a component of the pause. I wouldn't blame it all on that or hide behind it. The category of enterprise mobile computing contracted generally in line with what we contracted. So I think we generally held share. I think there's much better clarity. Remember, the enterprise mobile computing or rugged mobile computing is virtually 100% Microsoft as an installed base. Typically, Windows CE, Windows embedded handheld. So these customers that have Microsoft as a reference point want the clarity and migration to Windows Embedded 8. I think that clarity is now there. We worked closely with Microsoft. We'll be shipping some new product in Q2 that gives those customers critical clarity and comfort around that roadmap. In terms of features, Matt, we add enterprise software features or enterprise-grade features on top of Windows Embedded 8 handheld, either that Microsoft puts in or that we put in, things around enterprise-grade security, power management, optimizing a wireless experience over voice and data and sensors like data capture. It's the unique features in this segment that allow purpose-built devices that are integrated with applications to flourish. And a lot of work's been down there, so we feel pretty well positioned that, that clarity and then ultimately shipping product will give customers what they need by midyear.
Mark F. Moon: I think the disappointment in what the wireless LAN business is mainly us, not environmental. The WLAN segment, in general, continues to grow. We lost share. We remain strong in our core verticals at retail and transportation and logistics, and we're not pleased with losing share. That said, we do have some strong opportunities in the beginning of the year. The funnel is more robust. We see more customers want to engage less on buying WLAN product per se and more into a managed-services-type value proposition that we'll incorporate and adopt. We feel better that the business can perform better in 2013, and we have higher expectations. But at the end of the day, we've got to deliver. The loss of share is more us than environmental. We got to do better.
