Greg Brown: Thanks, Shep, and good afternoon and thanks everybody for joining us. I'd like to make a few opening comments before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q4 was actually a good quarter in terms of margin expansion and cash flow generation. Managed and support services grew 7% adjusted for currency, and North America also outperformed our expectations against the difficult prior year compare and we saw solid growth in Asia Pac. Second, when I think of the full year, 2015 was a year of transformation and achievement that positions us well going forward. We delivered $830 million of free cash flow, took out over $210 million of operating costs, returned $3.5 billion in capital to shareholders, increased our quarterly dividend by 21%, and improved the efficiency of our capital structure. And finally, last Friday, we announced the close of Airwave acquisition, which is a strong and important addition to our services franchise. Airwave owns and operates one of the largest public safety radio networks in the world and will provide a platform to expand our managed services business on a global basis. This business has significant managed services infrastructure and operational assets that could be leveraged for future growth opportunities in this space. The addition of airwave increases our recurring revenue streams by 50%, adds geographic diversification, delivers another source of robust free cash flow, and the transaction is cash and earnings accretive in year one. I’ll now turn the call over Gino to provide additional details on Q4 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, despite headwinds presented by a stronger dollar and areas of macroeconomic weakness, we delivered solid growth in several areas for the year, including North America, Asia-Pac and the Middle East, as well as our managed and support services business. Second, we plan on over 30% EPS growth this year. We expect to build on our momentum in North America, add strategic capabilities to our services franchise with the addition of Airwave and continued to drive backlog with large state and nationwide deals. And at the same time, we plan on driving further operational efficiency with another $120 million in cost savings this year. Finally, I believe we are uniquely positioned to bridge the complimentary aspects of Public Safety LTE data with mission critical LMR voice. Our LMR market leading franchise remains rock solid as we continue to win major awards and build multi-year backlog in services, while at the same time, we won the four largest Public Safety LTE awards valued at over $800 million. We continue to make the required investments in people and capabilities as we incorporate more services and software into our business that will enable us to deliver the right solutions at the right time for our customers. I feel confident that we're building a stronger and more competitive Company with durable earnings and cash generation that is well-positioned for the future. And I'll now turn the call back over to Shep, before we open it up for your questions.
Greg Brown: So, George, let's take Q1 first. I think the way you think of the ingredients is it's consistent with what we signaled last earnings call. So in terms of the headwinds Latin America will be down about $40 million that’s inclusive of iDEN for Q1, Europe we expect to be down approximately $40 million primarily driven by Norway as the largest contract we've ever had transitions off of the systems integration phase. And the third one as we've articulated is FX of about $20 million based on the spot rates today. So think of about $100 million of headwind, the tailwind is $55 million of Airwave, which represents the stub period of closing last Friday on February 19. So that's how I would think about it. The $450 million of Airwave on an annual basis also represents a partial year. We haven’t guided yet obviously and won’t signal yet on the full year fiscal 2007 for top-line.
Greg Brown: Hi, Simona. Well, first of all, I’ll take the second one first. We're thrilled with the acquisition of Airwave both strategically and financially. As we talked about $450 million of revenue this year, I think probably the most important element is that as part of the negotiation. We've resolved all disputes and all contracts have been extended through the end of 2019. So when we now think about the predictability and financial visibility and commensurate earnings and cash as it relates to that acquisition, it’s substantial and represents just under $2 billion in backlog through the extension of those contracts through the end of 2019. We've worked very closely with the UK home office. They've been great in this engagement in working with us to successfully close the Airwave TETRA network where all contracts are extended through 2019. And also we are to your point, the beneficiaries of the ESN award of $430 million, which we view also we’re well positioned to pursue. So we will work very closely with the home office customer as we transition and I think for a long time how complimentary networks co-exist. So we will drive the value creation through Airwave and also work closely with the customer on the rollout of ESN at some point in the future. On the EBITDA for 2016.
Greg Brown: I think we’ll work with the customer in the appropriate transition. And it’s too early to make that call, but from an acquisition standpoint, we feel very good about our risk adjusted return of capital as it relates to the acquisition of Airwave.
Greg Brown: I think from a financial planning standpoint, probably, yes, I would push it out past 2017. But again, we’re going to work very diligently with the home office on the right optimization and mix. But from a planning standpoint, that’s probably a prudent thing to do.
Greg Brown: Well, I'd let Gino add something but I would simply say that I think its representative. Those reductions are pretty consistent with the reductions we’ve made to-date historically in terms of composition and mix. But as importantly Keith, the majority of the actions required to get to these cost targets for 2016 have already been taken. That’s important to know.
Greg Brown: Well, I think if we go around the globe, North America which again is two-thirds of our business had a very strong 2015. And as they build backlog, we expect that growth to continue into 2016 at low-single digits. So we’re very pleased with North America. Latin America is distressed. It’s been consistently distressed from last year. I think it will probably decline at rates comparable to last year. I think it’s worth noting that the majority of the decline in Latin America, which we expect to be down. We’ll likely most – likely occur in the first half of this year. And then we would normalize through the balance of the year. We expect EMEA to be up with Airwave. Without Airwave, it would be down primarily driven by the role of Norway. And Asia-Pac roughly we expect to be about flat. We’ll grow in certain areas. We would expect given the nature of some of the macroeconomic items in China as well as some of the dynamics of the Chinese marketplace. We would expect to be down in China. So all in North America up low-single digits, Latin America down pretty markedly at levels in 2016 comparable to 2015, EMEA up with Airwave, down without Airwave primarily driven by Norway and Asia-Pac about flat with China declining.
Greg Brown: Ben, we exceeded the number for 2015. It was about $130 million in 2015, a little higher than we had projected which we were pleased about in terms of 2016. And we look at kind of the unevenness and rollout of the four contracts we're implementing LA-RICS, two in the Middle East and ESN is the fourth award but again as we’ve talked about earlier will have 2016 activity. We’re thinking of 2016 PS LTE revenue contribution to be comparable to 2015 given that we were pleasantly surprised with the over performance in 2015.
Greg Brown: Well look, the idea of FirstNet around interoperable data in Public Safety we feel pretty good about the responses to the RFP are due back May 13, we’ve had interest from a few different partners, we do plan on participating as you probably would expect in that response. We view LTE and Public Safety LTE in regards to the FirstNet as we’ve said a number of times before to be additive to our LMR business and we continue to grow in North America. We continue to add multi-year service contracts in North America. We continue to build backlog in North America with LMR. So, I think given our incumbency and our Public Safety expertise and our ability I think an ideal position to provide interoperability between LMR and over time Public Safety LTE in North America. I think we’re very, very well positioned. We don’t think of any revenue contribution in 2016 or 2017. And as FirstNet is talked about they are targeting an award by the end of the year may slip into really 2017, but that’s kind of the composite attributes of the way we’re thinking about FirstNet.
Greg Brown: Well, I think from a gross margin standpoint, as we incorporate Airwave everything blended together we think of the gross margin in the high 40s for 2016. That incorporate the shift to services a bit, incorporates obviously, the margin profile of Airwave. But having said that we expect to as we talked about grow EBITDA and grow EBITDA margins and grow operating cash and free cash flow as well in 2016.
