Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I will start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. So first, Q3 was another strong quarter. We grew revenue 7%, expanded operating margins by 120 basis points and generated $525 million of operating cash flow, an increase of 55% versus the prior year. Additionally, we ended the quarter with our highest backlog position ever of $11 billion, up $1.6 billion year-over-year and up $160 million sequentially. Second, we continue to execute well across all platforms. Our land mobile radio business is on pace for another record year of sales and earnings led by North America. Our video security business had another strong quarter of revenue growth and is gaining traction with government customers and our command center software business is continuing to drive revenue growth and margin expansion in our Software and Services segment. And finally, based on our Q3 results and our expectations for another solid performance in Q4, we are once again raising our earnings per share estimates for the full year 2019. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 results and outlook before returning just for some very brief closing thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Gino. First, I am very pleased with our Q3 results. It was another quarter of solid organic revenue growth, significant expansion of both gross margins and operating margins. Strong operating cash flow generation of over $0.5 billion and we finished with our highest quarter ending backlog position ever. We also closed the acquisition of WatchGuard, a leader in the in-car and body-worn video. Second, 2019 is looking to be another strong year of growth led by North America, our LMR business is positioned for a second consecutive year of record sales and our command center software and video security businesses continue to perform very well. Given our year-to-date performance and ending backlog, we are positioned for another year of record revenue earnings and cash flow. And finally, this week at the International Association of Chiefs of Police here in Chicago, we had product introductions that spanned our entire mission critical portfolio including our next-generation LMR Radio APX NEXT, which is broadband enabled for mobile apps designed specifically for first responders. And what struck me the most as they walked our booth, was how the investments in our portfolio have come together, not as point products or separate acquisitions, but as a fully interconnected ecosystem, where mission-critical communications, video security and analytics, command center software and services are operating seamlessly together. And it’s the power of these integrated mission critical solutions that has me excited when I think about our future going forward. So now I will turn it back over to Tim and open it up for your questions.
Greg Brown: Yes, Adam. Thanks for the question. I don’t think the introduction of APX NEXT has anything to do with a narrative that would suggest LTE or specifically FirstNet taking a more prominent role, but specifically cannibalizing LMR. As you know, Adam, we haven’t seen that in the past. We still don’t see that now. Backlog is up, you know that year-on-year and sequentially. By the way, it’s also worth noting that the backlog is up, despite some significant FX headwinds that we didn’t articulate. But with what Molloy’s team is doing on LMR and the introduction of APX NEXT, which we’re excited about and maybe Jack could say a few words about the feature set. Software connect and seamless roaming between LMR and LTE actually we believe extends LMR. It’s not an encroachment of LTE. It makes LMR, it makes APX NEXT. It makes private networks even more compelling, and I think that’s represented by the statewide upgrades that we had this year that were almost 2x the volume of previous periods. But I just don’t see it that way and I think FirstNet is complementary to LMR, just like in the UK, ESN is complementary to Airwave, but I just don’t see any cannibalization or chilling effect. By the way, just, since we’re talking about FirstNet, as you know, I think, Adam, it has a de minimis impact of revenue for this year. We would see equally minimal revenue contribution from next year.
Greg Brown: So there is no updates to the broader 2021, approximately 9 and 10. Remember, it wasn’t guidance, it wasn’t prescriptive it was directional. My phrases up into the right and it contemplates both operating the business and continued inorganic activity. From a 2020 standpoint, we’re not going to guide the specifics as you would expect that will be reserved for our February call. But as I sit here today, kind of high level top-line revenue growth, I think about roughly 4%, which is consistent with what we said this year. Consistent with what we said last year and again overall from a drivers standpoint across all three platforms, LMR and video security and command center software, I feel pretty good about it. By the way, just one other dimensionalize it’s worth mentioning, it may seem a little tactical, but worth reminding. As you all think about 2020, remember Q1 specifically is always our lightest quarter. Q1 of this year was a record quarter that included $40 million of federal revenue in Q1 of ‘19 that we do not expect to repeat in Q1 of 2020. So high level dimensionalize events continued solid growth, obviously a solid backlog position, no change to the 9 and 10 in 2021 and I think the Jack and Kelly and the team and quite frankly, all the people at Motorola continue to do a great job and I appreciate their efforts.
Greg Brown: Yes, what I’m not being prescriptive on that specifically on EPS in operating cash and others, but it’s just meant to signal more or less to Ben’s question our view on our expectation of continued growth. We do expect growth. We do expect organic constant currency growth. We do expect cash flow growth. But just to give you an anchor point and a reference point. Yes, as I sit here today, the kind of view of top line was about 4%, very consistent with this year and what we said this year and what we said last year.
Greg Brown: And Paul just overall, on your question of kind of the overall business, we do expect cash flow and operating margin expansion to continue against the specifics coming on the February call. I think that’s largely going to come out of software and services. I think Kelly and Andrew and his entire team have done a great job on platforming the business, getting efficiencies of the business, integrating the suite. The percentage of suite purchases and orders is slightly incrementally higher than what Kelly referenced earlier. We talked about an operating margin in that segment, software and services on the last call of 30% to 31%, that’s going to look like, more like 31% for full year ‘19. Do we expect that can improve in 2020? We do? And Kelly and Andrew will provide me and all of us with the specifics on 2020, but also what I would say is the areas that we’re playing in. Video security, where we’ve targeted to grow 3x the market, all in 15% versus 5% and as Jack referenced in Q3 we were strong in Q3, and we still believe will grow at 15% for 2019 and that continues. On command center software, it’s performing in the high teens and again for now we expect that to continue. So – and that’s against the backdrop of an addressable market of all of these businesses land, mobile, radio, video security and analytics and command center software of an addressable market we size that about $39 billion for 2020. So I think there is room to run. I think Molloy and Kaczynski are executing very well with the Avigilon acquisition and the other video assets. That is we aggregate and go to market in an integrated way, we’ll continue that performance and I think command center software and services, which we don’t talk as much about though that too is continuing to run very well. So there is opportunity. There is a sizable addressable market, you know the numbers that we’re growing and command center software and video security, I think land mobile radio including SI and services all in will continue to move forward. By the way, we will also consciously move more and more land, mobile, radio product to land, mobile, radio infrastructure as a service which will improve stickiness, improve annuity revenue in that segment and overall solidify the profile of our position competitively. So, I feel good about where we are and how we’re executing. There is always a lot more work to do, but this is a solid quarter, it’s going to be, it should be, we expect it to be a record year in ‘19. And then we’ll update you on all the specifics with those metrics in 2020.
Greg Brown: I think, look at this point, I think it’s just a prudent way to plan the business as we look at 2020. Molloy, talked about – North America has been great and the execution across pretty much all platforms. He talked about a little bit of international, more specifically Asia-Pac, where we see budgets being pushed out. I don’t think its deals lost. Now Asia-Pac is 8% of our overall revenue in ‘19 and as you know, China is now about 1.5% of revenue for us. So it’s not significant. The issue though is, as the China economy slows down, does it have a contagion effect in some other adjacent or neighboring theaters in the region. It may, but also as Jack said we on the execution side can do a better job in terms of forecasting specificity and understanding budget cycles and what’s available. So I think it really is just the best way in the prudent way we think to plan the business, video security in Q3 was stronger than our expectations. So are there areas that we could perform stronger against that view of course, there are potentially there are, but at this point, we think this is the right way to think about it, dimensionalize it again as I sit here today.
Jack Molloy: Hey, Tim, good evening, it’s Jack. I will take the first question related to video. So as we have discussed before, we expect the video business to grow 15% this year. I will tell you, Q3, the performance exceeded our expectations. Specific to education, we had $27 million in orders in Q3. And if you remember Q2 is typically the high points, so we’re really pleased with $27 million. We got $1 million order from the University of South Carolina. We had not done a lot in higher ed, so again please there. And then I think the last thing is the Federal Bureau of Prisons, we talked about a year kind of a year to take place for the federal government success and that was well in advance of what we expected and think of that as a platform that will build on. I think all these things are empowered by two things. We made pretty significant go-to-market investments in North America, but probably more importantly, we announced the H5 camera line and the Avigilon Control Center, which are software and analytics package 7.0, focus of attention, unusual speed detection, things like that. So a lot of excitement in the market and I think you will continue to see our momentum from there and turn it over in the second half.
Jack Molloy: Yes, maybe just to piggyback on top of that, I think this is an important point. As a service or the recurring revenue component of APX NEXT, will actually be contracted through the customer directly to Motorola. And that will be three different things. It will be, obviously, Greg talked a little bit about the SmartConnect, the ability to extend LMR capabilities, for instance if it was somewhat from the Cook County Sheriff’s Office that was at a conference in Miami. They have capability to connect back to the network, but two of the the other really important features are called SmartLocate, which essentially provides paying to every – depending on the situation every 3 seconds to 15 seconds, location device of an Officer critical for Officer safety, but maybe the most important and underrated thing is a feature called Smart Programing, which will essentially take what used to take weeks or months to program radios and essentially provide an out-of-the-box experience. So really what we’re doing is to Greg’s point, extending the LMR P25 network, but leveraging some of the broadband technology to do complementary technologies. The other thing to hit on is the APX NEXT is actually a premium device. So if we think about the APX family that is, quite candidly been the most successful product in the history of this Company. This will be kind of the Cadillac, if you will, or the premium tier and we should think of that is kind of taken three to five years historically. We have a new fleet three to five years to start making – when we start to see the sales pivot to APX NEXT and the next gen of those. So hopefully that answers your question.
Jack Molloy: Okay, Keith. So I think the question was really around EMEA versus North America. Yes. North America, just from a scale – go-to-market scale points of presence, it’s obviously our strongest market, it’s up – Q3 was up 7% in terms of constant currency and I think as Greg articulated in the open its strength across the board. It’s strength in our LMR business, strength in the command center software business and our services business and obviously we had a very good quarter in our video business. EMEA is actually for – in the third quarter, we’re actually up 2% inorganic constant currency. So some of the things we felt are obviously the headwinds – we’ve had some FX headwinds there, but it was just in Europe, two weeks ago at our partner conference, and there are some challenges in certain countries. But I would dimensionalize Europe is still relatively steady state, where we’re seeing the most pressure internationally is actually in Asia-Pac and to kind of put that into context, it’s 8% of our overall revenue. So not very material, but at the same time we’re seeing macro – we’re seeing some macro level issues. China is very small in terms of what it means from a revenue component of our country, but within the region, we’re seeing some contingents that have actually slowed some things down in certain areas. I’d also offer that when I look at the APAC business, a lot of this is on us and meaning it’s on me and and our team in terms of ability to understand the process a little bit better, where we might have some macro level issues, because budget issues, we’ve got to see through those and we’ve got to execute better as well. But as it applies to Europe, it’s not as strong as North America, obviously, but it’s fairly steady. APAC is really where we’ve seen the primary weakness as the years rolled out.
Jack Molloy: Yes. So I think we have – in two different things. In Avigilon, we have opportunity in terms of – we’ve got to increase the number of routes to market internationally, that’s in Latin America, that’s in Asia Pacific and that’s in Europe. The work is being done there to really get the product on more shelves. They were – when we acquired Avigilon, they were relatively – their focus was rightfully so in North America. And we’ve got to bring more scale to then both with our sales force and our distribution partners. That’s the first thing. Secondarily, WatchGuard has also been relatively a North America phenomenon. We actually picked up a body worn camera through the Vigilant acquisition, a company based out, who had acquired a company based out of Scotland that actually has a very nice solution internationally at a better price point. So we’re going to look at both of those options to take the body worn camera in international, but WatchGuard is really a North America Solution as it stands today.
Jack Molloy: Yes, so U.S. federal, we’ve – it was not only – we talked about the strength of the North America business and you wouldn’t have a good Q3 without a very strong federal quarter, but I would also offer, it’s been Mark McNulty and federal team has had a very good year in 2019. It’s everything from devices to systems to services and it really spans a continuum of law enforcement agencies in the Fed’s civil agencies as well as our Defense bases in the Communication Systems we supply to them. So proud of what the team accomplished in Q3, but really, we have had a very solid 2019.
Jack Molloy: I’ll – hey Sami, it’s Jack. Two things, so for the third quarter, what we’ve seen from Products and SI, it’s both. Actually to your point, Avigilon, albeit Avigilon had a very good quarter so we’re going to see some of that. As we think about the LMR products that are in there, we had, we had strength really frankly in devices. So that’s APX devices, the APX family of which we just announced, kind of the next generation or the APX NEXT. And that strengthened the U.S. government, U.S. public safety state and local, as well as the federal government, which I just articulated had a very good quarter. Gino, I don’t know if there’s anything you’d like….
Jack Molloy: The commercial – the commercial business was actually up 3% in North America in Q3 as well, so just like a – just pretty much strength across the board.
Kelly Mark: Tim, it’s Kelly. On the software part, I will address that. First I will just say, we look at the business, we are very pleased with that. Our orders, our revenue and our backlog growth are all exceeding the market growth rate. The team has done a great job showing the benefits of the suite and the customers are definitely recognizing it. Year-to-date as we think about it, you probably referenced in the past, percent of our orders in the command center that our suite related where we have sold two or more components of our software together or where we have added on to already existing pieces of software and added to that. As we look at year-to-date, we are just over 25%, which is an improvement from what we’ve seen in the past. It’s great to see some notable customer wins, you probably saw us reference a particularly large win with Glendale, Arizona, where they bought a pretty much the entire suite, CAD, records, jail, mobility our vast solution as well and integrated those together and also customers like we see in Latin America with the Bogota in Colombia, where we added on a 911 software system in addition to what they already have in regards to CAD and records that they have. So we are seeing good traction across the board on suites and I am pleased with the progress we are seeing also in the development of what Andrew and team were doing there.
Kelly Mark: Yes, just on the competitive component. You know, look, if you look at the external view across any number of market studies out there, referenced as market growing around a high single-digit growth rate and as we referenced in the past and it has continued to play out, our software business is growing in double digits. So we’re very pleased with what we’re seeing in regards to the growth of the business. I’d also add competitively. I think as you probably saw at IACP, we’ve made a number of announcements around some additional components of our software – command center software portfolio. I’m very happy about what we’re doing. Also, one thing I’d highlight is the records portfolio and what we’re doing there. As we all know, in the command center, one of the biggest things that they deal with is just the inundation of data, pictures, video, voice that they have to handle in that records platform that we announced. It’s something that our customers are very excited about because it provides to have an opportunity with one records platform to be able to manage data that comes in from any variety of sources. So it’s not just managing body-worn video or 911 calls, it’s being able to compose all the data that comes into the command center and be able to manage it. So competitively we view that as something that is really unique part of our software portfolio that no one else can emulate. So very pleased with what we’re seeing there and the customer receptivity and the feedback we’re getting from them has been really great and it shows in the results.
Kelly Mark: Sami, I’ll take that. In regards to Avigilon, one of the things that we’ve done, we’re very pleased about is, we’ve immediately taken the Avigilon portfolio and to the extent our public safety customers are using Avigilon, we have already integrated into our command center suite. So, one of the products, which you probably saw us announce earlier in the year is CommandCentral Aware. The CommandCentral Aware is a product which helps gives our customers a consolidated view in the command center of a situation including location of officers, information related to the 911 call, any inputs around license plates and in addition to that, to the extent they access Avigilon cameras, they can have that feed into the command center. So it’s not just Avigilon, we work with a lot of other video suppliers out there because it’s important as being in the command center, that being kind of the central point where situations are controlled that we can interface to others. But of course interfacing to Avigilon is something that we incorporated earlier this year. It’s just one of the examples of the integration components that we provided through the command center.
Gino Bonanotte: Sure. Adam, yes the guidance suggests the lower end of that 22% to 23% range. It’s important to note that gross margin is above, slightly above our expectation for the full year. So really the impact is opex related to the acquisition and frankly related to some legal expense related with the Hytera IP lawsuit ongoing this year. So those are the two issues. I’m very pleased with the gross margin, it’s opex will get after the acquisitions and again legal expense until that trial is resolved or that action is resolved. We’ll continue to include that in our guidance. We’re very pleased with the performance – gross margin performance.
Gino Bonanotte: Yes. And that’s really minimal backlog George. It’s kind of a run-rate business with very little backlog, so not much of an impact at all to our backlog.
Gino Bonanotte: Yes, I think – I think you answered your Jack. it’s really on the product side, strength across the board in Q3, there wasn’t one area that was exceptional. No large deal in there that drove the results, it was broad-based, actually across all platforms, but across all the product segment.
