Greg Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. We're particularly excited to be delivering this call from our new corporate headquarters in Chicago and home of the World Champion Chicago Cubs. Pretty special. Having said that, I'd like to share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q3 was an excellent quarter. Our operational execution and solid financial results were anchored by strength in North America and our growing Managed and Support Services business. We grew revenue 8% along with significant growth in earnings and $348 million of operating cash flow. Second, we continue to invest in developing our software and services portfolio, including the recently announced Spillman Technologies acquisition. Spillman's command center software is an important complementary addition to our existing software portfolio. And finally, I'm pleased to announce that we're raising our full-year guidance for earnings and also raising the dividend by 15%. And as I look to next year, we remain committed to growing revenue and cash flow with an efficient cost structure while driving even more innovation. So at this point, I'll turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with a few thoughts. First, I was pleased with our performance in Q3. We grew revenue and improved earnings and cash flow. We made investments and performed well in a number of key areas, including continued growth in our Managed and Support Services business and strong results in North America. Additionally, the $600 million of organic backlog growth in Managed and Support Services I think is a strong indication of the confidence expressed by our customers in the ongoing criticality and longevity of LMR into the future. And finally, looking to 2017, I like our path and our momentum towards continued revenue growth, earnings expansion, and strong cash flow generation. And now I'll turn it back over to Chris.
Greg Brown: Tavis, in regards to WAVE 7000, we're very pleased with the award from Southern Linc. WAVE 7000 is a result of a product reflected in the acquisition we made probably 18 months to two years ago with Twisted Pair. It's one of the early sales of WAVE. It's a high-end, high-performance Push-to-Talk solution. But we worked with that opportunity for several months and we're pleased we got the nod.
Greg Brown: So let me take the second one first on Spillman Technologies. We're not going to dimensionalize yet, Pierre, the revenue until the deal closes, which we would expect to be sometime between now and the end of the year. The way to think about it is it's right in the sweet spot of what we talked around deploying capital in command center software. So we have a high-end CAD offering, a Tier 1 offering, if you will, for large cities in CAD that we've been selling for several years. Spillman complements that nicely with Tier 2 and Tier 3, so it rounds out the portfolio around CAD, and consistent with the software in command centers that we said was critical to marry with the incident management and situational awareness of our radio communications offerings. We'll be able to dimensionalize it more specifically after it closes. I would, though, just say I think I would describe it as a small tuck-in, so I wouldn't want you to think of significant materiality in changing our expectations for 2017. As it relates to 2017, as Gino talked about, the way to think about it is Airwave being flat. I have to say Airwave's performed absolutely consistent to our expectations. The contract is unchanged. Obviously, we've had pressure from the pound from the time that we acquired it. But year-over-year expect Airwave to be flat at about $460 million. iDEN, as expected and pretty much almost done, winds down another $50 million in 2017. But even with those ingredients, we still expect growth overall and assuming that overall growth is, obviously, organic growth overall. But beyond that, we would then finish Q4 and specify the actual numbers on the next call.
Greg Brown: We are. We're fully engaged and committed to FirstNet. I think we expect an announcement soon this month or next month. That's kind of what we're thinking about. And I think we're well-positioned. Remember that we believe it is additive to land mobile radio. I think the best example of that is what we talked about earlier, a few minutes ago about the $600 million of organic backlog growth in Managed and Support Services. But we've worked very closely on it, had an extensive team on it. And I think we are well-positioned, given the domain expertise in Public Safety, our go-to-market sales force, and some of the uniqueness we also bring in the interoperability of existing LMR that'll interconnect to LTE networks.
Greg Brown: No, it's not. And I'll let the UK Home Office speak about their own requirements. What I would say on ESN is we, particularly Bruce Brda's team, are closely engaged with the customer. I think the deliverables that we're responsible for are progressing well. In fact, I was just in London last week. We stay closely aligned with that customer, and we will continue to work closely with them on whatever they decide ultimately the rollout schedule will be.
Greg Brown: Sure. So, let's talk about kind of the Public Safety LTE opportunity. Remember, as we think about it, I think – forget FirstNet for a minute. Outside of FirstNet and the four big awards that we've had, I would describe it globally as slow and fluid. Now, we're thrilled that we won the four largest awards to-date. We were (28:14) one of those being ESN, of course, we're working actively on all four of those engagements and, as I mentioned earlier, we've been very active in participating in a response for FirstNet. I think that from a revenue expectation standpoint, I talked previously about approximately $130 million of Public Safety LTE revenue this year. As we think about it, even though we're not guiding for 2017, in terms of that area of opportunity, I would say it's comparable to maybe slightly up. But again, even with FirstNet, we're not anticipating any meaningful revenue at all on FirstNet for 2017. So, obviously, we've invested in a leading-edge portfolio over the last several years. We really like our position globally and here domestically. And we'll see what unfolds here with FirstNet between now and the end of the year.
Greg Brown: I think our expectations along those lines are unchanged, but more specifically, we will continue to pursue and evaluate acquisitions. Think of them in three buckets: the command center software, which we announced with Spillman, look to close that between now and the end of the year. The Managed Services business, we obviously closed Airwave in February, and there are a few opportunities of what I would characterize as mini Airwaves, a lot more mini Airwaves, nothing of that size. But if there's opportunities where we could get a healthy return on invested capital by taking over the management of a Public Safety network either domestically or internationally, we'll evaluate it and consider it. And lastly, just areas that reinforce our durability in the Public Safety platform business, we'll give consideration as well. But it's consistent with what we've talked about, primarily with a focus around software and services.
Greg Brown: Yeah. So, Vijay, what I would say, our outlook for Q4 grounded in 9% to 10% top-line growth includes a few things. Number one, the core business returns to organic growth in Q4. Really important. We stated that is our intention and we anticipate fulfilling that. So that's obviously a significant key component. Second, Product backlog has grown both sequentially and year-on-year. Also important as we are almost midway through Q4 from a momentum standpoint. Third, overall backlog growth is up in North America, EMEA and Latin America. And as Gino referenced a few minutes ago, aged backlog overall is up year-on-year as well. So those are nice trends to run through the tape through Q3 and positions us very well I think both for performance that's incorporated into the way we've thought about the guidance for Q4.
Greg Brown: I don't think we need a bigger presence in any of them in terms of acquisitions, per se. Now, Molloy has done a good job increasing our presence from a go-to-market standpoint. We've added some sales coverage in some of the commercial markets, non-public safety. We've added some go-to-market sales coverage in EMEA. But I don't think as we look across the global landscape that we're lacking in any one particular region. Now having said that, if there are opportunities that we think are convenient and provide a nice return on invested capital in one theater or another, we'll consider it and we'll pursue it accordingly.
Greg Brown: Well, as I mentioned – I mean, in Q4, I think we're anticipating growth in all regions. And so the backlog has been up in virtually all of the regions. So I think, as always, 65% of our company is North America. So from a dollar standpoint, you can think about it and dimensionalize it with that being larger than the other regions. But I think Molloy and team have done a nice balanced job to give us what we need to for forward-looking momentum.
Greg Brown: I think it's TBD, too early to talk about Product-specific segment for 2017. It has been up in backlog for a number of quarters consecutively and we're pleased with the trends on that, but wouldn't get out yet talking about that segment for 2017. I think on the kind of Next Generation Public Safety area, software and services, if you want to describe it that way, I'm pretty pleased with it. I think we're measured in our investments. It's not large, as you know, but it's important. If you think about Services as an example, 40% of our revenue – 40% of the company's revenue is Services and 25% of the company's revenue is recurring. So, as we build traction and expand multi-year services backlog, that's a great thing. And again, it represents the confidence our customers have in the efficacy and the performance of LMR and the longevity of it. And then we layer on additional applications, intelligent middleware, command center software, analytics and other things that we think could position us well with value-added services and software in the command center that are on top of our typical infrastructure or mission-critical communications product business. So I'm pleased with it. I think there'll continue to be some opportunities for inorganic as well within the envelope of the capital allocation model that we've talked about on a normalized basis. So we've always talked 50/30/20. 50% of our operating cash flow would be used for share repurchase or M&A, 30% for CapEx, and 20% for dividend. And I think we'll continue to operate in that envelope – 30% actually dividend, 20% CapEx. I always am dyslexic on that, sorry. But I think we have a good balance sheet and a good position to be able to pursue these.
Greg Brown: Yeah. We reduced OpEx $27 million in Q3. I think the team has done a fantastic job of making our cost structure more competitive and lowering the fixed cost profile of the business so that as volume grows, we have variable cost that attaches to it. Look, I think the heavy lifting is behind us on the OpEx and as we think about it going forward, we think about it, the overall OpEx is roughly flat to slightly down, but flattish in 2017.
Greg Brown: Again, I think the software piece of it is a few hundred million. It's relatively small. The Services business, as I talked about, is much larger. I think as we think about it, we believe that software and services should be able to perform at a multiple in terms of growth rate of the core business. So whatever that may be, but it's 2x or 3x perhaps as a multiple of top line revenue growth that would be contributory from software and services.
Greg Brown: I think that our current thinking is flattish to maybe slightly down, but flattish would be probably more prudent at this point.
Greg Brown: Well, as our team knows, there's always more room. But I think from a planning standpoint, we've taken a ton out. If I look over the last five years or so, it's almost a third of actual below gross margin operating expense that's come out. To your point, there's always good guys and bad guys, but managing the mix of that as well as foreign exchange, I think our current thinking is generally flattish.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Tavis, this is Gino. I'll take the gross margin question to begin with. As far as gross margins for going into Q4, Q4 we expect gross margins comparable with the prior year. And for 2017, early we'll give further guidance on our next call, but the expectation should be high 40%s. The margins have moved, as you indicated. There's a couple things driving it. We'll start with Services. Within Services, clearly, Airwave margin has impacted our gross margins as well as the Norway project roll-off. Remember, over the past several quarters, we've talked about margins returning for Services in the mid-30%s after the roll-off of Systems Integration. So those are two primary drivers on the Services side. On the Products side, comparable to the prior year in Q3 and mix to North America drove a margin profile in Q3.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure. So I'll start with the Airwave contract. As Greg mentioned, Airwave is performing exactly as we expected and from a sterling perspective, has not changed. It's simply a matter of FX year-over-year being flat. There's no change to the contract, and we expect full-year 2017 revenue at about $460 million. Kulbinder, the integration is underway on Airwave and really we'll update you further on 2017 on our next call.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And just to follow up really, Kulbinder, on the second question you had, Kulbinder, with respect to 2017 – and obviously, we'll give you far more color on 2017 in our next call. But really the view of 2017 does start with aged backlog currently in 2017 versus the prior year. So, our position through the end of Q3 in backlog aged in 2017 and, as Jack said, some comparable or some favorable comps in a couple of regions.
Gino A. Bonanotte: From a currency headwind perspective, it's de minimis. It's not a driver and it's not really much of a headwind year-over-year.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yes. $0.50 to the bottom line, I think that was a very – an early estimate we gave. And you think about it in terms of $0.50 on a GAAP basis and better than that on a non-GAAP basis, approximately $0.80.
