Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Chris, good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll now share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q3 was another strong quarter. We grew revenue 13%, grew EPS 27%, and generated more cash compared to last year on continued strength in both segments. Second, I'm encouraged with our continued backlog growth, which is up over $0.5 billion compared to last year, and now sits at a Q3 record ending $9.5 billion, and does not yet include over $2 billion of expected backlog, related to the Airwave and ESN extensions, or the State of Florida award. And finally, based on our Q3 performance, we're raising our earnings outlook again for the full year. We now expect earnings per share to be in the range of $7 to $7.05. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 results and outlook, before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gregory Q. Brown: And thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, I'm very pleased with our Q3 results that were led by North America. We see strong demand across land mobile radio products, services and software, and the Avigilon acquisition continues to perform ahead of our expectations. Second, I like our momentum in the Services and Software segment. Q3 was another strong quarter for our Services business as well, and we're seeing continued traction with recent command center wins that highlight the power of our end-to-end software suite. And while there's more work to do, I remain excited about the recurring revenue, margin expansion, and earnings potential of this segment going forward. And finally, as I look ahead, I feel good about our competitive position. We have a compelling portfolio serving vibrant segments of large addressable markets. We have a strong team focused on consistent execution, a healthy balance sheet, and durable growing cash flows that provide flexibility for continued shareholder returns. I'll now turn the call back over to Chris.
Gregory Q. Brown: No, I think, Adam, it's pretty integrated with our business. And I think it's – I think of the Software and I think about the critical importance driven by command center software. So, I think of three legs of the stool, I think of our land mobile radio business, I think of our command center software business, and I think of our video business through Avigilon, and then services that integrate or wrap around all three. So as we've said, that segment is pretty much a proxy for recurring revenue of the firm. I think Andrew Sinclair on the Software side, Kelly obviously inherits now the entire segment with Bruce Brda's retirement. I feel good about this segment and its integration and interrelatedness with our business as a whole, and you saw the strong performance in Q3, and as Gino talked about, I think there's gross margin and operating margin expansion for sure in 2019, and quite frankly, beyond. So, I think it's a very key part of our strategy, and I think about it in an integrated way from a company perspective.
Gregory Q. Brown: And I'd add that – especially with the recent legislation around the National Defense Authorization Act, that prohibits the procurement of Chinese content with video surveillance, specifically Hikvision and Dahua, the opportunity is even greater than we've originally thought, I think, both for the Federal market, for sure, and we haven't had any traction, so to speak, given the sales cycle on state and local. So I'm pleased with the way Jack is running it. Remember, we're operating it as a fully contained subsidiary, but it's also important to note we're investing. We're investing in go-to-market distribution, and we're investing in development to further extend our portfolio and product lead. Feel very good about that acquisition.
Gregory Q. Brown: So we still anticipate signing a contract for Airwave, ESN extensions. We're targeting by the end of the year. I mentioned that in my backlog comment. None of that is – the extension piece are not reflected in backlog. Airwave is about – and I know you talked about ESN, but just to put a marker down, Airwave is about $1.45 billion through that three-year extension. And ESN, the extension, what they call the CAN Agreement (22:38), would be signed at the same time. I think our expectations for ESN specifically, which is your question, is reasonably modest for 2019. I think it will take some traction to get utilization and final definition and agreement, but the Airwave extension is pretty cut and dry and clear for that three-year monetization of $1.45 billion. A lot of great work by the team here with the UK Home Office. Feel good about both of those deals.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah, and I think that's the key. I think our Asia-Pac strategy is led largely by Australia. As it relates to China, and as anticipated, it's not really significant against the overall composition of the firm. China represents about 2% of our overall revenue. We have about 170 employees in Mainland China, and as a part of a very concerted multiyear effort, we do not do manufacturing in China. We don't do product development. It is more about sales and sales support and go-to-market distribution.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah, actually, I think we're growing across pretty much all of our platforms. You talked about Software and Services and Avigilon, but I'm very pleased with the land mobile radio business as well. Look, we're not going to guide specifically on 2019, but the way we think about it currently is the segment of Product (sic) [Products] (27:11) and Systems Integration is generally a low-single-digit revenue growth business. Services and Software, all-in, is a high-single-digit business. And our current thinking, I feel very good about our momentum, feel very good about our record Q3 backlog, but our current thinking is organic revenue growth constant currency next year can be comparable to this year. And that's with about $80 million of FX headwinds for next year, and that current thinking also contemplates no meaningful FirstNet revenue contribution next year. Now, having said that, from a linearity standpoint, we always have Q1 being much lighter than normal, as we look at the full year, and I think that that kind of performance for 2019 will be comparable to 2018. But that's our current thinking.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah, George, this is Gino. That looks about right, and I'll remind you that at the acquisitions, operating margin percentage is down obviously. Earnings are up, it's related to acquisitions and a little bit of ASC 606 as well.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah. So, from a tax rate perspective, maybe it's instructive to start with Q3. So Q3, 18% versus 30% last year. About half of that, George, is related to the tax legislation. The other half is split between return to provision estimate and deemed dividends and stock compensation. So as we look forward, we guided the 22.5% ETR for the full year, and as we look into next year a little bit, the tax rate, our expectation is somewhere 24% to 25%. So, Q3 was a little bit lower rate based on those couple of items.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure. Adam, this is Gino. So we'll start from an OpEx perspective. Really, the increase is related to acquisitions. There's also a little bit of the ASC 606, but it's acquisition-related, and clearly, as we continue to grow revenue in those acquisitions, that will offset the incremental OpEx. The base business, the expectations haven't changed from the beginning of the year. We continue to drive cost reductions frankly in the base business, offset by increases in OpEx. From a – the second part of the question was operating margin for PS&I (sic) [P&SI] (17:38). Yeah, so the way to think about PS&I (sic) [P&SI] (17:42) is obviously PS&I (sic) [P&SI] (17:44) now includes Systems Integration, and it also includes some of the acquisitions and the additional costs in the acquisitions, both from a [ph] VGM (17:55) perspective, and frankly, from a gross margin perspective as well based on current volumes. So we do expect PS&I (sic) [P&SI] (18:03) gross margin to expand, and we expect to end the year – I think I mentioned in my prior comments – to end the year at approximately 21%. We expect that to expand anywhere between 100 and 200 basis points in 2019.
Gino A. Bonanotte: No, Josh. This is Gino. No change to the duration of our backlog as we began offering the service – multiyear service offering. So we did see a little bit of a duration extension in Services, as that represented revenue that would be realized over multiple years. But no change certainly in 2018 to our expectation of the duration of backlog in either Products and Systems Integration, or in Services and Software.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Vijay, this is Gino. Just very quickly, the preponderance of that FX headwind is in the first half next year.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah, so Vijay, I'm not sure we're going to guide on all the elements of 2019, but I think you can expect more of the same. As Jack and Greg both mentioned, investments in the acquisition, specifically in Avigilon in terms of go-to-market and in terms of R&D, but you can continue to expect very rigorous and disciplined attention to OpEx as we go forward into 2019. And on the next call, we'll give you a more detailed view of what 2019 looks like.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah, Paul, this is Gino. No, you should not expect to see any more. This is a longstanding EPA site related to one of our legacy businesses in Scottsdale, Arizona. And really, what it represents is, if you look at the $57 million, about $20 million is additive costs, but from a cost perspective per year in 2019, the additive cost is about $800,000. So the cost is really related to an extension beyond 2039 of monitoring that we need to do in Scottsdale, both groundwater and vapor intrusion monitoring. And then there's also a change in the discount rate that we used. So from a cash perspective, you shouldn't expect any different cash-out position anywhere in the near term, and certainly we don't expect any additional reserves on this particular item going forward.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah, it's really related to restructuring, Paul, and certainly we don't expect, for the organizations that we restructured, we don't expect that to recur again. So that's why it's in the column (31:28).
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah. Certainly, I mean there may be other restructuring we may do, but certainly not the restructuring that we did in Q2 and Q3.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure. So let me start with Services and Software. We clearly expect gross margin expansion in 2018 versus last year, 250 basis points. And we expect continued expansion into 2019. We talked about our expectation for operating margin to be approximately 30% in 2019 versus 28% in 2018. That's a combination of both, but we clearly expect to see continued margin expansion as we move forward in Services and Software. And that will result in margin expansion overall as well.
John P. Molloy: Okay. Keith, It's Jack. So in terms of Avigilon, obviously we announced the acquisition in early February this year, through two quarters, a little bit more than two quarters of business, frankly has exceeded our expectations. So the market's about $12 billion ex-China, which has been growing at a 5% growth rate. We're essentially tripling that growth rate in the market. We are making investments in go-to-market, and continue to make investments in the portfolio as well, and we see continued leverage and growth for that business into 2019. So it's performing very well.
John P. Molloy: Okay, Josh. So, obviously, for the Americas, continued, really it's across the board. I mean, great performance in both Product (sic) [Products] (23:40) and SI. We've grown and that's the LMR portfolio both to the government and commercial space, as well as Avigilon. And then the Software and the Services business, really that North America's the anchor point of that business, and it performed very well in Q3, really it's performed very well all year. So obviously, backlog is up 9% there, but good traction in the Americas. In EMEA, it's really been the story of Avigilon, and then the Products and Systems Integration, they're up as well. So pretty balanced story in both of our largest theaters really. And Asia-Pac, frankly, the business has performed. We've grown in Asia-Pac this year. In fact, we plan to grow every theater that we operate within, but we've had some pressure in China, frankly, but I would remind everybody that our largest business in Asia-Pac is Australia. Australia performs exceptionally well for us. Australia, in fact, is really, frankly, more than twice as big as China for us in the region. That's our anchor tenancy in Asia-Pac, and so a little bit of competition in China and the surrounding area, but frankly, we continue to perform well in Asia-Pac as well.
John P. Molloy: Hey, Tim, it's Jack. I'll take the first one and then pass the baton to Gino. So first of all, I think the first part of the question was related to big deals. Obviously, in Greg's intro, we talked about the State of Florida, which is frankly the biggest state-wide project. It was a legacy Harris customer that we've been awarded. So we have that and we have multiple other state-wide upgrades that we're in pursuit of. The LMR project business remains, frankly, it's very robust. I would tether that comment to the fact that the team's executed very well with the portfolio that we've got a couple new product introductions. We have not announced the new product yet, but both from a command center software, we've got a lot on the horizon there, but also some nice things here in 2019 related to our devices as well. So, the sales team is very poised, very excited to take that to market. But so I think the culmination of the market drivers, state and local revenue receipts being up, very good Federal budget situation for us, coupled with new product on the horizon, it's exciting times, I think, in the Project 25 and PCR business.
