Gregory Q. Brown: Good morning, and thanks, Shep. Thanks for joining us on our call today. As I think about the business and reflect on the quarter, there are 3 key themes that I'd like to cover. First, although down for the quarter, sales performance was in line with our expectations. We continue to see soft demand in North America state and local government, which we believe is largely a result of the narrowband impact from prior years. Despite this market pause, we do expect strong second half sales, given our improved pipeline and visibility of customer engagements that Mark will make comments on later in the call. Second, we're making excellent progress on our cost reduction target of $200 million plus and today, we're increasing that target to approximately $300 million by the end of 2015. There's no better time than now to transform this company into a more nimble and flexible organization that can move faster and more efficiently to deliver the right results for our customers and partners and shareholders. This is not just about cutting costs. It's also about removing complexity, and it's also about redeploying some of the savings to make targeted investments and initiatives that will yield future growth. And finally, we remain focused and committed to closing our recently announced sale of the Enterprise business. Our teams continue to make progress on a number of work streams to position that business for a smooth and seamless transition. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q2 results and our outlook, and then we'll return to provide additional thoughts and color on the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, on iDEN, I know that the reduction in iDEN, Simona, in Q3 is about $25 million in Q3. Second is we do not see a chilling effect of LTE chilling LMR purchases. We do not see that. I recognize that there are some that believe that's the case. We have not seen any material evidence of that at all. We remain on the perspective that the down revenue in the first 9 months of this year is more the overhang of narrowbanding and to some degree, the shutdown of the iDEN network and Sprint. And in terms of the iDEN decline in the first half of the year...
Gregory Q. Brown: So I think the answer is yes, that we still stand behind this business -- this core business to grow low- to mid-single digits. I think there are a number of things that will turn our way over time. Obviously, one is the year-over-year comps. Second is greater revenue density and contribution from Public Safety LTE. We mentioned $50 million of revenue in the second half of this year. That will grow nicely into next year with contracts that are in-hand that we have to then turn and complete. I think the narrowbanding will largely be behind us by the end of this year. And I also think that the product portfolio, some of the newer products. And quite frankly, the emphasis on Services with Bob Schassler here around lifecycle services, managed services, software maintenance agreements and some of the things that Moon is doing around geographic and vertical market expansion -- growth, Kulbinder, in areas beyond just Public Safety. And we've seen some of that already that as we've moved to a pure-play company, focused only on mission-critical communications, investing in the channel, redeploying and improving sales coverage in some international theaters, emphasizing North America commercial markets like some of the other verticals of oil and gas, manufacturing, I think will pay off. So we believe that this business can grow by low- to mid-single digits. We have the product portfolio, and the backlog position and the commitment around innovation to continue to distinguish ourselves going forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: So we've launched a pretty comprehensive effort led by one of our executives, Michael Annes, that we call simplify and grow. And as Gino referenced, we're taking a clean sheet of paper look at the company and say we don't look at what Motorola was. We look at what we need to be: sites, footprint, manufacturing, R&D, shared services, G&A. And as we dig into this, Pierre, further, we see other savings that can accrue to us so that we can turn around and invest and grow the company more sustainably going forward. With $75 million of savings already recorded in the first half through Q2, that's what caused us primarily to increase the $100 million target this year to approximately $150 million of this year. Now I remind you that a chunk of that is incentive pay benefits. But having said that, we'll still go after incremental G&A and other cost reductions worldwide that we think will be prudent and quite frankly, strengthen our competitiveness. So that's why we continue to dig deeper and see more efficiencies that are available to us, and we're going to capitalize on those and then reinvest surgically so capital is allocated and deployed in a way that makes the most sense for the shareholder.
Gregory Q. Brown: On the other verticals, Tim, my commentary is really more around North America, although there are some internationally as well. I thought maybe, Mark, you can drill a little bit deeper into this -- some of the verticals that we've seen with Molloy and McNulty.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, let me take the last one first. No, I didn't make comments on the Street's models. I think it was a question where Moon said a few minutes ago that he thought that we were -- to Ehud's question, that Q3 and Q4 were generally in the second half from our perspective expected to where we thought it would be. So product backlog was up, to your earlier question. Product backlog was up $42 million exiting Q2, and we expect to exit Q3 with product backlog to grow pretty substantially. At the end of the day, as Mark described, this is about order visibility and converting those orders within Q3 and Q4. But we -- clearly, we would expect product backlog to increase exiting Q3.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Okay. Tavis, I'll take -- this is Gino. I'll take the first part of the question. The $1.7 billion in OpEx for 2015 is the full year OpEx for 2015, not the exiting run rate.
Gino A. Bonanotte: The iDEN decline in Q2 specifically was $18 million compared to the $25 million that you stated for Q3.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Ehud, this is Gino. I'll take the first part of the question. It is primarily tax that's driving the difference. Margin and OpEx, fairly consistent quarter-over-quarter. I will remind you that in OpEx last year in Q3, we had a year-to-date adjustment for incentive pay, so it's approximately flat quarter-over-quarter, up slightly actually in Q3 year-over-year. But it's primarily driven by tax. And Mark if...
Gino A. Bonanotte: And Tim, from a gross margin perspective, it might be -- it's instructive to start a little bit and talk about Q2 gross margin. So the Q2 gross margin was impacted primarily by Services. And within Services, there were 2 large items: one, the decline in iDEN; and the second, an unfavorable adjustment to a large project in Q2. With respect to margins going forward, we clearly see improvement in the second half. And that's driven largely by revenue, by a much larger second half and particularly the mix that we expect to see towards North America. So that margin profile will improve. Also, it's important to note that ASPs are holding through this period. So the gross margin contraction that we're seeing is really a mix to services and volume-related. So we expect to see margin improvement in the second half as we mix back to a more normalized revenue structure, as well as product offerings in services in general -- increases -- as we increase software features and as we increase the number of our customers that are under our software maintenance agreement.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Okay. This is Gino. I'll take the first part of that question and maybe ask Mark to comment on the second part of it. As far as the makeup of the $50 million year-over-year contraction, it's approximately 50% related to execution, supply chain and IT issues, specific to business process improvements that we made in Q2. And about half of it demand-related, specifically in APME. Also important, as we noted, that July is off to a good start, with robust orders and several wins in Androids. And Mark, if you want to comment on the demand side.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And just one more note, Andrew. The improvements, the changes in Q2 are behind us. And they impacted Q2 and we don't expect them to recur.
Mark F. Moon: Tavis, I'll talk about Q4. This is Mark. Really, the Q4 and second half in Q4 story is exactly the same that we talked about on the Q1 earnings call. We knew when we provided second quarter guidance that we had to have a strong second half. We also talked about -- staged backlog that was going to require new orders to come into fruition throughout Q3 and the early part of Q4. We are in that same position. In fact, we talked about the pipeline being over $1 billion stronger in the second half than the first half. That pipeline has actually improved since our last earnings call. Visibility and the strength of that pipeline continues to improve. As you know, second quarter was slightly better than our expectations. And as we go into third quarter, we also believe that we will get additional orders that will build backlog as we enter into fourth quarter. So I would remind you, the other thing about kind of Q4. At the surface, the number that we're expecting for Q4 is very similar to last year. And in fact, we gave this kind of expectation last year and we executed on it. Our visibility to the pipeline is actually better this year than last year. We also have a couple of things working for us as we go into that. The comparable for our Federal business, as you know, which was down $150 million last year, is much better this year, so we expect growth in Federal. The iDEN decline will primarily be completed in the first 9 months, so we won't see any of that in Q4. The other thing is as we think about the overall business and what we've got to do from an orders perspective, we can see our way clear to exactly what large customers we've got to execute on. And as you mentioned, projects like LA-RICS, Libya, some additional revenues for large projects that are also already in our backlog but not yet logged like State of Maryland will help build revenue in Q4. So all in all, we're still in the same position, but actually with better visibility than we came in 3 months ago.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. Ehud, the second quarter performance, as we said, slightly better than what the original guidance was, really driven by North America, which was a good thing. We had said that we needed to turn orders in North America. That was really the case, primarily infrastructure in services. But we are exiting Q2 with about $40 million of aged backlog in the second half of Product, which means we'll turn quicker. So that was really the reference to a little bit stronger in Q2. The other regions performed primarily as expected. If you think about the other question that you asked around LA-RICS, which is a wonderful example of what Greg said when we do not see a chilling effect of LTE. LA-RICS, as you know, we just mentioned that we're in the midst of implementing their Public Safety LTE network, of which approximately $50 million of revenue will be in the second half and a big continued ramp in next year to implement that full system. At the same time, we're also in the midst of implementing a brand new LMR contract. So for the city of L.A., L.A. County, all the independent cities, they're in the midst of upgrading to a P25 mission-critical voice system as well. So we're seeing that both here domestically and internationally, where we had talked about implementing our LTE system. They're also implementing a new voice system. So we do not see them as being one or the other. I think they're actually complementary around voice and data.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. I mean, we actually -- and that was kind of the comment I had made. We really are in the same place we were at that point of guidance. We expected to be able to execute on Q2, which we did. We knew that Q3 would still not be as strong as we expected, and we had a huge ramp in Q4. Obviously, pulling in orders into Q3 so that we exit Q3 with additional backlog, which we believe that we will, will be important. But we're really in the same position that we thought we were in at the end of Q1.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. So from an international basis, we've always been much more diverse in the split between Public Safety and additional verticals. In North America, we've been primarily focused on the North America Government business. One of the things we did with this new MSI and the divestiture of our Enterprise business was created a new go-to market team and a new focus within Jack Molloy's team in North America to really say, how do we get after the other commercial customers here? We want to continue to leverage our government customers, but we need to get broader in North America. And we're seeing immediate success, both in the automotive manufacturing -- we've had good success in several of those. Energy. If you think about petrochem, we've had a couple of big wins there. We think, even as you think about the Fortune 500, that we primarily were calling on with our Enterprise sales team but yet has applicability to our Government or our Products portfolio for Remainco. I think it's good to be a good opportunity for us to further expand into these other verticals as we go forward.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. The -- from a demand perspective, it was really demand in Asia. And more specifically, Andrew, it was demand in China. I would remind you that last year in China, we actually had very strong double-digit growth in Enterprise, so coming from that perspective. This year, though, throughout the year, we've seen a decline in China in the Enterprise space throughout. Now with that said, the good news is the rest of the regions continue to perform really as expected, and we still anticipate growth for full year in all the other regions -- North America, Latin America, Europe and Africa.
Mark F. Moon: So Keith, from an Enterprise perspective, I think it's really mostly macroeconomic environment. Obviously, the competitor base in Asia is a little bit different, while we see our traditional competitors, you see a lot more low-tier competitors as well. And I think, overall, the macroeconomics are impacting almost all businesses in Asia. When we think about our existing or the new Motorola Solutions, I would say the Asia market has really been slower to recover or return to growth than we expected. But it's primarily 2 issues: it's China and it's Australia, this year. And when you think about China, what you just said from a, if you will, new business perspective, it's really the localization pressures that we still have. There's a new standard in China called PDT. Fortunately for us, we were admitted to the PDT alliance last month, so we expect to successfully compete in that business as we go forward, but we had been shut out prior to that. In Australia, it's a little different. It's really around the economy, the pressure FX-wise against the dollar, as well as the declining minerals and energy market, the mining industry, which has been a boom the last few years. In Australia, our business is always over-indexed. And this year, we're down 25%, and we're down almost 10% in China through the half. Now the rest of Asia is actually up. So again, we're making good progress. And in Australia in particular, we also have several large projects that we expected to get earlier in the year that we expect now to receive orders for before the end of the year, almost $200 million. And that business then we'll exit as we go forward. So Enterprise, all in all, is responding well throughout the world. It's responding well in Asia. China, in particular, has been the issue.
