Gregory Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'm going to share a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and outlook. First, Q1 was an outstanding start to the year. We achieved revenue growth of 10%, earnings per share growth of 27%, expanded operating margins by 220 basis points and generated record Q1 operating cash flow of $382 million. We also finished the quarter with $14.4 billion of backlog, up $300 million versus last year.  Second, our outstanding Q1 performance was broad-based. In our Products and SI segment, revenue was up 14% and operating margins increased 590 basis points as we continue to see strong demand for our feature-rich LMR products, including APX NEXT and our refreshed PCR portfolio. In Software and Services revenue was up 4%, inclusive of the Airwave of charge control and our exit from the ESN contract.  Excluding U.K. home office revenues, Software and Services revenues increased double digits, driven by continued strong demand for our LMR service offerings and our software applications in Video Security and Command Center. And finally, based on our strong start to the year and continued robust demand, we're raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full year.   I'll now turn the call over to Jason. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Jason. And let me just close with a few thoughts. First, Q1 was outstanding across the Board. We achieved strong revenue growth in all three technologies. We significantly increased operating margins. We generated record Q1 operating backlog -- operating cash flow and our strong ending backlog positions us well going forward. As a result, we're raising our expectations for both revenue and earnings for the full year.  Second, during the quarter, we announced that we mutually agreed with Silver Lake to settle the convertible notes. Silver Lake has been a great partner since their initial investment in 2015, and I'm very pleased that Greg Mondre is remaining on our Board. And finally, as I look forward, I'm exceptionally pleased with how well we're positioned.  The investments we've made in our LMR product portfolio are driving meaningful revenue growth and margin expansion. Our recurring revenues are increasing as a result of the continued strong demand for our services. We continue to see accelerated adoption of our cloud offerings, including Rave and Command Center and Avigilon Alta in Video Security and our strong balance sheet positions us well to invest both organically and inorganically for continued growth.  We ended the quarter with $1.5 billion in cash, still expect to generate $2.2 billion of operating cash flow for the year. We refinanced and extended a portion of our debt portfolio, and we received upgrades from two credit rating agencies during the quarter. All of this provides us with significant continued flexibility in how we deploy capital going forward.  I'll now turn the call over to Tim and look forward to your questions. 
Gregory Brown: Yes. Tim, on Video, pleased with the results in Q1. As you know, we remain convicted around the 10% for the full year. We did talk about last quarter that we are seeing an increased adoption to Avigilon Alta and cloud adoption. We talked last quarter and it remains unchanged. That's probably about -- probably a $40 million estimated headwind in terms of the top line growth number that informs the 10% but feel very good about Q1's performance. And by the way, in particular, the orders for video were strong, both in fixed and mobile. 
Gregory Brown: Yes. I think -- look, I can't be more pleased with the performance of LMR products and services. And Jack talked about the continued strong demand last quarter, it's the same as this quarter. In terms of APX NEXT, as an example, a lot of customers are indexing and in Q1 indexed to more feature-rich devices which helped drive revenue and quite frankly, Tim, margin expansion.  But I'd actually -- I think the way to think about LMR growth is APX writ large, the entire segment for APX Radio. They're newer. They've been upgraded. We talk about APX NEXT, which is the very high end, but the whole portfolio which we also talk about APX Originals performing exceptionally well. And then when you go over to TETRA and PCR, where we've refreshed devices there as well, that's gone very well. In fact, PCR, we now expect to grow slightly up off of record levels last year. So I'd say we're still in the middle of the game on device refresh with a lot more to run. Really pleased on that front. 
Gregory Brown: Yes. Thanks, George. So we recorded the backlog of the extension of years '27, '28 and '29, because in March, we received notice from the U.K. Home Office for the extension of Airwave. Aside from our disputes, let's put that off to the side for a minute. I think it confirms our belief all along in the durability, longevity and quite frankly, criticality of mission-critical LMR, particularly in this case, Airwave. So it reaffirms the long-standing need of how critical that technology is, and that's one of the best performing from a network performance standpoint, emergency networks in the world.  To your point, we took the backlog and recorded it at kind of worst-case scenario, i.e., it's logged -- the log backlog is at the charge control rates, which we are still contesting. As it relates to the Court of Appeal, we -- the CMA issued their final decision. We appealed to the CAT, the Competition Appeals Tribunal. We lost that. And as a result, appealed to the Court of Appeal, the U.K. Court of Appeal to see if they'll hear that case. We would expect to get clarity on that either in May or June. But having said that, we will continue to defend our position on the circumstances and conditions that extended Airwave, and we will defend ourselves accordingly. 
Gregory Brown: Our view on the full year and what's informing our raise does not change from what we updated you on the Ukraine situation last year. We did talk about $100 million, Jack referenced that about $100 million headwind. By the way, that headwind still exists. It's primarily in the second half of this year, which informs kind of the seasonality that's implied in both Q2 and our full year guide. By the way, we remain in game, I'm thrilled. We're thrilled that the Foreign Aid Bill got passed for $95 billion and Molloy's team remains actively engaged on multiple fronts. But our view in terms of the full year guide is unchanged from what we said last time. 
Gregory Brown: Still very enthusiastic about Command Center overall as a category. We still expect 10% growth for the full year. By the way, I might add that remember, ESN in the way we record revenue was in the Command Center technology bucket. So Q1 would have grown handsome double digits normalized for U.K. Home Office. And quite frankly, when you look at the 10% guide implied for Command Center for the full year, it's a number higher than that when you normalize for ESN as well. And you may want to mention just some of the other things going on. 
Gregory Brown: And in terms of margins, we -- by the way, this year, we do expect gross margins to be up slightly, and we also now expect operating margins to be up about 75 basis points. As we think about it holistically and kind of on a pro forma basis, we think the levers of volume mix, which we're enjoying now, some surgical price increases, primarily around services, where we have contracts that have appropriate cost of living mechanisms built into multiyear services contracts. And as they come due we will be disciplined in making sure we're recovering appropriate cost increases that come and hit the firm.  We look at the way we price new product as well and we continue to refresh the device portfolio and also fixed and mobile video. And then OpEx. By the way, OpEx probably will be up about $100 million this year, year-on-year. Last quarter, we told you it was about $80 million. That $20 million increase, actually, I think it's a good thing. We're investing more in the business, indexing particularly around video. We're likely to have some higher incentives around sales commissions, reflective of the higher revenue guide we're giving you for the full year. And there's some ancillary legal costs, which I actually consider investments in the business as we defend our position, both with the U.K. Home Office and continue to fight the good fight on Hytera and we'll report hopefully more news between now and the end of the year on that front.  And the other thing I'd tell you on the OpEx side, as you know, we acquired Silent Sentinel. Given the balance sheet, the aperture is pretty wide but disciplined on acquisitions we may pursue and close. And if we do that, we do that because it's financially accretive, it's strategically important. It's culturally compatible, and we can operate it or operationalize it and integrate it operationally, but also because we expect synergies on that front, too. We are built, I think, as a team, an executive team and as a company, that growing is not good enough. You've got to grow top line, you got to grow margins, you got to grow operating cash flow and you got to take share. That's when you know the firm is cooking on all cylinders. And we always look at operating margins. We're proud of them, but we know the there's more work to be done.  And by the way, I didn't even mention AI. I know a lot of companies tout it, but we'll be disciplined in our use of that internally, the [indiscernible] Jack have built it into a lot of our products in the analytics that Jason mentioned. I love what we're doing, descriptive and Generative AI as it relates to the ecosystem, around public safety and physical security. But obviously, we'll also use it in customer service internally in legal and contract management with copilot and engineering efficiencies. So that really isn't factored in at this point, and I'm not making any declaration of promises, but we'll always be able to, I think, aspirationally drive toward operating margin improvement. And I think we have the assets where we can continue to do that. 
Gregory Brown: Yes. Thank you. First and foremost, I want to thank the Motorola Solutions employees around the world and our channel partners. It's a great team, very proud of the performance in the quarter and very proud of what I think we can do between now and the end of the year. I do want to highlight, we had some great significant events in Q1, Mahesh mentioned 1 of them, the Solutions Summit in Dallas. A week ago, we had 1,300 customers. It's the largest ever event we had on that front. We demonstrated operational working public safety an enterprise security ecosystem. It was significant, well attended and lots of good feedback.  We had our first-ever joint channel partner -- executive partner forum, in February, in Orlando. The significance of that is it brought together LMR, Land Mobile Radio channel partners and Video Security and Access Control under 1 roof with common vernacular, common language, relationships we're looking to develop. And Molloy's had this mantra cross-sell, upsell. I thought that was an excellent event that was a catalyst to kind of culture and focus items we need around upselling the writ large broader portfolio between now and the end of the year. And we had a great presence at ISC West, which highlighted, of course, Video Security and Access Control, rolled out our enterprise body-worn camera, which we're getting great traction on body worn on the enterprise. So a lot of good stuff in Q1.  Look, at the end of the day, the print is great in Q1, but I'm actually more excited about our momentum, raising the year, strong backlog, but also strong funnel of opportunity and a strong balance sheet couldn't be more proud. I want to thank everybody. Thanks for listening, and we'll talk to you in a quarter. 
Jason Winkler: And Tim, on the second part of your question, you're right, software within video is growing faster than the product side. That's a trend we've been seeing. And keep in mind, it's not just Alta, it's all of the exciting developments that we have around analytics. Both of our VMSs, our software products are recorded there. Mobile video is also there, all complemented by cloud subscription. So that's a very important and fast-growing part of our business. Now the LMR piece. 
Jason Winkler: Sure. So I'll take the first one. We remain seeing the $60 million of lower broker costs, we call the PPV that we guided to 90 days ago. That's a full year number. Q1 included some of that benefit. There's more to go in getting to the total $60 million. We're on path for that. We are seeing certainly the need to use far less and the supply improvements from our direct vendors are helping us get the parts we need at the price we need. That's in part what informed our Q1 as well as our expectations for the year, complemented by the continued strong demand. So on plan in terms of the margin improvements related to lower supply chain costs, I would also point to what we talked about on the call is the continued benefit of customers adopting more feature-rich parts of the portfolio. That comes with a margin improvement for us as well. 
Jason Winkler: So Adam, I mentioned it earlier, if I -- if we exclude the Home Office impact on a multi-quarter basis, total backlog is up over $500 million and S&S backlog is up over $600 million. So while we recorded the $748 million in this Q1 related to the extension of years '27, '28, '29. We also in the quarter before that, reduced the backlog related to the pricing control implemented for years, '24, '25 and '26. So they're a bit of a cancellation, if you will, and then the core of the business at Home Office is absolutely growing. 
