Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook. First, Q2 was an excellent quarter.  We grew revenue 22%, earnings per share of 49% and operating cash flow 86% versus the prior year. Additionally, we expanded operating margins by 220 basis points and ended the quarter with $11.2 billion of backlog up 7% versus last year and a record for Q2. Second, we saw strong demand in both segments of our business during the quarter in Products and Systems Integration. Revenue was up 44% and operating margins expanded 270 basis points, driven by growth in our LMR and video security technologies and in Software and Services revenue was up 19% and operating margins expanded by 210 basis points on growth in LMR services, video security and command center software.  This strong broad-based performance highlights the strength of our business and value of our mission critical integrated ecosystem. And finally, based on the strong backlog and momentum that we're seeing across our business, we're raising again our full year guidance for both sales and earnings per share.  I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts. 
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. I thought I'd end with a few thoughts as we conclude the call. First our results for the quarter were excellent. We achieved Q2 record sales, operating earnings and EPS, expanded operating margins, grew our video security technologies by 66% and achieved strong growth in LMR and command center software technologies as well. Additionally, we finished the quarter with record Q2 ending backlog and a robust pipeline that we expect to drive growth for the remainder of the year. Inclusive of the continued supply chain challenges that we're navigating primarily in LMR. Second in video security demand remains strong. We've continued investing in this area, even during the early days of the pandemic and these investments have positioned us well to capture the increased demand we are now seeing from our customers. Additionally, we just announced our acquisition of Openpath, a leader in cloud-based access control solutions, Openpath is disrupting the Access Control industry and extends our value proposition in the $15 billion video security market. As a result, we're also renaming the technology within our revenue disaggregation from video, security and analytics. So now video security and access control to reflect these investments and the future of video and access control convergence. And finally, as I look to the second half of the year. I'm encouraged, I'm encouraged by our execution across all of the businesses. In LMR customer are looking to invest in their networks, including several statewide upgrades and we're gaining traction with our APX NEXT device designed for the highest tier of public safety requirements. In video security and command center software, we're leveraging our large installed base and go to market footprint to drive continued strong growth. And with respect to ESG we recently released our 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report, which highlights our strategy and performance. Our work in this critically important area has been recognized by Forbes, who named us as one of the best employers for diversity and Barron's who named us as one of the most sustainable companies. I'm proud of what our teams are doing and look forward to further progress as we continue to deliver mission critical solutions that create value for employees, customers communities and our shareholders.  And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Tim. 
Greg Brown: Yes on command center software. We continue to Tim to make good progress. Our growth rate in Q2 increasing over Q1. The penetration of new customers also continues to expand from a suite standpoint. I think the number of customers in Q2, ordering the suite is comparable or about 25%. We stated last time a quarter ago. But we continue to make solid progress on multiple fronts on the command center software slide and overall I think I'm pretty pleased.
Greg Brown: So in terms of PCR you kind of taking a step back, obviously we've raised the full year again for the second time Sami. If you look at this from a segment level, our performance is strong in both segments, software and services is stronger. But also we had given color that we thought product and SI would grow mid-single digits for the full year, our raise is driven byproduct and SI now being expected to grow mid to high-single digits for the full year that stronger growth is driven primarily by video, but also by LMR. In Q2 PCR had a great quarter, strong double-digit growth, but it's also the area as Jason referenced. That's probably the most supply constrained. So if I think about SAM of your question about expectations for PCR growth over the full year. I'd like to think about it is mirroring the mid to high-single digits for the product and SI segment overall. Q2 was much stronger than that, but in the second half. We have to continue to navigate supply constraints and that's informing our expectations and guidance for full year PCR.  On Openpath, it's not profitable for the remainder of the year, full year the stub revenue period, it's probably about $5 million of incremental revenue in the second half of this year, the last five months, and it's a nickel dilutive but having said that, I am super excited by this acquisition. I think it's leading edge around cloud-based multi-factor authentication access control. I love the products. I love the architecture. I love the management team and the leadership team Mahesh was instrumental in guiding this along with Raj and John Kedzierski and couldn't be more pleased with the. I don't know if you want to mention anything, Mahesh about it. 
Greg Brown: And just last item on the revenue you would asked. It's about $0.05 dilutive to EPS this year. And in $5 million in revenue in the second half.
Greg Brown: Sure. So I think the starting out, are there. Are there more big opportunities in the federal government. Yes, I would tell you the federal government is ripe with opportunities. There's opportunities by way of an NDA. There is opportunities that our go-to-market teams have created also the Pelco acquisition, if you recall from a year ago had federal contracts in place. So there's opportunities there. So the federal government as part of the overall government market is one of the three largest growth vectors for us in fixed video. The second part of your question, I believe. Eric, can you just repeat was the second part of on enterprise. 
Greg Brown: And Eric a quarter ago. Jack talked about fixed video government revenues being about $300 million, maybe a little bit more, I think as we sit here today. The government contribution for all in video revenue is closer now to $330 million to $340 of revenue. And again the demand we see is really strong. We had 66% growth in Q2. About 40% of that was organic and again informing our full-year raise we now expect video security technology to be, we said it was 20% plus. We now expect approximately 30% with organic growth being a little bit more than 20% of that. So really good performance by the whole portfolio.
Greg Brown: Thanks for the question. So, the supply environment that we've been navigating all year is primarily around LMR and as Greg mentioned specifically most around PCR. Our supply situation did improve incrementally in Q2 and in our guidance for the second half. We've contemplated continuing to have to navigate supply chain related constraints those are factored into our full year guidance in our second half. So we expect to have to navigate through them. We're working with key suppliers. A handful of suppliers, handful of critically important parts. We're making progress. The teams are doing well. We have executive relationships that are helping us prioritize in our suppliers recognize that our equipment is critically important to first responders. So we have good success in getting prioritization.  On the cost side despite the challenging environment, we have not seen material input costs rise significantly in the first half, of course we plan every year for material cost reductions. Those are becoming more challenging to achieve that said and we didn't see a big material cost driver in the first half we'll navigate through some small increases in the second half. One area in the P&L that we are absorbing higher costs is freight if you control for the volume and the growth that we've had, we're seeing rate increases whereby the first-half absorb $20 million more than would have been expected on higher growth, which is a reflection of higher air freight, the shift to shorter supply chains elongated lead times, et cetera, which we're navigating. So that's where we've seen the one input cost rise isn't freight [ph].
Greg Brown: Not much, the FX benefit when you take a look at the full year was much more weighted to the first half. So that's not really driving. It's a component, but it's not as much as it was in the first half we had I think a $100 million. In the first half tailwind and if I look back half Q3, Q4 that tailwinds more like approximately 40.
Greg Brown: Well, I mean obviously in terms of overall demand, demand is strong Paul, it represents itself in Q2's results I recognize the comp of it being a COVID quarter but also guiding in Q3, a double-digit top line revenue print 9.5 to 10 is strong and that's being driven in large part by record backlog. So it's a really good demand environment, it's incrementally better and look if I take a step back, high level. I see demand strong. I see the funding environment for our customers and this is in North America centric comment, but that's where 2/3 of our revenue is and with the stimulus and $350 billion available to state and local and then other money is available to education and FEMA and other areas, there is literally hundreds of billions is available to our end user customers through the end of 2024. some of the outlying timeline. So demand is strong funding is strong backlog, backlog is at record Q2 and we're also getting traction with new products that we invested in during the downturn. And I think a lot of video security technology and that's double-digit growth rate in Q2 and the overall raised to now approximately 30% for video security technology of which over 20% is organic is driven by new product investment. We also talked about new product APX NEXT we're continuing new product on command center software both prem and cloud. New product investment inorganically with cloud-based access control. So high level Paul, again, there is a lot of work to do and we want to be easy in the saddle in the second half, and navigate these supply chain challenges, but there's a lot of positive that I see.
Greg Brown: The other thing that we've seen that we saw a lot of our competitors furlough selling resources during COVID. We actually continue to put the pedal to the matter hired more particularly in the video security space, and as we look back in that 12, 9 months after the fact we think without a doubt that's created great opportunity and it's created our ability to go take market share in that space. 
Greg Brown: So, I think first of all customers want an alternative. It's been a market primarily led by one company they want an alternative. But I think in public safety trusted relationships, matter. We've been in business for as you know, over 90 years we've got trusted relationships throughout the state and local market, we also bear the advantage of having a very large international footprint and we think that's obviously been beneficial to us as well. We've got things we're working on in terms of new products both in terms of body worn cameras in terms of in-car solutions. But again, we think it's an area around police transparency and accountability, then we'll continue to get focus and funding, and we think there's an opportunity for two players in the market and we're capitalizing accordingly. Mahesh, you may.
Greg Brown: Great question. Think pivot to digital. I think digital marketing in our spend to try to get customers, particularly customers that have needs that we may be unaware of that's one. We've pivoted continue to grow our inside sales force, not only in the US but abroad. We think that's critically important and we've also just become more efficient in terms of not only our frontline selling teams but are all powerful sales engineers, how do you get more leverage and get more tactical acumen in the moments that matter with their customers and that's truly been something that we've pivoted to. With all that said we do are fairly large-scale enterprise or government sales and it's going to take some face to face engagement. So we're still going out and seeing customers but we've just driven to be more efficient and we don't think it as much about time traveling and selling time that was a legacy way to think about it, we think about and I measure our teams in terms of engagement time now and so that's really where we've seen the pivot.
Greg Brown: So, Ben first of all, thanks for the question. I think the sweet spot starts and I mean just very early innings in the back half of this year and it's a multi-year run. So state and local funding the $350 billion runs through December of 24, the $38 billion or $40 billion for airports and transit run through 24. There is 7 billion plus for broadband connectivity that runs through September of 30, it's a long runway. So I don't necessarily think there's going to be a part of the clutch quarter for multi-month period. I think it's going to be strong and reasonably consistent over the next few years. I think it helps, I actually think it helps across the suite of what we provide. It helps public safety LMR primarily P25 and the sustainability of multi-year service contracts that elongate these platforms that allow us to do subscriber and radio refresh like APX NEXT over a multi-year period. I think it clearly helps video whether it's fixed video ore body worn for state and local county municipalities. We talked about the benefits around education and quite frankly I think money can flow around 911 PSEP and command center software as well. So I think it's a lift for all three, hard to dimensionalize which one is more of a benefit, but it's clearly favorably to the products and solutions that we have and I like to position.
Greg Brown: Fahad, thank you. So look, this is a strong environment, demand is strong and the environment is generally favorable, but we are still in a pandemic and we see that by the way popping up, not just with the Delta variant and different policies within the US, but we've seen it in supply chain, we've seen it in factories. We've seen it another countries and we want to be prudent and mindful around the current environment that we're in and while demand is strong and funding is good and there's a lot of reasons to be optimistic and encouraged. We just want to be very mindful and aware of what we don't know and the uncertainty that I think is informing and incorporated into the remainder of the full year.  I do think that there'll be time Fahad over time to update all of you in 2022, by the way, I think that we're likely going to have an Analyst Day. We're targeting doing that in Q1 of next year as we get through this fiscal year, as we get through the large implications of the pandemic, as we get to a point where hopefully the FDA gives general approval for the vaccine. As we get to where many more populations and countries are vaccinated and herd immunity is achieved. And we just think that's a better environment to give an update at that point in time. So I'm not going to. I appreciate your interest and not going to update the model per se yet, but I like we're positioned for the back half of the year and I think we've got some good momentum to build on.
Greg Brown: Just two things. Video; first of all, Fahad, on the $300 million. We're now updating that today where we expect the video revenue to government customers now to be about $330 million to $340 million. We talk about the addressable market of video security and access control of being about $15 billion by the way, that's a 2021 addressable market number that grows next year that's inclusive a fixed video. It's inclusive of body-worn video. It's inclusive of in-car video and the commensurate VMS software and cloud-based revenues. So it's an all-in number remember with the acquisition of Avigilon which is fixed video. The acquisition of Pelco fixed video. The acquisition of IndigoVision fixed video that fixed video is the predominant amount of revenue contribution within the technology disaggregation that we characterize. Just to give you a reminder. 
Greg Brown: I would just say this in terms of data points remember, Q2 was, I know it's 66% all in, 40% little bit more was organic and Jack talked about strong double-digit 60% to 65% orders growth for body worn so that's strong growth, which is driven us taking share in the first half and given that the market is looking for a viable alternative and our product performance continues to improve and when I look at the body-worn video book of business and things like Malta or the UK or the French MOI it's pretty strong growth. 
Greg Brown: Jim, I would think about it that as we printed the first half of the year in Q2 and look at the second half. And basically what you're describing is the trends. I really see video security and access control, leading the way. Which is why we're raising the technology view from what we thought would be a full-year 20% plus performance to approximately 30% and that's driving the segment guide products and SI from mid-to-mid to high. So I think if you're thinking about an anchor tenant of incremental growth from current expectations of where we were. I think it's led by video security and then at the second area I'd actually say is LMR and those two areas are driving the increased momentum.  With command center software while it's our smallest component. We're still growing at greater the industry rate. So I'm pleased about that. But we also are offering both on-prem and cloud and we've got organic work to do on the internal development on cloud, but I think Jim looking forward. I think a video security access control and LMR as being more of an incremental drivers from a trend standpoint.
Greg Brown: Thank you everybody. Listen, I'm really pleased with Q2's results and the execution, we were able to achieve. And I just want to take the opportunity to thank my team and to thank all the people in Motorola Solutions. You delivered, you produced, you were un-flinching, you're resilient and I'm super proud of you. I think the other thing, I'm proud of is, we've continued to invest in this business. We did it in the throes of COVID last year. Jack referenced it, we continue to do that. I think in part, some of the benefits we're able to demonstrate. And the second raise of the year is driven by, in the ongoing investment decisions we've made. And last two I thought, so I like our momentum. I like the momentum as we enter this back half of the year particularly pleased with the increased strength of video security, but I'm also proud of the fact that now approximately half of our revenue for the full year will be derived from video, security and software and services and that's a much different proposition and disposition than where we were several years ago. So, I just want to thank everybody to my team. I'm proud of you and we got a lot of work to do and we know what we need to do in the back half. So thank you.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Within the Avigilon portfolio we have always had access control, access control in fact has been one of the fastest growing product portfolios within Avigilon. It is an on-prem solution. The on-prem solution connects to third party leaders controllers and panels as appropriate. We are open is going is really a mobile first approach and a cloud native approach. The user experience that we see in the future for access control is one where authorized users never realized that the door is locked in the first place. It's friction less. It is contactless and from that standpoint Openpath complements our Avigilon access control solution well and together, I think we have a good solution going forward. 
Mahesh Saptharishi: I think going on that there is we just launched our Motorola Solutions concealed weapons detection solution, which is a key part of the story. When you think about it in the context of access control it's not just who are you, are you authorized to be there, but also what risk you pose. So this complements our Access Control solution really well. 
Mahesh Saptharishi: Maybe one other thing that I would add is Jack mentioned this previously we meet our customers' needs where they are. And so having both in on-premises solution along with the cloud solution really matters here as well. And that's the other reason we win.
Jason Winkler: Yes. And just to put a bow on it. George, I think that what's informing our full-year raise for the year is demand not necessarily any improvement in supply chain, although as Jason just talked about, I think he and his team did a very nice job in hand to hand combat working through Q2, but we have our work to do with key suppliers for the back half of the year. Again, this is primarily around PCR but I think that view is contemplated into our full year guidance.
Jason Winkler: So it hasn't changed much from the last time we shared those numbers, and it's always been first half tailwind more so than second half. 
Jason Winkler: Paul, even in the parts of our business that are less backlog driven for example video that's about pipeline, it's about execution within the quarter and the 40% organic growth in Q2 and our outlook for now 30% growth for that business on the year is a function of higher pipeline as well as executing and delivering within the quarter on that part of the business. 
Jason Winkler: So Paul what I would say is, so think of government money in two buckets there is, we don't even talk about the CARES Act money anymore, but by the way CARES Act money was available last year that we benefited from and it's available through the end of this year that we're benefiting from. I would say that the results we printed so far largely don't even include a stimulus money that I just articulated, which is $350 billion of state local, $170 billion in education, $38 billion in airport and transit et cetera, but those conversations to your question Paul are absolutely beginning to take hold with our go-to-market sales organization for both this year and multi-year planning.
Jason Winkler: Sure. Thanks, Ben. So in terms of recurring our proxy for recurring is the segment that is software and services, which I believe this quarter was 38% of total revenues. That includes a lot of different varieties of recurring business including service renewals, subscriptions, et cetera and that was up significantly and there has been growing, as you know, even during the pandemic, and it is growing at a rate that's very positive with earnings expansion at ROE. This year, we believe now at 170 bps of OE expansion within the services, the Software and Services segment. So not only growing but expanding profitability. On the technology side you from that same disaggregation, you can see that the video is a strong driver as well as command center software and that LMR is performing well as well with up mid-single digits. 
Jason Winkler: So at the total level of all video the rock split between what is fixed video and what is mobile video at the $1 billion plus the part of our business that this year is growing. We believe at 30% this year and that's our increased expectations is 70% fixed and 30% mobile. Both are growing nicely. 
