Greg Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to make a few opening comments about the second quarter and the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q2 was another solid quarter. North America grew 5%, marking its third consecutive quarter of growth and the overall business grew 2% when adjusting for foreign exchange. Operational execution continues to drive improved profitability and cash flow generation as reflected in our double-digit growth of EPS and double-digit growth in free cash flow per share. Second, our growing backlog and strong pipeline illustrate the confidence our customers have in choosing our technology solutions. We posted a third consecutive quarter of sequential backlog growth, ending the quarter with a record $6 billion of backlog and a healthy pipeline moving forward. Third, I'm very pleased to announce that Silver Lake will make a $1 billion strategic investment in our company that we will use to further accelerate growth in our Smart Public Safety Solutions and Services. And finally, we announced our intent to commence a $2 billion tender offer, representing a significant step toward further improving our capital structure. This accelerated return of capital reflects our continued confidence in the future growth of the company. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide some additional details on Q2 before returning to provide additional context with respect to our strategic announcements made this morning.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino. So in addition to a solid quarter, as we mentioned, we announced an important partnership with Silver Lake. We believe this strategic investment is an endorsement of our strategy and a strong vote of confidence in our future growth opportunities. The partnership combines Silver Lake's technology expertise and track record with our brand, market reach, and Public Safety technology platforms around the world. This investment also matches the largest single PIPE investment that Silver Lake has ever done. I'm pleased that Silver Lake managing partners Egon Durban and Greg Mondre will be appointed to the Motorola Solutions Board of Directors. They both have a history of driving growth, creating value and bringing teams together to identify and deliver unique business opportunities in the technology industry. Today, we also announced our intention to commence a tender offer to repurchase up to $2 billion of common stock. This represents an important step towards significantly improving our balance sheet and returning more capital to shareholders, and is incremental to the $8.7 billion in share repurchase and $1.1 billion in dividends that we've returned over the past four years. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow allows us to maintain our investment-grade rating and our ability to drive the growth of our business through strategic acquisitions and investments in innovation. This accelerated return of capital reflects our confidence in the growth prospects and future value of the company. So in closing, Q2 was another solid quarter of outperformance relative to our sales and earnings expectations as we performed well on a number of measures including revenue growth in North America as well as the Middle East. We continue to position this business for improved operating leverage and significant earnings power as we grew backlog for a third straight quarter and we're now on target to deliver approximately $175 million in cost savings for the year. And finally, today's announcements represent not only our conviction in the durability of our business and its earnings and cash generation potential, but the power of our platforms and another important step in accelerating growth in Smart Public Safety Solutions and Services. In aggregate, we're confident and encouraged about the future of our company and our growth strategy and the value creation we can deliver. And I'll now turn it back over to Shep.
Greg Brown: ...LTE first. We still estimate that we will achieve the approximately $100 million in Public Safety LTE revenue in this year. We expect – we'll be focused on the existing deployments and revenue derived from them, the two in the Middle East and in LA. So while we're not guiding for next year, we expect the Public Safety LTE revenue in 2016 to expand at a reasonable clip of which details will follow. On Silver Lake, Gino talked about our balance sheet. So we are in a net debt position exiting Q2. We clearly have a lot of capacity in capital, hence our intention to commence a tender. And even after the share repurchase that Gino outlined, which could be as much as $3.5 billion this year all-in, we have firepower remaining given the earnings and cash flow generation of the business moving forward to do more. I think Silver Lake brings us organic and inorganic opportunity and we will continue to look at acquisitions that may make sense, particularly in software or Smart Public Safety and Services. So, I think it strengthens our hand pretty nicely.
Greg Brown: Well, Europe/Africa has done great for us in the prior three-year periods. It does have macroeconomic headwinds today as well as the biggest project we've ever had in the history of the company for Norway as it starts to wind down. So, it was just about negative 1% or negative 2% normalized for FX. I still think that Manuel and the team are doing a nice job all in both on the system side as well as professional commercial radio. As we think about going into next year, there will be a more significant wind-down of Norway's revenue recognition, probably about $80 million of revenue headwinds out of that region in 2016 over this prior-year period. But overall we feel good about the opportunities that are in front of us.
Greg Brown: I think that on the revenue FX impact, it's about $50 million in Q2. We anticipate it being about $50 million in Q3, and on the full year, given the spot rate, it's about $190 million. I think that the only other thing I'd comment is, I think the more pronounced FX pressure have been a contributory factor to the compressed results in Latin America in particular. But we're managing it accordingly and it's incorporated into the overall guidance we're providing.
Greg Brown: I think that – good question. Thank you. As we said in February, we're emphasizing Smart Public Safety Solutions as well as Services. And I think the Silver Lake partnership is right in the sweet spot of extending and accelerating our existing strategy in this regard. I think they bring significant expertise in technology products and information solutions. They're smart, they're savvy, I think they'll help us on surgical M&A as well, both in terms of looking at the funnel of opportunity and executing on good deals potentially to supplement and complement what we already have there. We've been acquiring already. We did an analytics company a few months ago. We did a command-and-control software company with Emergency CallWorks, that's gone very well. We did a push-to-talk interoperable software company with Twisted Pair. So I think Silver Lake will – I think of it – them as accelerating and extending what we already have. We're bringing in new talent into the company. We have a new CIO and many of the people in IT are new. Tom Guthrie, who runs Smart Public Safety Solutions, has come in through an acquisition with Twisted Pair. I feel very good about the relationship, the capacity and the technology savvy that I think will be complementary to what we're doing already.
Greg Brown: I think that's probably fair, but I would say that if there's something more material and it's compelling and accretive, we'll consider that, too, so exciting times for what we're doing going forward.
Greg Brown: Yeah, I think video is a very compelling opportunity for us in many ways. I mean, you see front-and-center all of the rhetoric and narrative around body cameras and capturing video information at an incident with first responders, combining it with their communications. Video is one of the critical components in our Smart Public Safety Solutions strategy, not just the edge devices that may capture it, but the analytics aggregation, dissemination and pushing of that data and the high-bandwidth video into a first responder to a full-fledged complementary converged device. So I think video is very important to what we're doing going forward. I see it as growing in importance. And I think that will be also front-and-center with the value proposition that we engage Silver Lake on.
Greg Brown: I think on the cost side first, I think I would characterize the $175 million of cost reductions this year as probably in the seventh or eighth inning of our journey on cost reductions. Clearly, the majority of them are behind us. And I think the team has done a really good job, not just cutting expense but restructuring the business in a more thoughtful and simple way, doing things that we don't need to do after selling the enterprise business, getting after footprint, capacity, requirement, duplication. There might be a little bit more there going forward. We'll always be prudent on looking at the cost structure. But as we pivot now, and especially with today's announcement with Silver Lake, I think of this company's trajectory going forward more about growth, more about investment and more about expansion.
Greg Brown: I don't think that's a fair statement. I think our focus has always been on growing the business and adding capacity and competency. I think, Brian, it's a logical extension of the path that we've outlined, which is: optimizing our balance sheet, which is a big part of today; improving the operating and the financial performance of the company, which is also a big part of today; building backlog, which gives us momentum for growth. So, I look at this as a continuation of what's been my focus and management's focus, which is growing this company.
Greg Brown: Yeah. On FirstNet, I think we continue to work very closely with them. We're actively participating and engaging with them through the draft RFP process. By their own articulation, I think this will carry forward into an RFP, another RFP, by the end of the year or early next year. And I think that – I think their whole initiative will be very measured and elongated, and we're staying closely in touch with them along the way. As a sidebar, in terms of LA-RICS and that Public Safety LTE deployment, I think we remain on track. And Bob Schassler and his team have done a nice job accelerating what we need to get implemented by the requisite deadlines of that contract. In terms of your last point on voice-over-LTE, we've been specific in pointing out that there's voice-over-LTE and then there's mission-critical voice-over-LTE. And we believe that mission-critical voice communications that are embedded in these private networks for LMR have a long, long life. And Public Safety LTE, if you will, and instantiations therein are additive to the LMR business both domestically and internationally. So we feel good about our position, and we'll monitor it going forward.
Greg Brown: And I think on seasonality, I believe that our expectations on the second half of this year are generally comparable with last year.
Greg Brown: On the tender, as Gino mentioned earlier, we'll see how it shakes out. And after the tender closes out, there will be the opportunity for us to enter into, after the tender is completed in an open market capacity as we evaluate that accordingly.
Greg Brown: I don't think, Michael, I don't think they're new business opportunities. I think the Silver Lake deal is more about bringing additional capacity for us to go achieve them and go seize them. As somebody mentioned earlier, this is exactly consistent with – we outlined in our Financial Analyst Day in February. So this is all about doubling down on software and services, more specifically Smart Public Safety Software and our Services business. I don't think it's new. I think it's a reaffirmation of our commitment and an acceleration therein.
Gino A. Bonanotte: I'll take the first question first, on visibility in the second half. As you mentioned, the first half to second half linearity, it's approximately the same as it was last year. From a backlog perspective, Q3 and Q4 is slightly below what our historic average has been, really given the over-performance in Q2, backlog that we anticipated being in the second half, shipments in the second half reflected in Q2 actuals. So with the over-performance in Q2, we remain confident on the full year and the full year outlook. With respect to gross margin, as we've talked about in the Q4 call and the Q1 call, the gross margin has been affected largely around systems integration in the Services segment, predominantly related to a couple large project deployments that have been occurring, Q4, Q1. We saw a little bit of an improvement in Q2. We continue to expect Services gross margin longer-term to be in the 35%, mid-30% range, approximately 35% and the Product gross margin is stable despite some currency headwinds.
Gino A. Bonanotte: ...question first. The – what we've guided to at the end of Q1 was approximately $600 million to $650 million a quarter, representing about $2.5 billion of buyback. Inclusive of the $2 billion tender, we now intend to repurchase approximately $3.5 billion in 2015. So after the legal cooling-off period at the conclusion of the tender, we expect to be back in the open market.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Q3 guidance, I'm not sure if you were referencing top line or bottom line, so I'll address both. Q3 guidance top line, clearly over-performance versus expectations. Our expectations in Q2 is driving some of that. And from an earnings perspective, it's really similar to Q2 and the incremental sales and associated gross margin driving the EPS range.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure. The FX impact on pricing depends on regional specifics. There is some impact in Latin America on pricing. We haven't really seen any margin erosion or ASP reductions, so we've been containing the FX pressure at least on pricing. With respect to the FX impact in budgets, I think was the second question, obviously interrelated, both questions. What we've said in the past is that we expected an EPS impact of about $0.05 to $0.10 for the year with respect to currency movement, with FX impacting BGM or reducing – the $175 million reduction year-over-year in cost, approximately a third of that is a result of the stronger dollar. If we look at our BGM profile, about 40% of it right now is denominated in something other than USD. So in conjunction with the Services business and our efforts around moving to low-cost centers, we've built in a hedge for FX movement, so it really doesn't impact the bottom line as much as it does the top line.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Simona, this is Gino. On the device versus infrastructure, devices in Q2 contracted slightly, and infrastructure was up, systems were up. Importantly, though, devices in North America were up. The contraction's really due to Latin America and the other geographies, not North America.
Gino A. Bonanotte: I'll – Kulbinder, this is Gino. On the margin question, our expectation for margin in Q3 and in Q4 is in line with what we've seen in prior, certainly last year and in prior periods.
Gino A. Bonanotte: In the guidance – so it's important to note and, as I said earlier, the $2.5 billion in what we've guided to for the year and now it's $3.5 billion, but it's also important to note that from an accounting perspective, the Silver Lake investment, the shares represented in that investment will also be included in EPS.
