Greg Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. I’ll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q4 was another excellent quarter. We posted records for revenue, earnings per share, operating cash flow and backlog. Revenue grew 15%, earnings per share grew 25% and we generated operating cash flow of over 800 million. Second, our full year results were outstanding as well and illustrate the earnings power of our business driven by demand across our entire portfolio and continued strong execution. For the full year, we grew revenue 15%, earnings per share 31% and generated close to 1.6 billion of operating cash flow, excluding a voluntary pension contribution and grew our backlog by almost $1 billion. And finally, demand remains strong across our platforms in mission critical communications, video, services and software and we continue to invest for long-term growth. So I’ll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q4 results and 2019 outlook, before returning for some closing thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, 2018 was a record year for the company built on a strong foundation. We saw continued LMR growth led by North America and EMEA and Airwave has been extended through the end of 2022. Additionally, our Services and Software segment grew revenue and operating earnings double digits and we acquired key assets in video, software and analytics. Second, I think we’re very well positioned for another strong year in 2019 with our industry leading portfolio of LMR solutions, a comprehensive command center software suite and new video and analytics capabilities, all of which are supported by a growing services business. We serve customers in growth segments of large addressable markets. We have a strong team focused on consistent execution, a healthy balance sheet and durable growing cash flows that will drive continued shareholder returns over the long term. And finally, a year ago at our financial analyst meeting, I provided a view of driving the company toward what I’d called 8 and 8 in 2020, meaning approximately 8 billion in revenue and $8 plus in EPS. Today, I’d like to update that and tell you we’re now driving the company towards 9 and 10 in 2021, approximately 9 billion in revenue and approximately $10 of earnings per share by the end of 2021. This current view is constant from allocation framework. And with that, I’ll turn this call over to Chris.
Greg Brown: Yes, Tim, look, as I said, I think we’re really pleased with 2018 pretty much across the board both in the Products and SI segment as well as Services and Software. I think why we feel good about going into 2019 is the record backlog position strong entering Q1, general comparability of backlog '19 against '18, but a lot of strong demand drivers. We still see continued consistent demand. We’ve talked about organic constant currency growth a quarter ago. We thought it would be 4% first half of '18, 4% second half of '18 and 4% for the full year. We actually came in a little bit higher than that on an organic growth constant currency growth rate for revenue. And we expect comparable organic growth revenue of constant currency growth in '19 as well. I think the regions that will lead that are the Americas and EMEA as well as converting some of the backlog and of course the Avigilon asset continues to perform at or above our expectations. And as Jack mentioned last quarter, a huge addressable market, about 12 billion without China and we size that market growth growing at 5%. We’re targeting growing the Avigilon asset 3x that. So I think Jack has done a great job with his team of managing the asset, increasing sales coverage, investing in that business. So when I look at LMR, when I look at the command center software suite and the progress Andrew Sinclair and Kelly are making and then overall growth of Services and Software which we continue to believe is high-single digits, PS&I low single digits. But in '19 we’re going to grow revenue with the firm, we’re going to expand gross margin with the firm, we’re going to increase cash flow despite a higher effective cash tax rate, we’re going to grow our earnings per share, we’re going to grow operating margin. So I think the team has done a really good job and I think we’re well positioned as we sit here in February of '19.
Greg Brown: Hi, George. So first of all, any impact in Q1 has been implied obviously in our guidance and frankly we expect minimal impact. I think the second part of the question was related to the size of the federal business. It’s approximately 600 million but it’s important to note that it comes from multitude of different agencies. I think many companies in this space are defense and security. We do business with law enforcement, administration, FBI as well as providing base security as well. The last thing I would note is that our management support service business for the federal government, actually those contracts all come in largely in our fiscal Q3 which is aligned with the federal government’s close. So those things are already logged on the books. So to tie it altogether, minimal impact and we’ll have to see. No one can predict the future given the length but we expect minimal to no impact to Q1 and we’ll see how things play out in the rest of the year.
Greg Brown: Well, you’re right. We expect 6% to 7% for the full year. I think in part, some of that top line comes, as I mentioned, from the backlog position and the record backlog position that we have exiting '18 coming into '19. Additionally, there’s top line revenues that are coming from acquisitions both Avigilon at least in Q1 in the sub period as well as PlantCML and VaaS. I think there’s a really good focus, Vijay, on both gross margin expansion to come with that top line growth as well as continued operating expense management. Well, OpEx is increasing for the firm. That’s largely driven by – it’s not entirely driven by acquisitions. But on the base business we continue to drive consistent efficiencies. So as I mentioned, I think demand in the state and local business, regionally what’s driving it, Vijay, is the Americas and EMEA. If I just aggregate it from a product view, Land Mobile Radio demand remains pretty solid for North America both in public safety as well as commercial customers and command center software continues to grow at double digits. I think people – we have low penetration, single digit penetration against the $5 billion addressable market. More and more people want to buy this suite of product that we’re developing, so demand is solid there and again, Avigilon, as Jack mentioned. And not only is it a good segment – look, video is in high demand. Everybody knows that both from a city or public safety standpoint as well as commercial. But it’s not just video. It’s video with machine learning, the appropriate analytics, the intelligence in the edge device, integrating it back into VMS and integrating it through our portfolio in the command center and what we do. So the good news is yes, we’re in video but I think our solution is particularly strong around its design of AI at the edge device and the way that we’re incorporating that back from an integration standpoint for our customers in the command center software. So that’s what I’d say.
Greg Brown: No, I think you’re right, Walt. As you know, right, to back up, there’s obviously a growing concern about what I call Chinese electronics content through the lens of cellular, Hawaii, ZTE; through the lens of Land Mobile Radio, Hytera; and certainly in video concerns around Hikvision and Dahua and I mentioned them by name because they’re mentioned by name in the National Defense Authorization Act. They’re mentioned by name because our government has said that there is concerns around national security as it relates to those vendors. The government’s saying that, we’re not saying that, so we’re following it accordingly. Clearly that’s been official as Molloy and team going to the U.S. federal business. The NDAA takes effect in August of this year. Although since it’s out there with long sales cycles, I think it’s already being contemplated with purchases now even though it hasn’t gone into effect until August 13th. Your other question is right. It’s not just government agencies, it’s critical infrastructure. So whether it’s power grid or airports or transit or oil and gas, I think there is an effect where some customers are contemplating because critical infrastructure looks an awful lot like public safety and it gives some of our customers cause for pause. And your last point is also correct that it’s not just Chinese vendors but there are some critical Chinese components in other people’s product that this ban applies to. So all of that said, I think we continue to drive to be the preferred Western alternative and leader which we are in mission critical communications, command center software in video and all of the characteristics that you described both governmentally and in critical infrastructure, Walt, I think are favorable.
Greg Brown: Yes, I think that’s a possibility, Walt. If you take our VaaS acquisition and license plate recognition, there’s a part of that solution that is public safety centric but there’s also a part of that solution that’s deployed around commercial enterprise. So yes, I think we will look at acquisitions. We’re always evaluating acquisitions that make sense strategically and financially that would supplement the strength in clearly public safety but it may make sense to your point in the enterprise as well. Whether it be IoT or critical infrastructure, we’ll always keep an eye on that for those assets.
Greg Brown: Again, we’ve always talked about the capital allocation model which on a normalized basis we continue to follow. We used the majority of our capital last year to acquire companies. As we’re into 2019 we will pay back the 400 million or we intend to pay back the 400 million of short-term debt associated with the Avigilon acquisition. When you do that and over the course of the year given more available capital, again, today it contemplates buying maybe approximately 500 million of shares plus or minus which again is fungible between share repurchase and/or acquisition. But you’re right. We’ve gotten off to a solid start in Q1.
Greg Brown: Well, so I think I’d say three things about the 9 and 10. Remember it’s not prescriptive guidance, it’s directional. It’s a current view and it’s contemplated within the capital allocation framework. In other words, it could very well be a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. So if not meant to be and necessarily unpacking some detailed three-year view, but as we’ve looked at it from a management team and incorporated both what’s in backlog and the drivers of the business across the segments for Services and Software as well as Products and SI, again, segment guidance thinking low-single digits P&SI; Software and Services high-single digits we think those respective growth rates are generally sustainable which informs our view of that three-year target. So that’s kind of the way to think about it and contextualize it.
Greg Brown: Well, in '19 we’re going to expand operating margins for both segments. For Kelly Mark’s group, the Services and Software, we talked about it a year ago and here we are. So we’re guiding to it specifically about gross margins of about 50% and operating margins of about 30%. On the PS&I segment, comparable gross margins of 48% to 49% but operating margin growth of 100 basis points on the bottom line. Over time, I think that Services and Software, given its profile and given its over time expansion in gross margins to be more software and multiyear services like, I think we have an opportunity to grow those margins over time which I think would clearly be beneficial to us.
Greg Brown: I would say Avigilon’s integration is largely completed and VaaS again dimensionalized of about 100 million of annual revenue, EPS neutral for '19. It’s a fairly small tuck-in, so I would expect us to have some run rate and rhythm of performance in a quarter or two.
Greg Brown: Yes. As it applies in state and local, around nine years ago start and local government really kind of moved away from federal grants. There’s been kind of a suppressive effect on federal funding to the locals for public safety technology. So they stand alone. They budget their own dollars in a large part. And so the federal shutdown has no impact at all. State and local is fully operational. RFP activity, cutting purchase orders, et cetera, is normal course of activity right now.
Greg Brown: Thrilled about the Airwave extension. I tip my hat to Kelly Mark and Vincent Kennedy and his whole team is securing that extension again through the end of 2022. It’s about 1.1 billion that went into backlog and we expect another 300 million to 350 million of additional contracts, local entities that aggregate up that will go into backlog that those contracts get signed between now and the end of the year so that the 1.45 billion which was referenced by the customer is fully contracted for entering into the extension period. It is worth noting to your point that the terms and conditions are substantially similar to the original contract term for Airwave which I think is obviously good and a lot of hard work by a lot of people. So it’s good news.
Greg Brown: So I would say on Avigilon, again, credit to Jack Molloy and his team performed at or ahead of expectations for the planned period last year in '18, healthy double-digit growth. You’re right, again, articulating for '19 looking to 3x the market given the performance of and actions that Jack and team have taken to prepare us to go get and satisfy demand on the commercial as well as public safety side and U.S. federal side. Longer sales cycle, Jack mentioned, he sees that getting more traction in second half. So Avigilon tracking well. On risks and upside, I would just say I think all-in, I think our view is balanced. It’s probably worth noting that if I were to detail regional color, we see the growth being driven largely by North America or the Americas and EMEA, but we have a muted expectation for Asia-Pac or roughly flat. So I think that incorporates our realistic view at this point of that region. But I’d say from a risk and opportunities standpoint, all-in, it’s a balanced view at this point in time.
Greg Brown: Well, I think the VaaS acquisition is all about the importance of content. And it has the largest data base of license plates in North America. It’s a critical need component for public safety. And we have been talking to these folks for a number of months and feel it’s a natural tuck-in that matches the demand requirements of our customers. It improves our analytics capability. I think it integrates and simplifies our customers’ workflows. So I just think it makes a lot of sense. As we mentioned, it’s probably an additional – approximately 100 million in revenue in 2019, EPS neutral for the year, probably $0.01 negative in Q1 if you really want to disaggregate and get into the detail. But I like it because data is getting more and more important and this specific data is directly a high need one for our public safety North American customers.
Greg Brown: Okay. So let’s take the Services and Software segment first. A large part of the margin expansion in 2018 and a significant portion moving forward into 2019 is related to our underlying software business and improvements we’ve made in delivering, closing out prior projects. In the government sector – I’m sorry, in the Products and Systems Integration segment gross margin improvements, there’s several initiatives around gross margin from SKU reductions to rationalizations in the supply chain as well as some targeted price actions within that segment.
Gino Bonanotte: Yes, I think that as you unpack the segment, we expect high-single digits for the segment of Services and Software. That comports the double digit growth of software and mid-single-digit growth of managed and support. On an annualized basis in '18, the business performed that way – actually I would say above expectations given acquisitions. But Tim as you comport that 400 million software and to lay out growth rate, think double-digit growth rate on that piece which feeds a high-single digit combined for the segment.
Gino Bonanotte: Jim, just to be clear on the 1.1 billion into backlog. So as we think about year-over-year backlog increase in Services and Software, 1.1 billion was the Airwave extension, but in the backlog – the year ending backlog you have to offset the revenue that we realized in 2018 as well as a portion of the FX that we noted in our earlier comments, impact to backlog. So when you think about the Services and Software segment, the majority of the backlog increase was driven by the Americas, by North America. It’s about $550 million or so of backlog increase associated with Airwave just to be clear on that.
Gino Bonanotte: And, Paul, I think you last question was around state and local budgets and to answer your question, our team works very closely on both fronts. There’s operational budgets for state local governments and that would really encumber maintenance and support of networks. The secondary thing that’s also device refreshes and those kind of things. So we have good visibility on a consistent basis to those budgets. The second thing is our team particularly here in North America, Jim Mears' team works very closely with customers on large scale projects in terms of capital allocation request that we put through. So in terms of visibility I think our team around the room here is generally pleased. The sixth quarter rolling that we take, we obviously take a keen interest on not only what’s happening this quarter but on six quarters and visibility and pipeline for state and local government continues to look good.
Gino Bonanotte: And I think for both segments, Andrew Sinclair on the software side and Jack’s team with [indiscernible] and Scott Mottonen I think that we continue to get efficiencies around platforming of these businesses, both platforming infrastructure, platforming LMR devices and platforming command center software. And those efficiencies are reflected in the gross margin expansion for Services and Software and some of the operating margin expansion planned for PS&I.
Gino Bonanotte: Sure. Paul, this is Gino. Really it’s consistent with what we’ve said about the longer term guidance; Products and Systems Integration at low-single digit growth and Services and Software at high-single digit growth. Now that’s a longer-term view but in general that’s our view of the growth of both segments.
Gino Bonanotte: No, the total number associated with the Airwave extension is 1.45 billion. 1.1 billion is contracted for already and has fed into backlog. We expect subsequent 300 million to 350 million in local contracts executed over the balance – over the next several months. So the Airwave extension three years through the end of 2022, Paul, is that’s a very substantially similar terms on the original deal. So that’s a favorable outcome for us.
