Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Before we begin, I'd like to take a moment to recognize all of the men and women in public safety. First responders work hard every day to serve and protect our communities, and their critical importance was exemplified during the recent natural disasters. We're dedicated to helping our customers to be their best in the moments that matter. So I'd also like to thank all of our employees for their role in assisting public safety to ensure that mission-critical communications remained operational during these extreme events over the last few months. With that, I turn to quarterly results and share a few thoughts about the business. First, Q3 was another outstanding quarter, driven by strong sales growth in our Land Mobile Radio business. Total revenue grew 7%. Organic revenue grew 5%. Organic revenue in North America also grew 5% and we grew organically in every region. These results reflect the continued customer demand for always-on, private, secure, reliable and redundant mission-critical voice communications. Second, we're raising our full-year outlook again for both revenue and EPS on continued LMR demand and execution, led by North America. We now expect full-year 2017 revenue growth of approximately 5% and non-GAAP EPS of $5.35 to $5.40. And finally, I'm especially pleased with our momentum heading into Q4 and into 2018. Not only have we grown revenues 6% year-to-date, but we also finished Q3 with record backlog. The primary driver of growth is continued strong demand in North America, which has year-to-date revenue growth of 4% and ending backlog up over $1 billion from a year ago. Considering that many of our systems typically last 10 to 20 years, this demand is a testament to the criticality and longevity of our LMR business. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 results and outlook before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with three final thoughts. First, we raised our full-year revenue and EPS forecast again. Our customers continue to require always-on voice communication for mission-critical situations and that was reinforced by the reliability of our systems during the recent U.S. hurricanes. Second, I'm confident with our strategic position. We're leveraging our LMR systems installed base to attach incremental services, while simultaneously building complementary platforms for the command center and public safety LTE, which together provide the foundation for continued growth, continued cash generation and continued earnings expansion and shareholder return over the long term. And finally, with our record-ending backlog, I think we're very well positioned for continued growth heading into 2018. I'll now turn the call back over to Chris.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. I think that I'm really pleased, Matt, with our performance in Q3. It's our fourth consecutive quarter of organic growth as a company. As you know, 65% of our revenue is North America-based. So when I look at that, and I see that they've grown nine out of the last 11 quarters, I feel good about the ending backlog and I feel good about the foundation that we have to build on heading into next year. I think overall demand remains strong. It's been strong in North America. We've grown organically, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, in all regions. I think we've also seen strength in commercial markets, as well as state and local and federal. And quite frankly, I think overall, our execution and sales coverage is stronger than it was a year ago or 18 months ago. We do expect to grow in 2018 and we expect to grow organically in 2018. So – and that's with iDEN to be approximately down $20 million in 2018.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. I don't think there's any real change that we have to update you on at this point in time. I think there's 28 or 29 states and territories that have opted in. We're encouraged by that. We think that's great. All the states have, as you know, Matt, till December 28 to make the decision of whether they opt-in or opt-out. Now that said, once that's all behind us, then the rubber meets the road on end-user decisions, decisions by city, municipality, county, state and the individual decisions of whether they switch to their existing carrier because it's a carrier-to-carrier switch and what they do. And we'll work with our partner, AT&T, to see how much traction we can get in that regard. The only other thing I'd say on the Verizon front, they're going to do what they're going to do, but we closed on the acquisition of Kodiak. Verizon uses Kodiak as a push-to-talk solution today. So we now have entre working with Verizon on that front. But I think we'll have a better update for you on the Q4 earnings call around FirstNet and our view in terms of fiscal 2018 financially.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah, I don't think – as we've said all along, I think it's been demonstrated in our results and what we see happening in the market, LTE is a data and broadband overlay network that's incremental to LMR. I don't think there's any change in buying pattern in LMR as a result of FirstNet. I think it's an adjunct activity that's going on in parallel. I mean, today Governor Wolf signed Pennsylvania to opt-in. Just a few quarters ago, we won back competitively the State of Pennsylvania for a land mobile radio network that will include an end-to-end system and several years of multi-year maintenance. So, I don't think the two meet.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. On the second part first, we're really proud of the performance of our LMR systems during the hurricane season. That's why we demonstrated as one of the slides in that deck this time of the systems in Florida hit by Irma of the ones we monitor, how they stayed up. The communications stayed up, all the systems stayed up. It's pretty noteworthy and significant. By the way, the Q3 print really didn't have anything material at all as it relates to hurricanes. I think the opportunity for future add-on business or rebuild exists going forward, but the strength of Q3 was more around the fundamental core demand of what we're seeing, state and local, commercial, Federal, North America-led. Andrew Sinclair, really happy with the hire. You know that we're moving more toward software and services. Recurring revs – Services were 40% of our overall revenue in Q3. Recurring revenue was 27% of our revenue in Q3, and we've said that we will play a greater role in the command center. We've made acquisitions that reflect that stated strategy. We still anticipate closing Airbus PlantCML by the end of the year, but I think Andrew has hit the ground running.
Gregory Q. Brown: Kyle, I think the best way to look at it is to take Q3 and Q4 and look at the second half in combination. I think that's reflected a bit in our guide. We still do expect to grow organically in Q4 this year, which would make it five quarters in a row. The only other thing I could mention to you is, Q4 last year was a monster. It was 12% revenue growth. So the year-on-year compare needs to be incorporated into that. Organic growth of Q4 last year was 4%. So that's part of it, and embedded in that is Latin America that grew 21% last Q4 and a public safety LTE project in the Middle East that's winding down. That's down about $30 million year-over-year. So I think that's the way to dimensionalize and contextualize the guidance. But I would point you to really Q3 and Q4, and look at them in combination. And then the organic growth is more reflective of traditionally what this business has done in certain periods.
Gregory Q. Brown: I don't know the exact age backlog number, Kyle, but recurring revenue was up very slightly. I think the previous quarter was 26%. So it edges up a little bit to 27%. What we like in the backlog number is not only it being up, to your point, it's up in both Products and Services, and that Product backlog is up even in the face of an 8% print on Product revenue. So I would certainly think that, that backlog position, as I mentioned, bodes well for our performance in 2018. I don't have the age number on my fingertips for Q4.
Gregory Q. Brown: Sure. Just to remind you, when we contemplated the Kodiak acquisition, it was – for me, it was designed around a mid-tier solution, and quite frankly, it was more around commercial markets. And to have a carrier-centric, carrier-integrated solution in addition to our premises-based solution.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah, Tim. Thanks for the question. We continue to work very closely with both actually the U.K. Home Office and EE on – it's a complex project. I mean, it's a one of a kind. So we're working closely with them. You've seen public announcements where they have kind of resized and re-estimated the timeline in that regard. I remind you that we don't have any revenue associated with ESN or the UK Home Office in 2017. That's one of the reasons why when we think about our LTE revenues for the full year in 2017, they're probably closer to $80 million to $90 million this fiscal year than what we thought would be a higher number given to some of the ESN replan work. We continue to work closely with them. Bruce Brda, as you would imagine, has a whole team dedicated to them, and we're working closely accordingly shoulder to shoulder. In terms of other demand, anecdotally, Molloy mentioned Halton, Canada, while small, I think it's symbolic since they just purchased an LMR system a few quarters ago. There's also an LTE Asia Pac customer that I think will make a decision probably in Q1 and it's more in the tens of millions of dollars than the size of some of our other previous awards. But that's really the only next one on the horizon that comes to mind. I think it will be first three or four months in 2018. And I think generally speaking, we're working hard and well positioned.
Bruce Brda: And Vijay, this is Bruce Brda. Just to add a little bit. Let me remind you, the investments in software are both in the command center, as Jack said. So think workflow applications, 911, CAD, records, Dispatch Console, with an analytics wrapper around it; and then, secondarily communication and collaboration applications, so what we're delivering to FirstNet and other broadband customers around the world. Increasingly, we'll be delivering those solutions cloud-based and as a service. As you mentioned Andrew, we've also added a couple of other senior leaders to Andrew's team and are making really good progress as we start to integrate those individual software applications into a true suite that we can deliver to the command center.
Bruce Brda: So, Keith, this is Bruce Brda. Just a couple of more comments. WAVE 7000 is really optimized around – as close as we can get broadband to LMR performance, so really performance-based, Kodiak carrier-integrated. So think of billing, provisioning, support systems, lawful intercept, all of those requirements driven by carriers. We sell the application to the carrier. They operate it. So we're actually paid dollars per sub per month, to the initial part of your question.
Bruce Brda: So, in terms of software enterprise, I made a couple of comments a moment ago about the focus. It's both command center and then communication and collaboration apps. Kodiak fits in the comms and collaboration apps that I just discussed. The Spillman acquisition is going extremely well. It's been a highlight for us. We have generated the additional traction that we hope to get from our reach and, in fact, some cross-sell as well between ECW and Spillman as they serve largely the same tiers of the market, think of Tier 3 and Tier 2, for command centers.
