GregBrown: So kind of overall, contextually, I feel pretty good about the demand signals we see overall at this point for 2021. Now obviously, we're still in a pandemic. We're matching supply and demand, given some of the supply constraints that we're currently going through. So our guidance is informed by those components and we think our full year is a prudent view given where we are. But I think that I'm really pleased with Q4, in particular, a record quarter in North America, a record quarter specifically with LMR in North America and finishing the year with record backlog are all positive trends. Environmentally, we transitioned from one administration to another. I think that what we do rises to the top of the food chain despite Republican or Democratic presidential administrations. I think our federal business, and Jack could talk about it, in 2020 was solid overall. It was down slightly but it was also coming off two back to back record years. But I think that the Biden administration has opportunities for us. I think it's more likely than not that we'll see stimulus but we'll see. And I think that there's also an opportunity perhaps in the new administration for some bipartisan support for potentially an infrastructure bill, which I think foundationally would serve us well. In terms of state and local and video…
GregBrown: As I mentioned 90 days ago, I did expect us to forecast growth in 2021 and that's what we're doing. I do feel, Adam, pretty good about the growth overall but also by segment and the respective technologies and the theaters. I think that we'll grow products in mid single digit. We expect to grow Software and Services in low double digit. The backlog position, as you referenced, serves us well. I think the fact of the matter is we're still early days in February and still in the middle of a pandemic. Things are incrementally getting better. And we're still operating at this point, Adam, with some supply constraints and limitations. Now the demand signals are stronger than the current supply constraints that we have. So that's also informing our guidance and we think given the overall environment, is probably a prudent thing to do at this point in time. We'll see how the rest of the year plays out.
GregBrown: No. I mean, look, I think the body-worn video area is a great opportunity. I think historically, it's been served by one provider. Now there's a more compelling viable choice as an alternative in Motorola Solutions. I think Jack referenced the strong order activity that he saw in Q3 and Q4. I think that serves us well. We also think the integration of body worn video and evidence management into the command center, given our incumbency and strong position across the different modules that broaden the whole suite and command center software, I like that position. And look, I also think we can grow internationally with body worn camera. And at the end of the day, the body worn video addressable market, we think, is about $500 million all in with body worn camera and evidence management. I think we have a great opportunity to take share and be a competitive compelling number two. But I also like the fixed video and access control addressable market being a multiple of that. Without China, we think it's about $15 billion. So there's a lot of room to run across the technologies, inclusive of body worn. But I think historically, that market has been served by one provider.
GregBrown: Yes. I mean, Keith, I agree. And at the end of the day, we said things would improve sequentially in the back half of 2020 as sales engagement improved. I think that was a driver. I think there has been pent up demand and exactly what Jack just said. Even during a COVID year, I can't remember this number of new products that we invested in, in 2020. Yes, we managed discretionary expenses down. Yes, we didn't have travel incentives. We had a benefit on expenses. But at the same time, whether it was APX NEXT, a new TETRA device, Ion for PCR, cloud enabled modules in command center, refreshing the video security suite, we made a conscious effort to invest organically in product development. And I think that strong Q4 in part is because of some of those new products. Our whole intent was not only to come out of COVID but come out stronger than we went in. And I think Kelly and Jack particularly have done a great job on prioritizing new products and investments.
GregBrown: So Paul, you're right. Q4 was better than we anticipated in PCR. So for the full year, as Jason just mentioned, it was down about $300 million. We had signaled it could be about $350 million, so a slight improvement. We do think it will continue to improve in 2021. And in fact, at this point, overall, I think our expectation is that it can grow. Now it will be incrementally as a number of different key verticals like transportation, airline, hospitality, oil and gas as they improve. But 2020 was pretty draconian. I look at it as more or less a floor, and our expectation is for PCR to return to growth in 2021. Now having said that, we still have to operate and execute on that against the supply constraints and limitations that are in front of us. But as we've started out the year in 2021, it's a good start.
GregBrown: I think there's appetite and there's capacity. But if you take a step back, my priority is investing organically in the business. We have great markets. The technologies of land mobile radio, mission critical communications, all the trends around modernizing 911 and command center software and of course, all things video, fixed video and access control, as well as body worn, but these are big addressable markets, in combination approaching $40 billion of an addressable market, that's probably 3x greater than it was for this company five years ago or so. So prioritizing new products, and investments, by the way, an investment like the global manufacturing facility for fixed video in Richardson, Texas, to give us better scale, better capacity, lower unit cost. Jack talked about APX NEXT. He talked about TETRA. He talked about PCR. You know we're investing in the cloud. And by the way, we also bought back stock at attractive rates. We look at the long range plan. We do the DCF. We look at where we think this stock is attractive to buy back and we've been active on that front as well. $612 million of share repurchase last year, $289 million of acquisitions. And we did another double digit raise on dividend of 11% of $436 million. So yes, we continue to scan acquisition opportunities. There will probably be more around video security, software and services. But I think we've been good stewards of capital. We'll continue to be responsible on that front. But we like the prospects both organically and inorganically.
GregBrown: Well, first of all, you're right. I don't think anybody else has the width and breadth of our portfolio. But our goal is to be the best and compelling across all three technologies. I mentioned the size of the addressable market. But I also think, and I referenced this a little bit in the opening remarks, I also think the special sauce is the integration of these technologies. Not only does not no one else have them but I think you're going to see us integrate them as well. Automated workflow, machine learning, AI powered analytics that allow -- I mean, there's volumes of video. And how do you see it, how do you watch it, how do you extract it, how do you redact it, how do you push it, to an incident to a dispatcher? And we're working not just having best in class point products for these technologies, and I like the hand of cards we're playing, but it's the orchestration and the integration led by our Chief Technology Officer, Mahesh Saptharishi, who's making great progress on the orchestration and integration. So you think about the things that are going on, whether it's social unrest, wildfires, immigration, there's a lot of trends, socially and environmentally that I think are favorable. There's a lot of technology trends that I think are favorable. And as we've talked about consistently about the overarching purpose of our company, of helping people be their best in the moments, those critical, mission-critical, literally moments that matter, that's the envelope of our vision and the technologies that we invest and the integration that we're pursuing. And I think there's more room to run, to your point, outside of the United States in a number of international theaters and stay tuned for us to share some more things on that front as well.
GregBrown: Yes, Jim, I would say, remember, I mean, I think that engagements improved, new products getting traction, pent up demand, and we did have some benefit of CARES Act money, about $150 million in 2020 but also CARES funding is now extended through December of 2021. So there's a good level of continuity there. But you're right. I don't think as we describe the business and look at the visibility in terms of current demand signals, potential stimulus, potential infrastructure builds and things from Washington probably would be further enabling in some of the growth that we're expecting.
JackMolloy: So Tim, just to kind of decompose your two questions, number one, in terms of our fixed video government sales, we're really pleased with the progress. If you remember when we acquired Avigilon, it was essentially a nascent business and very strong growth. In fact, fixed video growth in 2020 was north of 45% so we like that. That feels good. We also acquired Pelco. And I think it's important to point out that Pelco gave us federal government contractual mechanisms with which to sell upon and we enjoyed that, those contracts in 2020. So we feel good about that but more importantly, where we're going moving forward in 2021. With respect to mobile video, actually, we had a very strong year. If you look at the second half of the year, both Q3 and Q4, orders for body cams were up for us over 60% in both respective quarters. Fundamentally, what we're hearing from our customer base is customers want an alternative. I think with our market reach, our go to market coverage, our channels, I think we've got a reach to start to get into suburban rural municipalities as well, which is where we're going to start seeing the next level of decisions. The other piece of it that we haven't talked much about was we acquired a company called Edesix through our Avigilon acquisition. We had two international wins of over $1 million last year. And again, we think we're well set for the international market. The last thing and I think that really ties it all together and Greg hit it on the script is we're obviously launching a new digital evidence management platform this year with CommandCentral Evidence. We've got a differentiator and that our body worn and how mobile video flows ties into our full workflow with CAD mobile records and are obviously digital evidence management. So we're excited. We think we're well poised for the body worn space as well.
JackMolloy: Yes. And the only other thing I'd add on that, Greg, we don't think it's one or the other. As we said before, they all need to have technologies. Do you need body cams for accountability? Yes, without a doubt. And we've seen our growth over 60% both Q3 and Q4. But if you look at our performance from an LMR perspective, it was big deals like Nassau and New Jersey. But quite frankly, Q4 from a grassroots perspective, which we track was our strongest Q4 in five years. And so we think there's certainly opportunities on both ends of the spectrum and we think wallets won't be constrained, wallets will open up for more technology.
JackMolloy: So a few things. As you can imagine, part of this was we had, I would say, our engagement with customers, particularly in Q2, was slightly impaired. So we saw obviously the velocity of those engagements improve in the second half. But the other thing that I think we're going to start to see, particularly as it relates to Nassau County, which was one of the big deals that we cited in our script, was a mix to the APX NEXT, which we announced in October of 2019. Is that obviously come at an ASP appreciation for us? It does. But I think more importantly, as you look throughout the portfolio, you look at what Kelly has brought to market in command center software. You look at what we're doing from a PCR perspective. Just this week, we announced a category changer in the ion device, which combines a legacy PCR device but also does private LTE and CBRS in one device. And so we think some of the investments we've made from an R&D perspective on device refresh, on converging devices and those experiences will continue to provide kind of an upgrade, upsell opportunity for our customers. We think more to follow into 2021.
JackMolloy: And the thing we failed to mention just internationally as we start to see our momentum grow there is the MXP600, which was really the first major TETRA device announcement. And quite frankly, we were oversubscribed for that in Q4. We took as many orders we could ship. So we're happy with that too.
JackMolloy: So we've seen -- historically, five, six, seven years ago, people would hold the device for 10 years. The refresh cycle now looks more like six to seven years for a device.
JackMolloy: So obviously, within the US and globally, there's so many municipalities, law enforcement. But the one thing that I would say is that we've looked over history, the XTS family, the APX family, we typically get three to five years until the revenue becomes very meaningful, and so we're 2.5 years in. We feel like we've got a great amount of refresh cycle, both with the APX NEXT and then internationally with their MXP600 device.
JackMolloy: Ben, we invested in the Ion because we believe we had an opportunity to create a new category. So some of the things that it does, obviously, when we make an engineering decision to include higher throughput mechanisms like private LTE, CBRS, we want to do though because we have an eye on a workflow that a customer application. So as an example, it does image capture. It does scanning. It does things that no radio that we've ever made for the PCR space has ever done. So fundamentally, that creates new opportunities. Think of things like warehousing, manufacturing, even there's hospitality, stadium security type applications. We also think, as Greg referred to Safety Reimagine, as we start to see our video opportunities, access control, merge with PCR opportunities, we think that kind of device plays well into that environment too. So again, it would be accretive to what we typically do. It redefines the PCR category.
JasonWinkler: So we saw strong orders across the board, North America we highlighted being a record. We talked about some rather large orders, Nassau County, some utilities summing to $50 million. But as Jack just mentioned, our grassroots, which is smaller deals, transactional type deals were also up significantly. So across the board type deal activity in North America, complemented also by international with renewal of managed services in EMEA and a new contract award for the State of Tasmania in Australia. So I'd say across the board in both theaters, strong orders performance.
JasonWinkler: Also, the investments we're making on the product side of LMR to advance the networks continue to get more complex and connecting them the cloud with Cirrus will continue to provide opportunities to grow our managed services offer in and around those new products.
JasonWinkler: PCR, no. But PCR was down about $300 million from last year. That was the decline that we saw in 2020.
JasonWinkler: So within the technologies you're referring to, the growth expectations for video security are to be up high teens this year and command center software to return to 20% growth like measures which you mentioned on some of the lookback into 2019 and 2018 as we get beyond the pandemic impact, and that LMR would be up mid single digits. Those are the expectations for '21 from a technology standpoint.
JasonWinkler: So Sami, the guidance for full year 2021 does not contemplate any award or anticipated monetary settlement. What I would say is our engagement and pursuit legally of Hytera is unwavering and relentless. The court recently kind of recalculated the compensatory and punitive judgment to a number, I think it's $544 million, is the recalculated federal court award, but it doesn't change the fact that Hytera stole. They sold trade secrets. They infringed and they infringed on copyright source code. So that's unchanged. And having said that, we expect the current damages award again, I think it's $544 million, we expect that to increase after a court applies a pre and post trial interest as well as a compulsory royalty going forward. So stay tuned. We continue to pursue. It will remain front and center, nothing more important than protecting our intellectual property. But none of what I described is reflective of the numbers we talked about today.
JasonWinkler: The only other thing, Jim, that I'd piggyback on to what Greg said is that, obviously, the education space appears to be a place that there's going to be funding directed at and prioritized. What's really lost in the shuffle and lost in the noise is, I think, a pretty solid print in Q4 was what we've done with connected learning with our CBRS investment. We did close to $10 million in 2020 with some pretty major cities that those projects are a little bit like a snowball. They'll continue to grow. We’ll also pull through video opportunities and access control opportunities. So we think there could be some potential that in the education space as well.
KellyMark: On the Services, we've been pleased with the performance of Services. In particular, it demonstrates the resiliency of the recurring revenue business that we've built in Software and Services. In particular, as we look at 2020 and going into 2021, North America Services has been growing, so is international. We have expanded our service offering. We are now pushing a bit more into cybersecurity as well, which is a very, very attractive area that continues to be a focus amongst municipalities. But I think that the Services business, as we look at it, continues to operate at a steady pace. As Jason just highlighted, we had a number of good orders, managed service orders internationally that either extended existing networks that we had or also added on new ones like the Tasmania transaction that we just discussed. So the Services business continues to be something that demonstrates also the resiliency of LMR and the demand for that, because we see our customers continue to renew the contracts that they have at increased rates and on time, which is a very positive indicator of both the compelling nature of our services but also the importance of LMR.
KellyMark: So the cybersecurity services that we offer right now and the ones that we also expanded last year with a couple of acquisitions will focus around monitoring, in incident resolution and helping our customers understand the risk profile of what they have installed both in their command center and in their LMR networks. So our initial focus is on those core areas that we provide our products around, specifically the LMR networks, as I said, in the command center. We'll look to expand to their critical networks that they may need to manage their operations. So it's pretty focused right now but something that our customers are very interested in because those are obviously the most critical assets that they need to protect and make sure they're always up and running.
KellyMark: On that question, the answer is yes. It's definitely stimulated, the interest in the cloud. I think everybody from consumers all the way to government have learned the importance of cloud and the ability to operate remotely. We accelerated our efforts to drive more and more of our command center to the cloud. You'll continue to see us expand more to the cloud even this year. It is one of the faster growing areas in our portfolio. We're getting a lot of interest in regards to conversations with our customers. As you know, those buying cycles are somewhat long so you'll hear more and more about that in the future. I would highlight, just as we talk about our command center growth, our SaaS revenue growth as a component of our command center, is growing at a multiple of our overall command center software growth. So that's a good indication that we're seeing more and more customers show interest and transition towards that type of model.
KellyMark: That's correct and yes, it is. That is definitely another component, that's the final and the last component that we need to add to the cloud.
KellyMark: And I'd add, in our product cycles, we run concurrent devices, both the old and the new so that we continue to sell both. It's not a consumer like where you switch from one to the other. So customers expect the device to be available for some time. And then, of course, the new device as it becomes more feature-rich and compelling, leads to a transition point.
