Gregory Brown: Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook.  First, I'm very pleased with our performance during the quarter and, in particular, our ability to navigate the current supply chain environment to deliver the critical solutions that our customers rely on every day. We achieved revenue at the higher end of our guidance and earnings per share above our guidance, ended the year with record backlog of $13.6 billion, up 19% versus last year, and generated $703 million of operating cash flow during the quarter and a record $1.8 billion for the full year.  Second, our full year results exemplify the strength and durability of our business and highlight our ability to leverage our large installed base to sell more value-add software and services. For the year, the Software and Services segment grew 13%, expanded operating margins by 210 basis points and accounted for 38% of total sales and 54% of total operating earnings for the company. Additionally, revenue was up double digits in all 3 technologies in the segment, led by 39% growth in video security and access control software, which resulted in approximately $400 million for that category of revenue for the year.  And finally, looking ahead to this year, our record backlog and continued demand are informing our expectations for another year of strong revenue, earnings and cash flow growth, with growth in both segments despite the ongoing and fluid supply chain challenges.  At this point, I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Jason. Let me just end this piece with a few additional thoughts. First, 2021 was an outstanding year for our company. We achieved record orders, sales, earnings and cash flow. We increased backlog, $2.2 billion. And we returned approximately $1 billion to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Additionally, we continue to invest in our video security and command center software offerings with the acquisitions of Openpath, Envysion and 911 Data Master.  Second, I'd like to provide you with a little bit more color on what we're currently seeing with supply and demand and how that impacts our current 2022 expectations. Demand across all 3 technologies was incredibly strong in 2021. In fact, it even accelerated in Q4. Like many companies, procuring semiconductor supply to meet our increasing demand has been challenging, and the environment in Q4 was even further impacted with supplier delays and the impact of the Omicron variant. In particular, delays from some semiconductor suppliers required us, as Jason just referenced, to substitute parts from alternative sources at higher costs, and this will impact margins for Q1 and Q2.  For the full year, we still expect solid revenue growth in the Products segment, driven by both video security and LMR products, inclusive of PCR. We've taken a careful look at our portfolio and made further pricing adjustments that we anticipate will take effect in the second half of the year and lead to 2022 full year gross margins that will be comparable and operating margins that will be slightly higher year-over-year.  Third, I'm really pleased with our position for growth. The funding environment for our customers continues to remain exceptionally strong. Our APX NEXT refresh cycle is gaining traction with our public safety customers with almost $100 million in Q4 orders alone. We continue to capture market share in our video security and command center software businesses and our recurring revenues continue to grow. And our balance sheet is stronger than ever, which allows us to be opportunistic in our deployment of capital in this current environment.  And finally, I'd like to just recognize all of the Motorola employees around the world who, despite the pandemic, have never wavered in their commitment to our customers and also in giving back. Last year, our foundation donated more than $12 million to charitable organizations, and our employees volunteered a record 65,000 hours in more than 40 countries. I'm incredibly proud of their efforts and of the recognition we continue to receive. We were recently named again to Fortune's Most Admired Companies and as one of the 100 Best ESG companies by Investor's Business Daily.  I'm also really pleased with our recent announcement that Dr. Ayanna Howard will be joining our Board. Her perspective and experience in AI and robotics will be invaluable as we continue advancing these technologies that deliver public safety and enterprise security.  I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and welcome your questions.
Gregory Brown: Sure. Thanks, Tim. We were pleased about the extension of Airwave. The U.K. Home Office exercised their contractual right in December to extend it by 4 years to the end of 2026. Obviously, we welcome that. We think that's good news. We also think that's a continuing reflection of the criticality and the importance of what that network does for British first responders.  It was extended at contractual existing pricing. And having said that, we also, in parallel, continue to work with the Competition Markets Authority as they continue to progress with their investigation. We're actively engaged with them. And I think by their own time line, the CMA expects to conclude their work by, I think, sometime in the summer or the mid or end of summer, and we would update you accordingly. But we obviously feel good about this development, and we're very proud of the resilience and the investment we continue to make in Airwave.
Gregory Brown: Yes, Tim. I'm really pleased with the execution by Jack Molloy and John Kedzierski and Mahesh in our full Video Security and Access Control business. For the year, the category -- the technology category grew 32%, 21% organic, which I think is great. And for 2022, our outlook is and expectation is for video security and access control to grow approximately 20%.  When we look at the category in total, we think that market in the main is probably growing 7% or 8%. So the good news is we continue to take share. We've taken share in 2021. We can -- I believe we'll take share again in 2022. We're getting really good traction in the government vertical, which Avigilon had a very nascent presence in. We're updating and refreshing the product portfolio, both on fixed video, and of course, we acquired Pelco and Indigo Vision. We've refreshed the camera portfolio. We're doing more investment in software and analytics. Mahesh is leading the refresh around in-car and body-worn camera. And I'm also very pleased with the Openpath acquisition we did earlier.  I like our execution. The addressable market in 2022 is now, we believe, $18 billion, $3 billion larger than last year. We're taking share. We're growing and I like our outlook.
Gregory Brown: Yes, Erik, we -- the incremental material semiconductor costs of $120 million for all of '22 is primarily LMR, which is inclusive of PCR. There's also some video in there as well, but we expect the incremental material semiconductor cost to be about $50 million in Q1, $50 million in Q2 and $20 million in the back half as we make progress fulfilling backlog and we have taken additional pricing increases. As the year progresses, our leverage will improve from a P&L and operating earnings standpoint.
Gregory Brown: Yes. I think pricing and backlog is largely fixed and cannot be repriced. I think that's informing the guide we're giving you both for the full year and the linearity of the impact of margins of Q1 and Q2 primarily. But the backlog is as strong as I've ever seen it. And even if you take the extension of Airwave out, it also was still really strong in LMR and PCR as well.
Gregory Brown: Yes. The other thing to note is, as you know, this ARPA money is multiyear in duration. So the $350 billion that Jack talked about, the $170 billion, and there's more, some of this multiyear funding goes all the way out to the end of 2024. When you take that visibility of funding, in addition to state and local tax receipts being robust, and then you combine some of the other regulatory things around NDAA, but also more recently, the Secure Equipment Act where the FCC has been directed to direct certain Chinese companies and prevent them from competing like Hytera in LMR or Hikvision in Dahua for fixed video for state and local opportunities in the U.S., that's an incremental benefit as well. So the environment is strong.
Gregory Brown: Yes, Louie, thank you. I think our growth is coming for a variety of reasons. I think it's the portfolio we have, the investment Molloy has made in go-to-market, the refresh that Mahesh is doing on mobile video. Yes, I do think NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act, for the federal government is a beneficial tailwind. Jack talked about on the last call, we were targeting $330 million of the overall fixed video and access control category to be yielded from government customers. We actually exceeded that. It was closer to slightly above $350 million. So yes, I think we will continue to take share and grow our business in the government vertical. But I also think we'll take it -- continue to take share in commercial enterprise as well.
Gregory Brown: I think we entered Q4 with strong demand. And then it got -- it did accelerate in Q4. The end user that I would highlight is probably the public safety customers for APX NEXT. We had high expectations. We've spent a lot of time improving, refreshing the APX NEXT that Jack has referenced. Orders and demand increased. It was outstanding in Q4. And we also introduced the APX XN fire radio. We have plans to introduce a mid-tier APX NEXT. And if I were to highlight, Louie, 1 area, although demand was fairly broad, I would highlight the APX NEXT public safety users in North America. And as Jack's already referenced, I think we're in the early innings of that APX NEXT refresh cycle.
Gregory Brown: Well, I would say this. So we talked about overall demand being strong. It accelerated in Q4. Paul, you know we ended the year with record backlog. We're providing full year revenue guidance of 7%. That is in the context of semiconductor constraints that we think will be throughout most of 2022. It also is guidance that incorporates a $60 million headwind for FX. So we certainly don't have any demand problem in this environment. It's a supply-constrained environment.  And when I think about, look, how much better could it be, look, I think if supply was more free flowing, I think we could have growth in 2022 that wouldn't be too much dissimilar from the year we just completed. So demand is strong. And we're navigating it, and we're -- I'm pleased with the execution that the team is doing.  As we look at supply, yes, we're buying broker parts at higher cost. We're looking for substitute alternatives. Molloy and Scott Mottonen on the engineering side are doing real-time product design, redesign work. That takes a little bit of time. We're carrying longer, higher inventory. We are entering into longer-term supply agreements where we can with certain semiconductor providers. So I think we're doing a lot in parallel, but demand is strong.
Gregory Brown: I would say not too dissimilar from last year. So you could take that within the contours of that. But clearly, it's stronger than 7% and the $60 million of headwind with FX. But yes, Paul, I think you're absolutely directionally on it.
Gregory Brown: Well, first of all, I was happy to see the DOJ earlier this week announced 21 count criminal indictment of Hytera for conspiracy. It is separate than our civil actions. It doesn't change our strategy on the pending civil litigation, Paul. And now as a result of a series of judgments, they owe us in excess of $670 million, separate from the criminal actions that the DOJ just announced. They are effectively shut down in the U.S. and Australia and Germany. I think this will put incrementally more pressure on them.  Look, we're in a multiyear campaign. There's nothing more important, nothing, Paul, than our intellectual property and the innovation that we invest in. We will continue to defend it. We will fiercely continue to pursue collection. I don't mind spending the money and we'll do what we need to do to get appropriate remuneration back from Hytera. It was a very concerted multiyear campaign where they stole, and we're going to get them to pay for it.  I like the fact that the DOJ announced their criminal indictment, but I look at that as kind of 2 different parallel streams and doesn't interfere with our focus and perseverance and determination around our civil litigation.
Gregory Brown: I think that our actual judgments are over $670 million when you add in attorney's fees and prejudgment interest and trial costs and so on. I think -- I'm just saying in the main, Paul, I think the pressure on this company is so great. In the U.S., I'd be surprised if they're able to continue to operate going forward. We'll see, but we're going to pursue all of our collections. And if it includes asset seizure, we'll do that, too. But we're not going to let people, anybody, steal our product or trade secrets or intellectual property.
Gregory Brown: Yes, Ben, I would actually say, and I think Jack referenced this earlier, I think there is a strong steady state to begin with around these budgets before you get to Recovery Act money. I think that the narrative a year ago was deep on the police. I think we've seen a reversal of that hyperbole politically, but we're also seeing more and more investment. People know that they need investment and more modern and secure infrastructure to protect these communities. And we're seeing that across the board. So I think steady state is stronger. I think the sentiment around police investment is different than it was several quarters ago, and then you layer on ARPA.
Gregory Brown: I think, Jim, the high-level answer is yes because it fuels overall demand and funds for those changes. But you also know that command center is software and their existing tools is one that embeds existing inertia and workflows. And it's actually -- yes, it's available funding that can fund those transitions, but it's also the reinvention on transformation of employee, public habits and workflow that's more embedded.  So I still think it will take time. Sales cycles are a little bit longer. And as we do that, as Mahesh and Jack talked about last time, we're looking to move more sales along a hybrid strategy of meeting customers where they are so it could be a prem solution. It could be a SaaS subscription solution. But as we sell more of those transitions, we expect it to be more of a annual recurring revenue and less of a CapEx purchase, which will elongate kind of the revenue recognition over time. And clearly, it's a positive, though. Mahesh, did you want to add something? No. Okay. Jack? No. Okay.
Gregory Brown: Again, thank you for joining us this afternoon. For all of the Motorola people listening, I want to thank you for not just your perseverance during a challenging Q4 with Omicron and additional supply constraints, but for the whole year. You've been unwavering, and you've allowed us and fueled our capability to achieve a lot of the record results that we talked about this afternoon.  Demand is strong. As I mentioned, it got stronger in Q4, and we're very proud of the fact that we ended the year with record backlog. The funding environment, which we just talked about, again, it just remains exceptional. We're growing and taking share in all 3 technologies. By the way, our total Software business in 2021 is approaching $1 billion, if you count all software. And we expect it to exceed $1 billion in 2022. And even with the $120 million of incremental material semiconductor costs and $60 million of FX headwinds, we still expect to grow approximately 7% and expand operating margins as well.  Conditions like this, while challenging, also present great opportunities, inorganic and organic. And with our balance sheet, our firepower, we have every intention of deploying capital strategically, surgically, but to continue to drive significant shareholder value creation.  I appreciate everybody on the call. And to all the Motorolans, I'm really proud of you and grateful for everything you're doing.
John Molloy: Sure, Erik. It's Jack. So you're correct. When we originally acquired WatchGuard a few years back, they had had some quality issues with Houston. We put the full team's focus on improving the quality, both from a back-end standpoint as well as from a device standpoint. We've also pivoting our offer in the body-worn space to an as a service offer, and we think that was compelling for the City of Houston.  At the end of the day, we've got long-standing and broad relationships with the City of Houston. I think they trusted us as MSI, as Motorola Solutions to come and fix the appropriate quality issues as we have throughout our history. And I think we're going to have a real happy customer there.  As it relates to body worn in general, it's probably also important to highlight that for the full year, our orders more than doubled. Q4 '21 was a record orders quarter for us. And I'd also highlight that moving forward, we're really well positioned for growth internationally. We think that, in general, the market has wanted an alternative. And as Greg said, we believe we're taking share both domestically and internationally in the body-worn space.
John Molloy: And Jason, we obviously track canceled orders, and canceled orders have been de minimis throughout the 2021.
John Molloy: Sure, George. So maybe to start, from a CARES perspective, in 2021, we had about $50 million last year in CARES. And really, the conversations have pivoted to the American rescue plan. As we highlighted, $350 billion available to state and local and then $170 billion available to schools, which is, interestingly enough, one of our biggest vertical solutions for video security and access control. So the funding environment, not only from a stimulus perspective, but actually from a state and local budgets and receipts perspective, has been as good as we've ever seen in my -- really in the history of my business.  But probably more importantly, Jason highlighted it, Greg highlighted it, it's making sure that we've got the attractive portfolio to meet to do that. And so things like APX NEXT and device refresh from an LMR perspective, things like driving new camera portfolio, investing in analytics and AI and the video security, I think, have positioned and married well with the stimulus opportunities, which is what you're seeing in backlog and I think future demand.
John Molloy: Yes. And I think we look at -- we track our ARP funding as well and the pipeline to start '22 just to mentalize it over '21 is up. But again, I think it's more important -- I think equally as important as the stimulus funding is just the condition of state and local budgets in general.
John Molloy: One other thing I'd feather in, Greg, just is we talked about our Pelco acquisition and what that meant in terms of bringing federal government contracts, and we actually have invested in a refresh of that portfolio, which I think will be critically important for our federal government business. It dovetails with all things NDAA Secure Communications Act in 2022 and beyond.
John Molloy: Into government. It serves all of the great portfolio. Mahesh has around mobile and in-car, complemented by fixed video, a market that was nascent for Avigilon just 3 years ago. So it's been a good market for us and continue to be.
John Molloy: And so, Ben, as we talked about, ARPA is a multiyear -- it's multiyear in terms of how we'll draw down that money. I want to point out, there was important clarification that was directed by the United States Treasury Department in early January. They issued a final guidance, which was actually a few hundred pages long. That guidance, and this is really important, they made several references to how that money was to be used, namely law enforcement equipment technology and there are various different caveats, but that was very important. Pointed to things like P25 infrastructure, P25 devices that those funding were able to be pointed towards, obviously, the products that we make.  So I think that was very beneficial. But again, as I said, I think it's one thing to have the funding, but it's more important to have the portfolio that resonates to them. And I think as we've said across the 3 technology segments, we're the market leader, and we believe we're taking share.
Jason Winkler: And on PCR, even with the supply constraints on the year that it had, it grew in 2021 9% to just over $800 million. So despite the supply chain and backlog in that PCR space that were yet to deliver, it grew 9%.
Jason Winkler: I'd also point to the services of our backlog is -- as the largest part of our backlog. And within it, our multiyear services contracts, many of them do have a pricing mechanism around price escalation. So Services and Software has a little bit of a hedge there on parts of the business.
Jason Winkler: So the bulk of our backlog, again, is direct customers, their public safety in nature. They order when they need things, and we're prioritizing them. We do have a channels business as well, record low inventory levels among the channel. And we're prioritizing the demand signal from them, which we believe to be very clean. So in terms of pull forward and pricing strategies, we've been adjusting price for a number of quarters, and our backlog has been largely unaffected.
Jason Winkler: The bulk of the $50 million is related to our supply lines around semiconductor, which are embedded in the products, primarily LMR. So the bulk of that $50 million or that $50 million is within the Products segment.
Jason Winkler: The supply chain environment is challenging on the front, Keith, of freight being elevated, which we talked about and most companies are having to navigate those higher prices. The material cost drivers that we've highlighted as incremental this year are entirely around obtaining supply for semiconductors. There are other general price pressures within supply chain, but we are mitigating those. They are not the key challenge that we have. We've navigated those. It's really freight and it's semiconductors.  We have a higher inventory position, too, Keith, I'll point you to on the balance sheet, nearing $800 million of inventory. So we're creating a buffer for the other categories of parts beyond semiconductors so that when the available semiconductors are delivered, that we have the right matching of componentry. So I'd say our key challenges and continuing are around supply chain of semis.
Jason Winkler: It's both. Our demand has increased, but our original demand signal has not been delivered. We've had delivery delays from a handful of semiconductor suppliers. That's in part what we pointed to and what's driving the incremental costs of $120 million this year.
Jason Winkler: Jack, maybe you can talk about the funnel development. But in terms of it -- it's implied in the both products growth and SNS growth for the year.
Jason Winkler: Sure. So we've been looking at the portfolio and implementing surgical adjustments through Q3 and Q4. It really depends on the portfolio and how we stack up competitively. We've been adjusting not only list prices, but also discount management and programs, which can also yield higher sales and lower discounts. It's tough to put a number on it in aggregate. It's going to be an improvement and a real help to offset the costs that we talked about in the second half. So the series of actions in aggregate that we put together will offset a large part of the pricing of the cost increases that we mentioned incrementally. That's why the bulk of the $120 million of increased semiconductor costs is in the first half, $100 million of it. $20 million of it is in the second half, and that's in part because of the actions we put in place.
Jason Winkler: So mix changes in the portfolio enhancements we make, like APX NEXT, are contemplated as we plan any given year, right? And in the mid-tier APX NEXT that Greg mentioned that's coming into the portfolio, that may come at a price premium to its successor, is factored into our base case. The price increases that we're referring to are in the -- incremental to that around prices of products that perhaps are more aged and not new products, but rather products that have been in the market for a bit. We've looked at that across the portfolio with Jack's team around the elasticity of our entire portfolio.
Jason Winkler: Sure. So the $120 million that is incremental that we've been talking about on this call regarding supply lines for semiconductors is not a structural. It's temporary. We're having to pay a premium because the available supply from the committed suppliers isn't necessarily there. And so as a result, we're paying a premium, a markup, if you will, competing in the open market for other manufacturers who need the same part.  So as we think about what happens to those costs over time, hence, the market and semiconductor manufacturers, all of whom are working to increase capacity, all of whom are working to fulfill our needs, and we have excellent relationships with the suppliers that we're navigating through this journey with, as those things improve, those costs get mitigated.
Adam Tindle: Greg, I wanted to start on the record backlog. Just to be clear, is that something that you can reprice? Or is that locked in? Because the concern would be that margin compression might last a little bit longer if prices are locked in and costs remain elevated. So maybe you could touch on the dynamics there.
Adam Tindle: Got it. And maybe just a quick clarification on that. Some investors might be concerned that we have price increases coming in the back half of the year and maybe some of this record backlog that we're seeing as some pull forward of demand ahead of those price increases. What would you say to those investors? I'm sure you thought about that.
Adam Tindle: Got it. If I could just get a quick clarification for Jason. It's so unusual for us to deal with the $50 million hit in Q1 and the implied margin. Is there any way for you to help us with margin by segment? Because I'm trying to understand if there's also a step down in Services and Software margin implied in this guidance.
