Greg Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q1 was an excellent start to what I believe will be another strong year with first quarter records for sales, operating earnings and ending backlog. Revenue grew 13%. Earnings per share grew 16%, and we generated operating cash flow of $251 million. I'm pleased – secondly, I'm pleased with our results in Product and Systems Integration and Services and Software. We reported double-digit growth in both segments driven by the Americas and EMEA. At the same time, we did grow backlog year-over-year by almost $800 million. And finally, demand remained strong across our platforms in LMR communications, command center software in video security and analytics. And we continue to invest in our unique mission-critical ecosystem that we're building for long-term growth. I'll now turn the call over to Gino. He'll provide additional details on Q1 results and outlook before returning for some closing thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino, and let me just close briefly with a few thoughts. First, our Q1 performance positions us for another year of growth coming off a record 2018. Second, we continue to invest in our unique mission-critical ecosystem by expanding our LMR, command center software and video security and analytics platforms. And I expect Services and Software to comprise about 1/3 of our full year 2019 revenue, up from approximately 31% last year. And finally, for the full year 2019, I continue to expect us to deliver higher gross margins, operating margins, EPS and cash flow. And as these durable cash flows grow, you should expect continued discipline and rigor around capital allocation for long-term shareholder value. And I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Greg Brown: Yes. Walt, I think it has resonated with some of our customers. And as you know, the concern about Huawei and more specifically, Hikvision and Dahua in the video surveillance space, which is in the National Defense Authorization Act. Obviously, it's a concern with the federal government because they're prohibited – any federal agency is prohibited from procuring vendor equipment by that brand. Specifically from a component standpoint, you're right. Huawei has a silicon chip that is in also in a number of our competitors. But if you look at the federal government and then critical infrastructure, which has many of the same attributes, yes, I think it is a growing concern. I think the NDAA takes effect in August of this year, but it's clearly favorable in terms of what we're doing with Avigilon. Avigilon grew – I think it grew well in Q1 ahead of the market. We still expect it to grow at about 15% and with a little bit more traction in fed government, state and local, in the second half.
Greg Brown: Yes. Walt, a lot of what you've seen with the Huawei, the computer and chips aren't really in public safety. A lot of those are enterprise type customers and there's concerns here, but it's not the same and it's not the same regulations and stipulations as to what they buy as you've seen in the National Defense Authorization Act. So it's a little different approach in the enterprise versus government and critical infrastructure space.
Greg Brown: Avtec. Avtec, yes. So the Avtec, we're excited about Avtec. It does two things fundamentally. Number one, it expands the commercial markets we serve. It's a dispatch solution, but it actually extends us into the airport, seaport and rail markets, which are new markets for us, so we're excited there. The second thing is as we looked at our R&D portfolio, where we're planning on next generation dispatch for commercial, there were some economies in terms of bringing the company on, and we like what they're doing from a development standpoint. So very well-run company in the South Carolina. We're excited to have them as part of the family.
Greg Brown: Sure. Hi, Vijay. We feel very good about the components that we have and the width and breadth of what we've acquired to include, as you referenced, 911 call handling, get dispatch, records and evidence management. And we do not believe that competitively, anyone else has the width and breadth of the suite that we are building. It's a fragmented marketplace. There's different competitors depending upon the element that's being evaluated. But I think Kelly and Andrew Sinclair and team are doing a really good job on building out the suite, cloud-enabling the portfolio and its respective components, increasing SaaS subscriptions and moving away from perpetual license. And I like our competitive position. To the earlier question by George, I think we have high interest. More customers remain interested in buying components of the suite. But given the buying habits of state and local, I think it will be gradual but that's okay. But very much like what Kelly and team are building there.
Greg Brown: Actually, Vijay, let me just jump back. Gino and I work very closely, quite frankly, the whole team on the deployment of capital. I think it's the most important thing we do. As you've seen, we've done a combination of increased organic investment, inorganic acquisitions surgically to build out the command center software suite and video assets that we think are strategic in video security and analytics and also return capital to shareholders. Love the fact that we did -- we're able to do $145 million of share repurchase in Q1 at $118 a share. Gino has been very consistent in our capital allocation framework 50%, 30%, 20%. 50% to be used for share repurchase for acquisition, 30% dividend and 20% CapEx. Given our performance to-date, we have about $500 million approximately available to us between now and the remainder of the year, which is fungible between either share repurchase or acquisition. We also expect to pay down the short term loan associated for $400 million associated with the Avigilon acquisition we made last year. We expect to complete that by the end of the year.
Greg Brown: So we feel very good about the year, the full year and the remainder of the year. As Gino talked about, we look at the year and our overall performance and focus on organic growth, more specifically organic growth, constant currency. So we did have a strong Q1 driven largely by a couple of orders in Fed. But we're less concerned around the individual linearity within a quarter but stick to the full year. And we believe with overall backlog up, aged backlog comparable to slightly up for the remainder of the year that our full year guidance on top line remains prudent. I'll also remind you that we have $25 million of incremental FX headwinds from the last time we spoke that's incorporated and contemplated into our full year guidance. When we look at the EPS, it is largely a flow-through associated with the lower tax rate. But there is some, a couple of pennies associated with improved business performance overall. We love the start. We feel comfortable about our expected ability to achieve what we stated and it's performing as expected. But we think the guidance is prudent at this point in time.
Greg Brown: I think the software and Services operating margin is consistent with what we've told you before as is P&SI. Just to put a finer point on it, I think that probably operating margin in the 22% to 23% range for the full year seems to make the most sense at this point in time.
Greg Brown: Yes. I think the gating factor or in terms of going after public safety and state and local is more about channel and sales cycle. Remember, Avigilon was a commercial enterprise video company, which was great and they've done a great job. But Molloy has done a very good job of redirecting investment, mainly sales coverage and heads and the channel program to redirect it to be more public safety. So I don't think it was a product interoperability issue with command center software. I think it's channel investment that takes time. And I think it's sales cycle on competitive RFPs that take time. We still expect strong growth to your overall point, which is why we stated upfront that we think Avigilon can grow 3x the market at about 15%. So we do expect to get more traction. But at this point, we think on a larger basis, it's prudent to leave that guidance consistently at about that level. But good progress.
Greg Brown: I'll just answer the second one real quickly just because I mentioned it a few minutes ago. But the tax rate difference or the lower tax rate we think is worth about $0.05 and we raised the high end from $770 to $772. So the EPS guidance raise, you're right, it's because largely of lower tax rate but not solely. There's also some business improvement that comes from that.
Greg Brown: And Jim, as it relates to kind of overall macroeconomics, I think the very good thing about this business among other things is the consistent demand for what we sell. Real strong economy or in a more tepid economy. We see consistent strength in North America. And also strength because the markets, the addressable markets that we're playing in have been expanded. So if you rewind the tape and you know this very well, we were more traditionally a mission-critical radio communications provider. As we continue to invest organically and inorganically, we're doing – we're playing in so many other areas beyond that. We're playing in the command center, software space with the respective components and an addressable market there that's $5 billion to $6 billion. We're in the video, security and analytics market now with Avigilon, which we think is about $12 billion-plus, completely zeroing out China. And of course, Kelly and team continue to build out the services around that. So I think the strength and the continued performance of what we're doing is because of the width and the breadth of our product portfolio led by a healthy economy in North America but also reflecting at its fundamental base the criticality and consistent demand for land mobile radio. We talked about wins in Iowa and Pennsylvania. Historically, we had the award here in Florida. It's not contracted for yet. Airwave was extended through the end of 2022. But in a variety of different theaters where Molloy and team compete, land mobile radio demand and the criticality of mission-critical communications is pretty consistent. That's what I think is continuing to drive us along with coverage and execution. I don't know, Jack, if you want to add anything.
Walter Piecyk: Thanks. Just want to focus on product systems integration. The growth rate, 12%. Correct me if I'm wrong because I may have misremembered this, but wasn't there – was it in the last quarter or the March quarter of 2018 didn't have some larger than expected revenue? I think it was Q1 and Q2, so is it fairly difficult comp to put that growth rate on? And if so, what does that mean as we kind of head into Q2 and Q3? Is there something you're able to maintain? Or is there also similarly some kind of onetime or just particularly large contracts that end up getting realized in the quarter? Thanks.
Walter Piecyk: Right. Sorry, I meant the 6% and just 12% obviously has some of the acquisitions. Okay. And then on...
Walter Piecyk: Got it. I just thought it would have because of the difficult comp, maybe started – it would have been flip-flopped from what you said and maybe start a little tougher in the first half and then strengthen from there. But I guess we'll see how the year progresses. My follow-up is for Avigilon, obviously, continuing a lot of press in terms of the amount of the focus on Huawei and how their components are in competitors' cameras. Just curious on has that resonated? Has that started to resonate with customers in that segment? Do you see any actual pickup in whether it's interest or actually order flow as a result of customers rejecting some of your competitors because of the components that they have in there from Huawei? Thank you.
Gino Bonanotte: Yes. Walt, this is Gino. You do remember correctly, Q1 last year, it include a large order, a large revenue from a California customer. If you look at Q1 for PS&I and look at it on an organic constancy currency basis, it's approximately 6% in the quarter. Our expectation for the full year has not changed. We talked about constant currency growth for the full year at approximately 4%. And we talked about the year shaping up similarly to last year, and that's what we're seeing so far. So for the first half, probably a little closer to 5%, full year at approximately 4%. Really, what drove Q1 were a couple of orders in the Fed – in our Fed division. And that's really what drove the overperformance, about a 6% organic constant currency growth rate.
Gino Bonanotte: Well, I'm sorry, just one more thing. It's important to note that Q1 is our smallest quarter in the year when you look at a seasonality perspective. Q1 is the smallest quarter. Q2 and Q3 are comparable, and Q4 is the largest quarter. So that 6% is coming off of a smaller number in Q1.
Gino Bonanotte: Walt, I'm sorry, Keith. The – our view hasn't changed for the full year. We talked about margins in the Services and Software segment gross margins approaching 50% and operating margins approaching 30% for the full year. That continues to be our expectation. No change to P&SI as well on margin expectations. We expanded – we expect to expand margins in both segments in 2019.
Gino Bonanotte: Keith, just to add while we're on the Avtec subject. For the full year, revenue expectation is approximately $20 million. And we expect it to be slightly dilutive for the full year.
Gino Bonanotte: Just to add to that, Jim, keep in mind the share count change from 175 million to 176 million shares. And as mentioned earlier, the acquisition, the Avtec acquisition is slightly dilutive. As you're going through your math and model, you have to incorporate those as well. And as Greg mentioned earlier, the increase in FX, the $25 million increase in FX from FX headwinds from our prior view.
