Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to make a few opening comments about the first quarter and the business overall before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q1 was a solid quarter for us. Revenue was flat, although when adjusting for currency, the business grew 3% with growth in all regions except Latin America. Additionally, we posted double-digit profitability growth with a 24% increase in non-GAAP operating earnings and a 36% increase in non-GAAP earnings per share. Second, I'm very pleased with another excellent quarter of growth in North America, which grew 6% on strong product sales. Overall, our business continues to show signs of improvement, including our backlog position at the end of the quarter, which grew 8%. And third, we continue to drive future growth through important investments in innovation, and we're driving an increasingly-efficient cost base that positions us well for improved leverage and stronger cash generation. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q1 results and our outlook.
Gregory Q. Brown: So, Hudy, a couple of things. Let's start with – I'll start with Harris. Yes, I think clearly that the 4% growth in Q4 led by Jack Molloy and his team, as well as the 6% in Q1, really strong performance. Now, we don't expect North America to grow for the full year at those levels. But that said, there's no question we are taking market share from them. I don't know the exact bifurcation of share gain versus overall market lift. What I would say is though, as per my previous comments, I thought that narrow banding would largely be behind us by the first half of this year. I would say that, that's still true given not only the North America growth performance, but the device performance specifically within North America. That's first. Second, LTE. Despite the LA-RICS delay and the $20 million headwind in Q2 and the down scoping of that project for the full year, I remind you that we have three projects, large ones, that generate probably 90% plus of the LTE revenue. Even with the headwinds in LA, and we're pleased that, that suspension's been lifted, we're looking forward to completing a successful system. We still believe, Hudy, we can do approximately $100 million in Public Safety LTE revenue this year because there's other puts and takes from the other projects. And in the main, we still feel pretty good about the full year and our earlier projections. Last in terms of LTE, we're focused on completing the awards that have been made, as we mentioned at the financial analyst meeting. We're still engaged with some customers in the Middle East, customers in Latin America, customers in Asia Pac. And we will continue to pace here in the U.S. to the pace of FirstNet. The draft RFP is out. It's still unclear what final configuration or business model will result in FirstNet, but we continue to work closely with them, and we'd certainly have a number of options that we're planning for, contingent upon how ultimately, Public Safety LTE gets rolled out in the U.S. So I think we're well prepared from a variety of different options standpoint, and we're still in a good position. And by the way, with the investments we made, we have the best portfolio, and I believe at least a two-year head start versus our competitors.
Gregory Q. Brown: So, Pierre, we – just to be clear, we absolutely view Public Safety LTE as additive, not substitutional to LMR, first and foremost. Our view is unchanged from that perspective. I mean, I can only tell you what customers are telling us and what they're doing, both domestically and internationally. And they continue to buy LMR. By the way, North America being a great example, referenced 4% in Q4, 6% in Q1. The Middle East is another good example. And in the three large projects of Public Safety LTE, they are all either have bought or are in the process of buying brand new LMR systems with multiyear services contract as well. So, look, I know there's a lot of noise about this, but at the end of the day, I feel very good about our position and investments in technology, and specifically, Pierre, mission critical voice and mission critical data communications. Customers are buying both LMR and Public Safety LTE. Backlog are at the highest levels I can remember. And remember, that includes multiyear services showing the staying power and longevity of our solutions and our platforms. So I know there's a lot of noise and misinformation, I just don't see it. I see LMR and our core platforms having a long installed life. And I see Public Safety LTE as being additive and eventually interoperable, so you have broadband data interoperable with narrow band voice. Many countries in Europe continue to buy country-wide TETRA systems. Some of those are also looking at LTE solutions. So I look at it as an overlay. And when you look at the work done in the standards community, and people use labels like mission critical, but there's mission critical voice and then there's mission critical voice for public safety. And you get into a whole host of different attributes in the first layer of the 3GPP standards, the second layer of the 3GPP standards, and then the actual network deployment components that are necessary for power generation and redundancy, and the device-device communications in case the site goes down. I think it's a space we know well, and I think we know both LMR and LTE well. We absolutely view them as additive, and we view them as contributing to a very solid growth story for us going forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: And just, Rod, one other just question about overall backlog. From an aging standpoint, total backlog, now this is both Product and Services, it's slightly better than last year. It's about $50 million at this point better than last year for aged backlog for the remainder of 2015 all in.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think that from an acquisition standpoint, they – the general philosophy would be that they would be in line with the core business of what we do. Primarily, I think as you dimensionalized where we are today as a pure play, I think potentially things around the managed services area or the Smart Public Safety area might afford themselves to round out our portfolio, because we're building the end-to-end infrastructure and device solution. We have it on narrow band LMR. We also have it on a broadband Public Safety LTE. So things that would extend from a situational awareness standpoint to potentially the command and control room, and analytics that would allow the movement of content around software and services. So in general, from a macro standpoint, I'd say software and managed services would seem to be appealing to us. We feel very good about the core radio position and the enhancement of the technology portfolio on that side. But we'll continue to be very surgical in what we do.
Gregory Q. Brown: So we do have a product around body cameras that we're in the market with today. I think that the whole push on situational awareness and the heightened awareness around video is a net positive beyond body cameras, by the way. I think there's other ways that we would be able to and could potentially capture video aside from just an auxiliary camera. But I think we believe the real value there is in the processing of video, the dissemination and aggregation of it, the analytics of it, the sharing of it. Because it's a ton of information that's going to be piling into these command centers, and with first responders at the site, how do you move it between the two? How do you extract it? How do you provide decision support? How do you do evidence tagging? So I think we're burning more cycles. We have hardware solutions and we'll continue to do that, but we think the real value of body worn video or this preponderance and importance of video is in the software movement and analytics of it.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think in Q1, the growth primarily was device-driven, which I think reflects our commentary around narrow banding as purchasing kind of returns to more normalized states.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, from a capital structure standpoint, what I'd say is obviously, we've been very aggressive in returning capital. We've returned $3.1 billion over the last 11 months. Almost all of the proceeds from the Zebra transaction have been returned to shareholders. We did $2.1 billion just in the last two quarters. I like the fact that the share base has contracted 39% in just over three years. So I think we've been good stewards of capital, and we purchased $650 million back at $66-and-change. At today's levels, we absolutely see the stock is even more attractive today. So I think there'll be opportunities for us to pursue that moving forward. And we're in a net debt position, and we said we would move to that position. We're pleased that coming out of Q1, we're in it. So I think our balance sheet has a lot of flexibility that affords us options moving forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: So we did – just to remind you, we did $200 million – over $200 million of expense reduction last year, and we're run rating to $150 million to $175 million this year. While we clearly have a benefit from FX, the overwhelming majority of those reductions are non-FX. I'd say 75% roughly are reductions, 25% is being the beneficiary of FX. We're getting after the cost, and with the opportunity as a pure play company, we're restructuring, reconfiguring, eliminating bureaucracies and redundancies, and duplications and footprint, and I'm really proud of the team and we'll continue to move forward on that.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think it's fair to say, obviously, that's relatively small today. What's important, though, is customers, many would like to do business with one provider. So while there's a variety of different products, to the extent we, if we have the land mobile radio system and we can extend the relationship, the sales resources, the technical people into the command center, and do in hardware and/or software and potentially storage, it's a logical extension of what we do that I think generally will help our growth profile.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah, I mean, at the end of the day, we think this is a good thing. It's a favorable trend. Having a higher mix of multi-year services is good. Having annuity based revenue is good. Having a long-term relationship with the customer is good because we still, irrespective of the mix, which I think is what we just are formally acknowledging over time as a future trend, we think that's a very positive thing to enable and further cement the relationships we have with our customers domestically and internationally. Having said all that, we still think that we can, with a lower cost structure, improve operating leverage, and from an operating margin standpoint, maintain or increase the operating margins and cash generation that's associated with the profile of the business in aggregate.
Gregory Q. Brown: No. Just to clarify, as Gino said, Product margins are generally comparable. We expect them to remain comparable for the balance of the year. Gross margin pressures, Services-oriented, as expected, in Q1 and Q2, i.e., first half, i.e., largely driven by Norway and some large products. We expect the Services gross margin to increase in the second half and generally normalize in the mid 30s%.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. First quarter revenue was $1.2 billion, flat versus Q1 of 2014, up 3% in constant currency. Additionally, ending backlog was up $442 million or 8% versus last year, and up 1% versus Q4, inclusive of a $149 million unfavorable FX adjustment to backlog in Q1. GAAP operating earnings were $119 million. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $156 million or 12.8% of sales, a 250 basis point improvement from the year ago quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.40 per share compared to $0.33 in the first quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP EPS grew 36% year-over-year primarily driven by our cost-savings initiatives. For the remainder of the call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. Turning to the Product segment, Q1 sales were $758 million, up 1% versus the prior year and up 3% in constant-currency terms. Growth was driven by strong demand in North America for our P25 and PCR product lines. Q1 Product segment operating income was $90 million, up $38 million to 11.9% of sales versus the prior-year quarter, driven by our cost-reduction actions. Product segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.2 billion, up $132 million versus last year and up $43 million sequentially, reflecting the fourth consecutive quarter of increase. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by Asia Pac and the Middle East, while we also saw an increase in North America. As expected, we saw a decrease in Europe related to the continuing deployment of the Norway system. Turning to Services, Q1 Services revenue was $465 million, down 2% as expected. iDEN and integration services declined, while key growth areas of managed services and lifecycle support services were slightly up compared to last year. Excluding both iDEN and the impact of FX, our Services business grew 3%. Services operating income was $66 million, down $8 million to 14.2% of revenue, driven primarily by lower iDEN sales and a lower gross margin in integration services. As we stated in our Q4 call, we expect lower service gross margin in the first half of 2015. We continue to expect a return to the mid-30% gross margin range for the second half of the year. Services backlog is $4.6 billion, up $310 million or 7% versus last year, and flat sequentially despite a $145 million foreign exchange adjustment in Q1. Moving to operating expenses, total company operating expenses from continuing operations were $396 million, down $60 million or 13% from the year ago quarter, driven primarily by continued cost reduction activities, as well as some benefit due to pension expense and a stronger dollar. Our largest decline came in G&A, while we also drove reductions in sales and marketing and R&D. As of the end of Q1, we are on a run rate to deliver savings of $150 million to $ 175 million versus 2014. We are well positioned to deliver solid operating leverage as we move throughout the year. Other income and expense in Q1 was $37 million compared to $18 million in the year ago quarter. Our Q1 effective tax rate was 29%. We continue to expect full year 2015 effective tax rate to be approximately 33%. We also continue to expect our cash tax rate to remain at approximately 15% through 2019. Turning to cash flow. Cash flow from operations in the first quarter was $151 million, an increase of $139 million year-over-year. The improvement in cash generation was driven primarily by working capital improvements, specifically accounts receivable. We ended Q1 in a net debt position of $43 million. In Q1, we repurchased $653 million of stock at an average price of $66.12, while paying out $75 million in dividends. Now, turning to our outlook. We expect total company sales for Q2 to decline 3% to 5%, which includes approximately $45 million in year-over-year currency impact. This outlook also includes approximately $20 million in headwinds in the second quarter related to the temporary delay of the LA-RICS Public Safety LTE deployment. We expect non-GAAP EPS between $0.51 and $0.56. Factoring in Q1 results, our first half expectations remain unchanged. Moving to the full year, our revenue outlook remains unchanged. We continue to expect full year 2015 sales to be flat to down 2%, which translates to 1% to 3% growth in constant currency terms. We now expect full year non-GAAP EPS of $3.20 to $3.40 a share. I'll now turn it back to Greg.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Good morning, Tim. This is Gino. I'll start with the gross margin question specifically in Product. The impact of currency is really what we're seeing from a Product gross margin perspective. It's about 50 basis points on gross margin. Actually, it's a bit larger than that, offset by strong North America Product sales. And we continue to explore and work different options to minimize, certainly, the impact of FX, as we've done in OpEx. With respect to the backlog position, nothing's really changed in the aging. It is a little bit different expectation of the in-year orders versus backlog orders for the remainder of the year, but there is no change in aging – any appreciable change in the aging of backlog.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure, Rod. This is Gino. We'll start with Services. So the – as we talked about in the last call, Services gross margin, we expect to be pressured in the first half, returning to normal growth rates in the second half. And it's really a mix within integration services, not to integration services, the projects that are deploying in the first half of the year. And the question on how much of our Services number is integration services, about 40%, 45%.
Gino A. Bonanotte: I think the proportion will be very similar. It will be within that 40% to 45% range. Again, it's the mix within integration services, not to integration services.
Gino A. Bonanotte: We don't outlook backlog, but I will say that the backlog, Services backlog does include a large number of multi-year service agreements. So I would not expect that backlog to be peeling off in the second half of the year substantially.
Gino A. Bonanotte: I'm not going to comment on outlooking that backlog, but I will say there – you should not expect any major movement in the Services backlog down in the second half of the year.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure. So I'll start with the gross margin question, Tavis. Gross margin, it's really first half to second half, although we do expect to see a slight improvement in the second quarter over the first quarter. But it's largely a first half to second half improvement. With respect to operating expenses, the guidance is down $150 million to $175 million versus 2014 full year. The run rate comment was meant to articulate that we are currently at the run rate. Exiting Q1, we are on that run rate to deliver savings of $150 million to $175 million.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yes. First half is unchanged to our prior expectations. Q1 performed a little bit better, but the first half remains unchanged.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Well, I mean, we – it's indicative of the backlog position we're in. We've signed multiple multi-year agreements and Services backlog has been growing, so the comment just indicated that there will be a movement to Services. It'll make up more of our revenue, and the Services margin, although operating margin is very, very similar, Services margin is a little bit lower than our Product margin. That was the entire comment.
Mark Moon: Just to tag on to that, and then I'll speak to your question about Norway, Hudy. The other thing to point out on those three large deployments that Greg mentioned, quite honestly, even the smaller trials that we've got going, they're primarily infrastructure today. So when you think about future growth, you also got to think about they're clearly going to add devices, applications, additional services. So that's also why it was important for LA-RICS, although descoped, to get back started so that we can demonstrate the capabilities, and that will lead to some future growth of those kinds of items as we move forward. On Norway, clearly, the biggest burn-off, if you will, of the Norway revenue will happen in the second half, as we indicated earlier, then we'll see more of a reasonable trend. Obviously, that will put pressure on EA even for next year because we've had a strong first half in Norway this year. With that being said, though, just like this first quarter, we had growth in constant currency terms. So EA still continues to perform strong. We are eating out of backlog as we expected to be, but really because of Norway. We're still working on a number of large deals. Our funnel and customer activity is still pretty healthy. So I do see, as we go into 2016 and beyond, we will backfill behind Norway and begin to move back towards growth.
Mark Moon: So, Simona, this is Mark Moon. So when we think about North America, Greg talked about we were pleased with Q4 and Q1. By the way, coming out of that, our backlog position is better. A big piece of that backlog position improvement is in multi-year services, which is also good for future upgrades in what we do, but our Product backlog is also up, and the backlog aged in the year is actually stronger than it was at this point last year. So we're seeing the improvement that we thought we would see in North America. When you look at North America in general, overall, state and local spend and revenues are up. IT spend is up. Federal seems to be returning to a little bit more normal predictability for us. We were up slightly last year. As I talked to you about in the last call, while we were down slightly in first quarter, we still have got some good orders and we're building backlog, and we think we'll have modest growth for the full year. So we have good visibility, good activity throughout North America. I mean, we are encouraged by the activity we're seeing from customers in North America.
Mark Moon: This is Mark, Dominic. We really are not. I mean, so far as we look at the piece, we've made some slight price adjustments in certain places. But in general, we're not seeing any competitive disadvantages. Certainly, the economic pressures in Latin America are putting tension on price power for them to purchase. But as far as competitive pressures on pricing, we're not really seeing any.
Mark Moon: And then I think just to tag on just one quick second, what we have said, and Greg just said, is product profile really unchanged, but we expect our Services business to grow faster than our Product business in general. And so that would lead to this longer term trend. It's not necessarily something you're going to see in the next two quarters, three quarters or four quarters, but over time, that would be the case.
Bob Schassler: Yeah, this is Bob Schassler. We implemented our Real Time Crime Center in St. Louis, which, as we've talked about in the past, it's about a $5 billion SAM for us, and we've got probably about 12 new deals that we've actually signed in the first quarter. And the reception by customers really continues to be positive. As Greg talked a little bit about, the video analytics, body worn cameras is really part of that overall solution.
Bob Schassler: That's right. It's really our overall Smart Public Safety solutions, so storage, video analytics, our PublicEngines acquisition is part of that, data analytics as well.
Bob Schassler: The only other comment I'd have is that these are really software-based solutions recurring revenue models, so they go on for five years to ten years, and it's really part of our overall Public Safety LTE solution combined with our Smart Public Safety Solutions, as we've said, are very complementary to one another.
