Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook. First, Q1 was an excellent quarter. We achieved Q1 records for sales, operating earnings, and cash flow. We expanded operating margins by 220 basis points and ended the quarter with backlog of $11.3 billion up 8% versus last year. Additionally demand remains strong resulting in orders that were higher than any other first quarter in our history. Second, our Software and Services segment had another outstanding quarter and continues to drive revenue growth and operating margin expansion. Sales for the quarter were up 15% driven by growth across our LMR, video security, and command center software technologies and this segment also finished with operating margins up 310 basis points versus last year. And finally, based on the increased demand we're seeing across our business and our strong backlog position, we're raising our full year guidance for both sales and earnings per share for the full year. I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Greg Brown: Jason, thanks, and now I'd like to end with a few thoughts on the business. First, our results for the quarter were outstanding. We achieved Q1 record sales, orders, operating earnings, and cash flow expanded both gross and operating margins, achieved double-digit growth in video security, command center software and LMR services and our PCR business returned to growth. Additionally, we exited the quarter with a record Q1 backlog and continued strong demand that we expect will drive growth for the remainder of the year inclusive of the supply challenges that we have. We also announced today that the Board approved a $2 billion increase to our share repurchase program. The second thing I would say is demand in our video security business is really strong and we now expect full year growth to be 20% plus up from the high teens we referenced on our last call. In fixed video, which makes up approximately 70% of the total video security revenue. Our investments in AI analytics, cloud services, access control and NDAA-compliant manufacturing is differentiating us from our competitors and driving growth faster than the overall market. And in mobile video, the call for more transparency is driving growth for our purpose-built body-worn and in-car camera solutions and we're gaining share in a market that has predominantly been served by one vendor. During the quarter, we had several large body-worn camera wins both in the US and internationally. Just this morning, we announced a $17.5 million contract to provide about 30,000 body-worn cameras to the French Ministry of Interior. Additionally, during the quarter, we announced two new offerings. The integration of our V3100 body-worn camera with our APX P25 radios, which allow us to leverage our market leading LMR installed base and our $49 per month body-worn camera as a service offering, which offers every police agency in the US with affordable access to a video solution that's fully integrated with our command central software suite. And finally, I'm very pleased with our progress in leveraging our leading installed base in LMR to expand in the command center software, video security, and LMR services. Today, almost half our revenue is generated from these higher-growth areas up from 20% five years ago and our addressable market has tripled over that same period of time. And while we've made significant progress, I absolutely believe we still have a long runway ahead as we continue to deploy capital both organically and inorganically in these areas to drive revenue, margin, and cash flow for the company. And, with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and look forward to your questions.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. I'm pleased with the video security business in total. Both fixed video and mobile. I think Molloy and Kedzierski and the entire team has done a great job on investing in additional go-to-market, refreshing the product portfolio both in fixed video, body-worn camera, and mobile video. As I mentioned, also I think the secret sauce for us is to not just have great products in video, but also the integration and orchestration of that with the installed base that we have with thousands of LMR and PCR networks around the world. I'm thrilled with the progress in body-worn camera, both domestically and internationally. We had the big announcement this morning with the French Ministry of Interior. But we're taking share. We're clearly I think we've been doing that since late last year, the second half of 2020, and it's pretty clear as well that we're taking share and we took share in Q1 and Jack may want to talk about the progress in public safety as well which I'm pleased with.
Greg Brown: And, Tim, just on software, which is your last part of your question on what -- how that plays into it. This past quarter, you may have seen we announced our CC command central evidence platform, which is our new Azure-based cloud platform, which works seamlessly with all of our body-worn video to help manage the body-worn video and in-car video that comes in and that's important because it doesn't just work with our body-worn video, it also works seamlessly with the whole command center software suite that we have, evidence being managing the body-worn video, but it integrates seamlessly with the entirety of our records platform as well. So they all play together and work well together and we're making the investments across the board as Jack referenced on body-worn and of course also on the software that handles at the back end.
Greg Brown: No, Adam, look I think the environment is very healthy and the demand is very strong. I think that's indicated by the record Q1 that I outlined in a number of categories and the robustness and the strength of the backlog that we're exiting Q1 as well. Now having said that, right, if you look at first half, second half growth, obviously first half growth for us this year is very high. It's a bit distorted for us and other companies, given the Q2 pronounced COVID effect, but nonetheless, I'm very happy with what we did in Q1. I'm pleased with how we're guiding Q2 and I remind you, Adam, also 90 million of FX favorability is in the first half. It's more like 38 million to 40 million in the second half, but also as it relates to supply, we're still operating under the current environment, which is generally comparable to what it was when we talk to you a quarter ago. Although, I would point out, while it remains challenging, the team did a nice job working with some key suppliers pulling forward key components to execute and print Q1. They're also doing it again, which is informing and driving a very healthy guide in Q2. So while the supply environment remains challenging, we will look to continue on those improvements in the back half, but at this point in time, and given the fact that the pandemic is still there, which I thought it was a prudent guide.
Greg Brown: Yes, Meta. So as we look kind of at the full year and from a margin perspective for the company, from a gross margin standpoint. I think they will be comparable maybe slightly up and that includes probably the gross margin profile for the segments as well products as well as software and services. If you take operating margins, we're now anticipating operating margin expansion in software and services to be up about 140 basis points. That's an increase from what we've talked about a quarter ago by 40 basis points and we expect product segment operating margins to grow as well more commensurate with volume. In terms of the demand environment, I think, it's partially pent-up demand. I think things are reopening as the pandemic depending upon the geography relieves itself and the economy starts to get back into a strong rhythm of expansion. From a stimulus standpoint, there is a lot of money available to our customers, particularly on the public safety side both around the CARES Act, which was already in place for 2020 and continues on through 2021 as well as the American Rescue Plan, which is new available money in the Biden $1.9 trillion Plan. There is $350 billion for state and local funding. There is a $170 billion for school funding. There is $38 billion for airports and transit. There is a lot of money. The other important thing is that these funds are available for about the next 3 years to 3.5 years. So our customers will have available grant money, the environments remaining strong and gets stronger in public safety. The PCR business on the enterprise side grew at 8% in Q1 and we are reaffirming its growth all in for this year. So I like the position we're in and I like the signals we're seeing.
Greg Brown: And, Louie, the other key around that is in addition to what Jack said, think automation, think analytics, think integration. So as the Motorola Solutions Critical Infrastructure on fixed video, mobile video, land mobile radio, perimeter detection, backpack, delinquent student, inappropriate trucking on a parking lot. All of that would be automated. As Jack said not only sends an alert to the radio, but also can automatically alert in command central aware, a 911 dispatch operator as well. So we're leveraging the installed base capitalizing on the new fixed video architecture targeting safe schools and integrating and automating all of the technology we have to differentiate in an offering that we don't think anyone else can provide.
Greg Brown: Yes, and our CTO Mahesh who came with us to -- from us to the -- from the acquisition of Avigilon to Motorola has been critical in the orchestration software work and integration work to make all these technologies seamlessly work together.
Greg Brown: Right. And with Evolve that gives us another investment around access control. We were in investor earlier probably a year or two ago with Evolve. We're committed to make a future investments. It's a little bit more consequential. And so when you think about critical infrastructure locations like schools or stadiums or airports or hospitals Evolve and that partnership around weapons detection is another interesting component to integrate into the suite as we develop our product portfolio and think about a differentiated operating going forward.
Greg Brown: We are confirming it for the full year, Paul. I mentioned that it grew 8% in Q1. We didn't give a specific number, but it wouldn't surprise me if the full year growth is generally commensurate with that kind of number, but I like the signals that are coming back from that business.
Greg Brown: Well, critical mass, Paul is certainly a benefit as we get greater density and it's kind of a nucleus for a flywheel of growth. We did raise our outlook today on the video security technologies all into 20% plus growth for fiscal 2021 up from high teens. I wouldn't necessarily extrapolate into 2022 necessarily. It's a little too early for that, but the markers are good. The momentum is good. The product portfolio is getting refreshed and the investments that are being made and we're taking share. We're taking share both in the fixed video component. We're taking share in the body-worn camera component. And I also believe that access control and the integration of access control with video security is also a nice opportunity for us as it relates to the individual enterprise verticals that are recovering from PCR perspective maybe Jack can provide a little bit on that front.
Greg Brown: And just thread the two points on growth. Last year's video business for us in total was $926 million, that's the business that we're talking about growing at 20% plus in this year of '21. Jack's comments earlier were about the 300 million of that, that's anticipated this year to be from specifically government, and that's a part of the business that was very nascent just three or four years ago and was part of our thesis in penetrating the Avigilon portfolio into our legacy accounts and we're doing that.
Greg Brown: Well, I would just say this, it is probably too early to predict on that front, but through Q1 and actually quarter-to-date from an orders and bookings standpoint, the trend is very good. Now I'm not going to declare an endpoint of when we return to that level, but I would simply say it's certainly ahead of the expectations that we had a quarter ago when we had the full-year view. And I'd also say, even though we're operating in a supply constrained environment, our channel partners have done a good job, managing this and handling and balancing the inventory levels that they hold to satisfy their customers, but the signals are strong, certainly stronger, I thought they would be good for PCR as you heard me say I thought PCR would return to growth in 2021. We're off to a very good start, orders are strong, and they're probably ahead of my expectations of where we are as we sit here in May, but we'll update you again in August, but it's very good.
Greg Brown: Yes, we have. It's a really good question. We've seen the team -- kind of a -- in a joking way, but you give salespeople and pass the money good salespeople and they go find it and we've had discussions already public safety engagements right away for the state and local funding we've been engaged with schools, but also airports and transits when they've had a little bit of downtime, they're doing some planning as well. Now that they know they've got funding available.
Greg Brown: I would say the sales cycle here as we sit in 2021, I would caveat it, in North America, it's largely return to normal, both in terms of government and in terms of our PCR business, which is focused in the enterprise. Europe has been very slow. Borders are still slow down. A lot of it's virtual. Parts of Asia return back to normal and COVID is running through Latin American and things and engagements very slow there, but in North America things have returned very much close to normal.
Greg Brown: Yes, Fahad. Yes, there was an impact and a constraint on Q1's results from a supply chain standpoint. It's a very small number of suppliers currently. It's primarily LMR. As I mentioned earlier. And while the environment is for the most part unchanged. It has incrementally improved in working with these suppliers to get some additional units for Q1, although we had demand that was stronger than what we could supply in Q1 and we have the supply chain team here is also made some good improvements for Q2 as well.
Greg Brown: Definitely. Our full year eight to nine guide absolutely incorporates the current supply constraints. Without them, it would be higher, but again I think we'd have a stronger second half in an unconstrained environment, but we're working through it. We made improvements in Q1. We are making improvements in Q2, which in part informs the 19% to 20% strength of guide and there is work for us to do in Q3 and Q4 and we'll update you again in August.
Greg Brown: Well, you're right, and I know you asked an international question, but in the National Defense Authorization Act, both those companies are named by name about not having any fixed video deployments and government agencies are and certainly also not being eligible for any federal grant money. It's also Fahad important to remind everybody. We are clear-eyed about the opportunity in the addressable market here which we characterize is about 15 billion or 16 billion and that's zeroing out China, zero. We expect zero fixed video sales in China. I know that Hikvision and Dahua will continue to be the indigenous providers in country. But I think with the NDAA-compliance and the concern around those two vendors in critical security implementations that clearly has a favorable impact as well in other parts of Europe and Western democracies. So I think it's a tailwind.
Greg Brown: No. No perspective on that yet, Ben, but again you know how we printed Q1 and I referenced a whole litany of different records we've had and that's fine, right, but I don't really care about that in terms of what needs to be done today and tomorrow. It's important in that its foundational and its momentum and this is some of the strongest momentum I've seen in a long time. We have to deliver, we got to execute, we have to navigate supply challenges. There is always a lot to do, but I'm really proud of everybody here on the team. Everybody knows their role. There is no confusion about what we're trying to do and between the deployment of capital organically and inorganically and there remains some interesting inorganic opportunities. It's all about driving sustained shareholder value creation. And I don't mean to sound corny, but I think generally we've been good stewards of capital. We have the expansion to the share repurchase program although that doesn't -- that's we did that because the previous program was running out, but the capital allocation framework that we think about 50% for acquisitions and share repurchase and 30% for dividend and 20% for CapEx in a normalized balance sheet continues. So stay tuned for the opportunities in front, but we're looking to, and by the way, it's not just about 2021. I want to make sure that we continue this momentum in 2022 and beyond. So lots more work to do, but I like the cards we have.
Greg Brown: So it's a handful of, first of all, the category is semiconductor. As a general category I'm sure that's not a surprise to you, Sami. It's about three or four vendors really that we're working with. We are doing detailed planning with them by week and by months. We regularly weekly go through the allocation necessary for us to meet demand as we balance what to fulfill and what not to. Again it's primarily LMR and I'm engaged with all of those vendors and I have to say they're responding pretty well. I don't want to get over our skis, but they were pretty good in Q1, helping us pull forward some incremental units, and they've been helpful, particularly one supplier that comes to mind. I won't name, but they've been great and the CEO has been an excellent partner and he has been accessible and I call him on his cell phone and he calls me and we talk regularly. He has been excellent and his team is really good and they're helping us through Q2 as well. And we know what work needs to be done in the back half, but at the end of the day, we just want to be prudent about the full year guide and while there is so many strong signals. We'll go a quarter as we go and we'll update you again in August.
Greg Brown: So if you think about the three technology groups that we report is a subline item. I first of all say given that it's not only state and local funding, but there's educational funding and airports and transits. I would dimensionalize fixed video is likely the biggest beneficiary of the American Rescue Plan. Follow quickly by command center software and then LMR upgrades as well as services, it will be addressed and attached to namely the state and local budget line. So, Jim, those will be the primary beneficiaries. And I would say there are 1A with the secondary groups is being 1B command center software and LMR and services.
Jack Molloy: Sure. Yes. Just maybe one point to follow on top of Greg's. First of all, as it relates to body-worn. If you look at the data that was just released by our competitor Exxon and ourselves. They grew their shipment 16% in Q1 that 7,000 units in an absolute perspective whereby we grew body-worn shipments a 104%, which is 11,500 units. So I think that's indicative of the share we've taken. The second thing, Tim, I think you talked about in general our video business into government and if you remember that was a largely nascent business for us just a few years ago, will eclipse $300 million to start there, and I think that really plays on as Greg said both strength in fixed and mobile. And I think we stand at the intersection of two really important things, transparency and government efficiency. The last thing I'd close with is the American Rescue Plan puts us in play for multi-year tailwinds as it relates to incremental public safety spend, spend around education, we're fixing schools with both video security and access control as well. So, I feel good as Greg said just to reiterate a few of those points and add a little deeper, but feel good all-in on government.
Jack Molloy: Sure. Louie, hi, it's Jack. The education vertical, it's interesting, because Greg just talked about the American Rescue Plan. There is $170 billion directed to school funding that runs through September 23. So we've really got a duality of opportunities with education. The biggest opportunity we have with education is in our fixed video, security, and access control business. Simply put, it's been one of our highest growing verticals in that business. We not only have a regional sales team, but we have a group of business development vertical specialists that focus and work out with schools on directing funding in those kind of things. So we're really pleased there, but we also work and do -- we have a safety reimagine campaign going on that actually pulls together fixed video security and PCR and that message resonates very well. So think about you get an intrusion on a door access control, sends a signal to a PCR radio whereby every teacher might have one and the level of security that enhances that schools has been impressive. And I think resonates with our customers. So we're really excited actually in my career here this is probably the best opportunity set we've had in education.
Jack Molloy: Yes. So internationally those markets have still been slow to rebound. We have seen, I would say, very measured and slight improvements in oil and gas earlier this year really even in Q4 last year, we started to see some recovery. Hospitality in general is still slow. I would say in the Southeast and through the Southwest, it's a little better, but it's still been slow, we think those things will improve in Q2 into Q3.
Jack Molloy: And the only other thing, Jason, I'd piggyback on that is also we've talked about our distance learning. We talked about monies that have been available for broadband investments and schools are investing in distance learning. We've talked about four big school districts last year. We've replicated that in Q1 and there continue to be a drumbeat of interest and a lot of those upgrades happen during the summer months. So we're actually very excited about our private LTE, Nitro solution as well.
Jack Molloy: Yes, Ben, so let's start with this. We have a selling process that looks at every technology we make, every government agency or every enterprise decision makers that we have, and we do it really a three-dimensional view in any account. We are continually talking about not only our core technologies, but our emerging technologies with those customers. So in the mind of a customer, you first of all have to identify a need. The second thing is really how do you fund it. So you asked a question. What is the ARP plan done? It's alleviated a lot of concerns around visibility to money. And so in that sense in some ways it's never easy to make a sale, but in a lot of ways it clears up one of the biggest obstacles to sale, the great news is albeit that there is some of the deadlines on this funding, go all the way out to 2024. The reality is that there is no reason, there is no prohibition to spend that money earlier. So our sales team obviously has had many, many years at this with funding and we can provide different incentives et cetera to get customers to move faster if that may be the case, but just knowing they have visibility to that money I think provides a very good environment for us.
Jason Winkler: One thing I'd add on the input costs. We're not seeing measurable increases on inputs. The one area where we've had to navigate is higher freight costs and moving things to the ocean off of what had been freight, air freight, which are very high. So that's leading to slightly higher inventory for the time being, but we'll navigate through those but as Greg said more opportunities there.
Jason Winkler: Yes. So for fixed video, the growth drivers really fundamentally been through the first part of this year is North America. We talked about North America, go-to-market coverage, that's paid big dividends. I would also tell you internationally every theater grew. We've done a really nice job in growing international key accounts, that's also a growth driver, and we start to think about from a technology standpoint, it's really been driven by a strength in analytics refresh, camera refreshes and I'd have to hit it again, but the government vertical as well as education continue to be a benefit not only Avigilon, but also the Pelco acquisition, which have helped us in the federal government's leave as well.
Jason Winkler: The other encouraging sign is that we saw a good product launch in Ion and a good reception from that very important part of the portfolio that was released recently and seeing good take rates.
Jason Winkler: It is. Greg I think you said it well and I would just say within Europe I think there is a great deal of skepticism. Around Hikvision and Dahua right now I would say that also travels into the Middle East and into Australia, we've got significant opportunities and to answer your question directly, we've displaced Dahua and Hikvision on gaming opportunities in the Middle East. IndigoVision, we acquired IndigoVision, if you remember last year, they were the inverse of what we did in Pelco as well where they have better international footprint. We've brought that footprint into our fixed video business and we've been really, really pleased with work they've done to get us in the Middle East, certain parts of Europe, but we had some softness with Avigilon. So again I think international is a market that's going to ramp well for us.
