Gregory Q. Brown: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Thanks, Shep. This morning, we reported first quarter sales of $2 billion, an increase of 1% over last year. Sales in Government increased 3% while Enterprise sales declined 4%. On a GAAP basis, net earnings from continuing operations were $0.68 per share compared to $0.50 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.66 per share compared to $0.59 per share in Q1 of last year, a 12% increase. For the remainder of this call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Now as I think about our performance with respect to the quarter, I have 3 key takeaways I'd like to share with you on the business. First, execution on our business model remains solid with double-digit earnings per share growth, driven by disciplined cost management and our return of capital to shareholders. Second, coming off a record year in 2012, we still had continued growth in Government with improved profitability in the segment as well, and North America was strong. In fact, growth in every region was good except Asia, where we did not perform up to our expectations. And third, in Enterprise, revenue was softer than we anticipated and declined due to several factors. First, the WLAN business declined 30%, where we're simply not executing well. Second, our iDEN business declined over $30 million in the quarter. And third, our rugged mobile computing business continues to be impacted by some macro uncertainty and a pending operating system transition. In this environment, a number of customers delayed purchase decisions in the quarter. Now that said, we believe improvement in the Enterprise business will be second-half driven for several reasons. First beginning in Q3, the run rate comps get more favorable from last year, which includes foreign currency exchange favorability of approximately $30 million at current levels. Second, iDEN becomes less of a drag for the second half as about $60 million of our now $80 million expected full year decline will be in the first half the year. And third and finally, meaningful customer engagements and the introduction of several new products should also drive second-half improvement. In light of the slower recovery in Enterprise, we now expect full year sales growth for the total company of approximately 3% to 4%. This includes expectations for Government growth continuing at low- to mid-single digits and Enterprise growth of low- to mid-single digits reflecting market softness anticipated in the first half. We remain confident in the fundamental drivers of our business and our ability to drive improved operating earnings. I'll now turn the call over to Ed to provide additional details on the quarter. And then I'll return to discuss the quarter in more detail.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, on the full year outlook, Tavis, obviously we spent a lot of time on it. We believe primarily as the Government business continues to moderate, I think pretty solidly and still grow off of record comps the previous year. That's also why we think when we guide Q2 to flat to slightly down, we're flat to down 2%. That's also embedded in that with a record 14% quarter than the previous period for Government. At the end of the day, it primarily comes down to Enterprise. We think we're taking a pretty prudent approach. The full year guidance still does expect, as you asked specifically, some top line growth. That's expected for the second half and for the full year. Now that said, I'll tell you, I'd like to think it's in the DNA of this management team to continually manage costs pretty aggressively, which is why we're reiterating our commitment to operating leverage and still targeting approximately an 18% operating margin for the full year this year, irrespective of what the top line growth is.
Gregory Q. Brown: And, Jim, just to accentuate, we think it's organic investments. So when you kind of inventory the main items for the Asia recovery plan, it's leadership, marketing, channel management, sales coverage. Which basically represent organic investment and a reprioritization of capital deployment that we have every intention of making.
Gregory Q. Brown: So, Jim, I think that there's a few factors. I think it's primarily macroeconomic driven, which has resulted in customers deferring some purchases. Now Q1 was challenging on the Enterprise side, and it actually got a little bit more challenging toward the latter half of March. I also reference though, in my earlier comments, there is this uncertainty around operating system transition. Remember the mobile computing environment, which is the bulk of our Enterprise business, is virtually a 100% Microsoft installed base. Customers with Windows CE, customers with Windows-embedded handheld, they want a roadmap on how they transition from their OS environment to the new Microsoft environment. And that's work that we're still working with Microsoft on. I was on a call recently -- yesterday with the development teams and Steve Ballmer and myself, and we're working on a few client opportunities to ensure and target getting a new Microsoft release product piloted by the end of the year. So that's also a component. Now having said all that, remember our wireless LAN business declined over 30%. That's not market driven. That's a failure to execute on our part. And we are transition -- we've transitioned from moving from a product sale to a managed services sale on WLAN, and we're not doing a good enough job. And the next few months will be critical for us to get more traction and grow that business of opportunity. And then lastly, Jim, the iDEN business was down pretty sharply in Q1. Most of it was anticipated, but quite frankly, iDEN was down even more than we thought. It was a $32 million year-over-year decline. And for the full year, we now expect iDEN to be about $185 million full year in '13 coming off of $265 million the previous year. So actually the overall decline in iDEN is a little bit more pronounced than we originally thought.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. I mean we've clearly demonstrated our commitment to capital return to the shareholder, now approaching $4 billion. You've seen the levels we've purchased back, at what prices. By the way, at the end of the day, all in, we feel very good about the value created with that whole process. And we will continue to be opportunistic going forward to maximize shareholder return.
Gregory Q. Brown: Okay, so on the Microsoft side or the operating system side, obviously we ship both. We do Microsoft and Android. I've described already the conversations with Microsoft at the highest levels of the company to ensure a roadmap for our installed base customers of Microsoft. Now 2 of our newest products, the MC40 and the ET1 tablet, now WAN enabled, are both Android. It's also worth noting that what we do is we, Motorola, take off-the-shelf Android and then with our development team under Girish Rishi, put specific enterprise features around that, on device management, security, encryption and the like. And we will continue to do that. So I think that you'll see us continue to ship more Android product, of course, in 2013 and '14, and have more than a couple of products on Android. We will work with Microsoft to transition the legacy installed base. And also we probably have a few dozen customers that have invested in RhoMobile, which was the tuck-in acquisition we did. And again, that whole reason is kind of an insurance policy that lets a customer install RhoMobile software, which is operating system agnostic and provides an application framework that they can run -- write once and run many, irrespective on the OS underlying the specific device. On the consumerization, if you will, as some people like to call it, as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, there are a couple of positive signs where customers have looked to deploy either an Android device or an Apple iOS device. And for a variety of reasons, have come back to us, whether it's durability, whether it's overall post-sale support on application refresh or break fix or inventory management or helpdesk support. Having an enterprise device is different than trying to just take a consumer device and slap it into an enterprise framework. We are cautiously optimistic that the MC40, as well as the overall feature and service capabilities that we bring to the table, could mitigate some of the front-facing store operations on the terms of the consumerization or use of a consumer-grade device. It's still in transition. I don't know if Mark wants to add anything to that. But I think generally we're well positioned, and stay tuned.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, that's an important point. Remember, as you look at our rugged mobile computing business, it's typically blue collar, concrete, warehouse, purpose built. The front-facing store fight between our MC40 or a consumer-grade device, we look at more as opportunistic than a cannibalization or a core threat to the heart and soul of what we do on rugged devices.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think, Simona, at the moment, I would characterize the consideration for Android as more front-facing customer store. So -- and we're also refreshing the MC67, MC9500 and some traditional products. Now it all depends ultimately on the speed and pace of development of the new OS by Microsoft. But I'd characterize it more around customer facing. Mark, I don't know what you think.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, again, so characterize it more as customer-front facing. And we're already shipping product with the MC40 with Android and specific enterprise features around that. Simona, yes, we will wait for Microsoft to give us a release of the successor to Windows-embedded handheld. And then we will take it, and test it, and certify it along with the necessary wireless carriers here in the States like Verizon and AT&T. So yes, but we're working -- the 2 development teams are working pretty closely on the architecture of the system, the chipset design, the timing of different releases. But yes, we are working with and primarily waiting on. But it is a very iterative discussion again that I referenced we had as late as yesterday and we'll continue to have over the next few months.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, the thing I would add, Keith, is that we will stay close to the core on services. So we're not going to stray too far on things that are not core to our business. So I point you back to a great opportunity that we capitalized in Norway, where we're operating under the services banner a multiyear TETRA network. I just returned from Australia last week. Australia is arguably probably the best managed services theater that we have in the world, both on MMR, LAN mobile radio, as well as a mobile data network. And there's other opportunities there as well. And then lastly, the other opportunity is both on Government and our rugged mobile computing I would characterize around life cycle managed services. So if some customers may opt to not buy mobile computing devices, but in turn have us do it, have us do the technology refresh, have us price a managed services engagement that allow us to manage the device portfolio and provide them a cost per user or a monthly charge, we'll do that. So things around public safety, Public Safety LTE and the rugged mobile computing space, represent very good service opportunities that are adjacent to our core and that can be used to capitalize on our domain expertise.
Gregory Q. Brown: So, Kulbinder, couple of things. On rugged mobile computing, you're right. It's been sluggish for a few quarters. As we articulated, we expect a thoughtful second half return for the reasons we've described. That said, it also really was very, very strong for probably 6 to 8 quarters prior to this latest downturn. So it's a great core business for us, but it does have more cyclicality and swings that are more susceptible than macroeconomic than the steady, stable, more predictable Government business where we have a stronger position. And quite frankly, we're between the age of the infrastructure narrowbanding, the global move from analog to digital and a whole host of other reasons, while that business is more stable. We still believe and I still believe that in the core of our Enterprise business, this downturn is more cyclical than structural. Now we'll always be mindful and be careful not to drink our own Kool-Aid and continually re-examine the different drivers of the business, but I still think it's more cyclical. WLAN, to your point, is different. That's a business -- that's an overall market that's north -- that addressable market's north of $4 billion or $4.5 billion. We have consistently lost share in WLAN, and we just haven't executed that well. Now it is a little bit more embryonic in terms of our strategic change from product to managed services, but we've got to do a better job. So I distinguished when we talk about "the Enterprise business," I distinguish WLAN from rugged mobile computing and data capture. In rugged mobile computing and data capture, we're #1 worldwide. We've talked about the design expertise, the installed base, leading market share, a new product portfolio. WLAN is different. And we've got to turn that corner relatively soon, and we're going to keep a close watch on that business over the next few months. Having said all that, we will continue to manage the cost structure appropriately. We're committed, irrespective of revenue levels, to get at the 18% operating margin that I think the business can yield from an operating leverage standpoint. And going forward, we will always look to expand that, as well as operating earnings and operating margin expansion.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think it can be a double-digit operating margin business. What gets us back to that is return to growth at the top line, the traction and acceptance of new products; for us to take the expanded funnel that Mark described and convert it to sales; for us to capitalize in Asia, as an example; the improvement of channel management and sales coverage in certain theaters there; and the continued discipline around cost structure. So I think we can do that. By the way, just even though this isn't specific, you were talking more about Enterprise, I do want to just mention Government and Public Safety LTE that Mark referenced earlier. We had talked about Public Safety LTE being no more than $100 million primarily in the second half of this year in '13. And as we revised our total outlook for the year of 3% to 4% revenue growth, we've gone through what we think that yields on the Enterprise side. We think that LTE overall is probably now no more than $50 million for the full year, largely in the second half, driven by taking a little bit longer to close some international sales and the continued elongated process with FirstNet here in the States. And I just want to make sure I communicated that all to you in a very open and transparent way.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Q1 sales grew 1%, lower than our expectations, as we experienced mixed top line results. Our Government business performed very well, with the exception of Asia. And as Greg stated, the recovery in our core Enterprise business is now expected to occur in the second half of the year. In Government, we continued to see steady growth. First quarter sales totaled $1.3 billion, an increase of 3% over the prior year quarter. Operating margins in the Government segment improved 200 basis points from 14.1% to 16.1%. Solid sales growth and continued cost efficiency drove the operating margin improvements in this business. Enterprise business revenues decreased 4% to $627 million in Q1. Excluding the impact of Psion and iDEN, Q1 revenues declined 8%. This compares to a 10% decline in each of Q3 and Q4 of 2012. Operating margins in the Enterprise business declined from 16.2% to 9.7%. This decline was primarily driven by lower Enterprise product sales volume, the addition of Psion sales and lower iDEN sales. Operating expenses were $683 million or 34.6% of revenue, which represents a 60-basis-point improvement from the year-ago quarter. This includes the addition of Psion and lower pension expenses versus last year. We remain focused on ensuring our cost structure is aligned to the business needs, and we'll continue to monitor and adjust our spending based on the macro environment. Our operating earnings for the first quarter were $278 million or 14.1% of sales compared to $290 million or 14.8% in Q1 2012. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $11 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $3 million in Q1 2012. This amount was higher year-over-year but lower than expected, primarily due to gains on investments. We still expect this line item to be a net expense of approximately $30 million per quarter based on higher interest expense going forward. I'll now move on to taxes. Our effective tax rate was 30% for the quarter. This amount was lower than expected due to certain discrete items and a change in amounts that are now deemed to be permanently reinvested overseas. Given these items, we now expect an ongoing tax rate of between 32% and 33% versus our previous outlook of 34%. Cash used by operating activities in the first quarter of 2013 was $31 million as compared to $69 million of cash generated by operating activities in the first quarter of 2012. The lower-than-expected cash flow results were negatively impacted primarily by the timing of long-term contract milestone billings. Q1 was also adversely impacted by a little more than $40 million that we were required to post related to a foreign tax deposit. We expect this amount will be refunded during 2013. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in cash and investments and $2.5 billion in debt. During the quarter, we executed a $600 million bond offering at a 3.5% coupon rate as part of our long-term capital allocation plan. With respect to capital return, we repurchased $357 million of stock or 5.9 million shares at an average price of $60.27 per share in the quarter. Since we began repurchasing shares in Q3 of 2011, we bought back $3.9 billion or 82 million shares at an average price of $47.56. We have $1.1 billion remaining under our current authorization. In addition, we paid $72 million in dividends during the quarter. Now turning to our Q2 and full year outlook. For Q2, we expect sales to be flat to down 2% compared to the second quarter of 2012. This factors in a flat to slightly down Government business given the very robust 14% growth a year ago and flat Enterprise sales. Our Q2 outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.66 to $0.71 from continuing operations based on the Q1 ending share count. This compared to non-GAAP EPS in Q2 2012 of $0.70 per share. This outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.13 per share and other items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases. Moving to full year 2013. Our outlook is now for sales growth of 3% to 4%, which factors in a softer first half for Enterprise than we initially expected. We remain committed to driving operating leverage and continue to plan for full year operating margins of approximately 18%. I'll now turn it over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So, Tavis, but as you know as we've talked about, we need top line growth to drive leverage and to improve operating margins. We are assuming that top line 3% to 4%, but we do think that 18% is achievable based upon our view of spending. There was some level of investment assumed in our prior guidance that we have now pulled back on, and that's why we do believe we can get that 18%. And as Greg said, it's in the DNA of the organization that everyone knows what they need to do. If the top line's softer, we don't make the investments that we had planned to make. So that's all factored into what we guided here.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Sure. So just high level, we're obviously very pleased with the progress we've made with the program, the share repurchase program thus far. Got a little over 20% of our share base being reduced since the inception of the program, 82 million shares, $3.9 billion, an average price of $47.56. This quarter, we did another $357 million at an average price of $60.27, bringing our ending share count at the end of the quarter to 272 million shares. We have about $1.1 billion remaining in the program as of the end of the quarter. And I'd say, kind of our thought process going forward, Greg can add to it, is we'll maintain a flexibility to be opportunistic in the execution of repurchases as we've done in the past. So you should expect that same mantra going forward.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So on the FX front, if you recall last year, Q3 in particular was the big dip and for us the biggest euro -- the biggest impact on FX is the euro. So when declined last year fairly significantly, it caused effectively, I think it was a $40-million-or-thereabouts decline in sales in Q3 that we talked about. At rates where they are today with the euro at about $1.3, that causes for the second half of the year, in fact a lot of it in Q3, a $30-million improvement in Q3 and a little bit more for the full year. So that's the way we're thinking. Our guidance is factoring in current rates, assuming they stay where they are. And that's the impact that Greg talked about on the call.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes, so -- and just also a few more things on the margin side. Really, you said it right. It's really volume. As the volumes go down at the gross margin level of this business, it hurts the operating margin. So volume is probably the biggest contributor to the operating margin decline. The gross margin decline we've talked about, really the mix of Psion and iDEN, as well as a few -- a shift between product and services mix, which brought the gross margins down for the full year. As Greg said, I'd say in the aggregate as well, our view is that we should be driving operating margin improvement. As we get to a full year view of low- to mid-single digit growth in the Enterprise business, we should see operating margin expansion as you look at the firm with the mix of iDEN going down. That may be a bit more challenging in the aggregate, but if you exclude that piece of it, for sure we're going to be driving operating margin improvement.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And on the tax piece our -- we've guided previously to 34%. We had a 30% effective tax rate this quarter. About 2.5% of that was related to the discrete items that I had mentioned related to international and certain U.S. tax adjustments. Those aren't necessarily recurring. However, there's a 1.5% decline that we will be using to record our taxes going forward in the ongoing rate, which we now expect to be from the 34%, now down between 32% and 33% related to our assertion that in certain countries our earnings in those countries will be permanently reinvested based upon our assessments. This all goes to our overall strategy of ensuring we have cash where we need it, when we need it, particularly in international jurisdictions so that cash becomes much more fungible going forward.
Mark F. Moon: So, Tavis, I'll take the first piece of that question. I think we talked about through several quarters of last year, that we were not pleased with our performance in Asia. As you remember, we reported single-digit growth in both Government and Enterprise last year. At the end of the year we decided to make some changes though, structurally, as we kind of expanded our sales coverage and went to more regional leadership. We also made a leadership change within the region. We're bringing in a new leader by the name of Mohammed Akhtar who had previously led the Middle East, but prior to that assignment had served 15 years within Asia and had wonderful experience with Motorola as within the region. This particular quarter, we also did not perform as well as we had hoped. And similar to the Enterprise story, I do believe it will be second-half driven. As Greg said though, we do still expect for the Asian region to be mid- to high-single digit growth for the year. If you think about the quarter in particular though, the quarter was really driven by a couple of countries around the region that had some anomalies. While I'm not making excuses for our performance, Malaysia was down $12 million as a result of the roll off of the Royal Malaysian Police project. India and Australia were down $8 million and $6 million, respectively, with large projects that happened the previous year. And then China and Japan were both down $7 million. We continue to experience some pressure in China, both macroeconomically, as well as localization pressure around the PDT standard for our PCR-type of business. So we continue to be pressured there. But as I said, we've put the steps in place to turn that business around. I'm confident in the leadership. I'm confident in the moves that we've made. And I think you'll see steady improvement as we move throughout the year.
Mark F. Moon: So, Jim, I think in short, it's a little bit of all of what you just mentioned. When we look back over the last several years, we were fortunate in Asia to have steady growth even through 2009; when we declined in other regions, we had growth. But in retrospect, when we look at that, that growth was really centered around China and Australia and some large projects. What we recognized last year is that we didn't have the proper strategy and resources in the areas that we see for future growth, the emerging countries like Indonesia, India, Thailand, Vietnam. So what we've done is rebalanced our resources. When I talked about a new sales coverage model, that's exactly what we did, both from a leadership perspective, as well as augmenting some resources from outside of the region with subject matter expertise to help kick start that growth in these new areas. So combined with the overall leadership, I think that we've taken the steps to go do that. I do think it will take time. That's why I talked about second-half driven. But we really do understand, and I think the opportunity for growth within that region is certainly still there.
Mark F. Moon: Peter, as you think about the Government business as we've talked about, we've been very pleased with how resilient the Government business continues to be. Last year, as we talked about the real strength, there was a lot of talk about narrowbanding, which certainly had an impact in North America. But at the same time, we talked a lot each quarter about new product introductions, the expansion of analog to digital. We also talked about the benefits of that and of aging infrastructure. The comment Greg made earlier about 60% of our customers in North America are still analog, worldwide, 50% of our customers are still analog. So as we go forward, given that aging infrastructure, the benefits of moving from analog to digital, as well as the things that we just talked about, the need that drive -- these fundamental drivers that are still present within Government, it helps us to continue to be optimistic. We've talked about the Government business being low- to mid-single digits. I think as we continue to put out new products, once LTE takes hold as we talked about and will talk about further, LTE has been somewhat delayed. And we think that moves the Government business to continue to be in solid mid-single-digit kind of a growth business.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, I think the comment was exactly right. We talked about in the past, there's certainly been a presence of consumer devices moving into the front of the store. As we've said, I think that's also a positive because it increases the visibility and the need for mobility. And as we've said in the past, all ships rise with the tide. At the same time we're expanding our portfolio, as Greg said, the MC40, the MC45, the Smart Badge. So we're beginning to move from this traditional rugged line worker, which is still the heart of our business, move back up so that we have offerings in the front of the store as well.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, I completely agree. When you think about back office, rugged, you usually don't have touch screen kind of devices. You're not as worried about that, if you will, consumer user interface. And there's a lot of investment. As Greg has mentioned in the past, almost 100% of all vendors, not just Motorola, of those kinds of devices are Microsoft based. Therein lies some of this delay and the interest from the industry in the next generation from Microsoft of what they're going to go do. At the same time though, we do want to provide options as we go forward, and that's what we're continuing to do. I do think the exciting piece of all of this is, while we have been slow to ramp up in our sales of large projects, and we've talked about that for the last several quarters, it is encouraging both engagement with customers. I was also at a recent partner event with our top 100 partners and there was excitement actually about their engagements, our new products, what we're talking about, roadmaps. And our actual funnel activity has really increased quarter-over-quarter strong double digits. And in fact, the large project funnels, those over $15 million, have increased 25%. So while we know we've got to go execute in Enterprise, and we've talked about it being second-half driven, it is encouraging that we're seeing good signs that, that will indeed happen.
Mark F. Moon: The other important point around that though is, so that you don't think that they'll just wait on this new product. We talked about earlier, and Greg mentioned, that we are OS agnostic. And this solution with Rhomobile allows customers to not only move forward with Android, but move forward as well with existing Microsoft products that we're offering as we've gone forward. We've talked about actually upgrading some of our good strong sellers that are leading the industry. So while there's this interest in the future roadmap, there's still compelling reasons right now to move forward.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, I think we talked about last year, both at the financial analyst meeting and through the quarters, that we've continued to expand our services capability, and we want to continue to do that as we think about solutions for customers. And as we talk to customers in the field, they're asking us to look at integrating more components of their overall needs. So our services piece is expanding, and we see that happening as we go forward. With that said, I think when Ed talked earlier about the Enterprise mix, the increase in services as a percentage of equipment in Enterprise this past quarter was really driven, not as much by strategy but more by the lack of sales volume of Enterprise equipment, which impacted the margin. So I think as we go forward, what we've talked about is, even with this increase in service, we continue to believe that we can maintain our operating margins and our course of continued operating margin improvement.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, so I think you hit on the first piece, is we've talked about the slightly tougher comp, 14% growth in the previous year in Government. As we talked about, while the business is a very, very steady, given some of the very large projects, it can also be a little lumpy. And we have a little bit of that when we talked about we're still -- the full year is solid. We saw a very strong first quarter. So we have a piece of that as well. Also, what you talked about around the PCR is you spoke of, that was primarily the driver in Asia -- the Asia region of Government, but PCR also slowed as we talked about in the end of the first quarter. So that's a little bit in the second quarter as well. Also, in the second quarter, the impact of rebanding in the second quarter and as we go forward becomes a little bit more pronounced than it was in the first quarter when you talk about year-on-year comparables. While we talked about last year rebanding impacting approximately 3% of our growth, it looks like, as we were also working against that headwind, which also plays in the PCR market, as well as some of our systems business. So all in all, I think as I've said earlier, the Government business will continue to perform very resilient, but the second quarter in particular is really driven by comps, some large projects as we talk about, the funnel's still growing, and just the normal nature. Usually when we look at really volumes in the Government business, first quarter and second quarter historical national volumes have been very similar. So coming against that comp, really kind of -- or moves to the difference in growth rates.
