Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Q1 highlighted another record quarter for Motorola Solutions as we achieved strong sales growth, improved operating leverage and returned significant capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and quarterly dividend. The most recent quarter included a number of significant product and solution launches that continue to demonstrate our unwavering commitment to deliver the best mission-critical solutions to our public safety and enterprise customers. This morning, we reported record first quarter sales of $2 billion, an increase of 7% from Q1 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.50 per share from continuing operations compared to $1.07 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.59 per share compared to $0.54 per share in Q1 of last year, a 9% increase. And for the remainder of the call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Our Government business revenues increased 11%. North America, Asian and Latin America all experienced double-digit growth, but we were also pleased to see growth in the EMEA. Operating margins in the Government business improved 260 basis points year-over-year, due to strong sales growth across our portfolio and another quarter of disciplined cost management. In our Enterprise business, sales declined 2% from the year-ago quarter, including an anticipated iDEN decline of $31 million. Growth in this business excluding iDEN was 3%. This increase was a result of growth across our portfolio as customers continued to select our solutions. Regionally, both North America and Asia had strong results, while EMEA was down slightly, as we expected, in comparison to an extraordinarily strong Q1 of 2011. On the capital allocation front, we continue to make significant progress in our initiatives and path to net debt that we spoke about at our financial Analyst Meeting last month. During Q1, we paid $70 million in dividends and repurchased $1.4 billion in MSI stock, bringing the total repurchase amount to approximately $2.5 billion since the program was announced in July of last year. I'll now turn it over to Ed Fitzpatrick to discuss our financial results in more detail. I'll then return to discuss operational highlights and provide additional commentary and perspective on our overall business performance.
Gregory Q. Brown: So Jeff, I mean, our Q1 results were very good. We're only 90 days into the year, and we're mindful of some of the continued extenuating circumstances, particularly in Europe. That said, again, we had a great Q1. Government was a little stronger. Enterprise was -- is returning to more normal levels off of very high comps last year. And we're just mindful of the European situation. That said, I think we're more confident in our full year outlook than we were a quarter ago. And we'll continue to evaluate and update accordingly. In terms of WLAN, I think it's too early to get all the results in for Q1, just because of the fact it's recently completed. Typically, we have grown. WLAN's been great, and it has tracked generally in line with the overall market expansion. We do particularly well in our target verticals of retail and transportation logistics. But overall, it was solid in Q1.
Gregory Q. Brown: So Craig, remember overall kind of as we take a full year view, we always thought that Government would be in low to mid-single-digits. We thought Enterprise would be higher single-digits. And Europe was soft, to your point, but outside of Enterprise in Europe, if you look at Enterprise in the other regions, we had solid growth. So it was pretty specific to Europe. And that said, backlog was up sequentially. So we'll see how things unfold going forward. But overall, a pretty good balanced quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, Government was really good, pretty much in every region. And in North America, as we said, it was really strong as well. I think, Craig, we had some very good systems business, i.e., infrastructure business in Q1, which actually lends itself positively forward-looking as you think about adding subscribers downstream over the next several quarters. But the demand, we've said public safety has always been typically prioritized higher. We continue to see that. I think it's representative of a strong systems business, which was seasonally stronger in Q1 than typical, and continued solid growth in our PCR business. So it continues to perform really well. And also we're refreshing the products, too. So we have -- we continue to tier our professional and commercial radio products. People are moving from analog to digital in the PCR business, and we think we're very well positioned to capitalize on that. So it's a combination of continued good momentum, product refresh and strong growth throughout the world.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, we had a double-digit growth in Government in North America, Latin America and Asia. And to Ed's point, we also grew in Europe as well, so it was a really good quarter for Government.
Gregory Q. Brown: So the difference in backlog around Public Safety LTE is minimal. Because it's still very early-stage. Remember, we -- as Ed described, we had -- it's really -- the way we counted backlog in Motorola was more of a legacy issue of traditional Motorola, Inc., i.e., we were only -- we were not including services, and we were only including backlog that went up to 18 months old. This is a much more comprehensive and all-in view that gives you and us greater visibility around the total enterprise. Backlog was up. Deepak, it's primarily driven by the award in Norway. Public Safety LTE was de minimis in terms of changing backlog quarter-over-quarter. In terms of overall contribution, we talk about beginning to get some traction in 2013 for Public Safety LTE and more meaningful contribution of 2014 and beyond.
Gregory Q. Brown: And then, Deepak, one more clarification to add or -- when you break down the increase from the old methodology to the new, a little over $2 billion of the increase was due to the service contracts, and then about $500 million to $600 million of the increase was due to the 18-month rule that we had, just to give you a little more detail on that.
Gregory Q. Brown: So as we talked about at the Financial Analyst Meeting a little over a month ago, share repurchases remain a critical component of our capital allocation framework, so you should expect that to continue. With that said, on the current program, we've executed $2.5 billion out of the $3 billion program, so about $0.5 billion remaining. As we look at it from a how do we approach it throughout the rest of the year, I think you said it right, I think we will be opportunistic. If the price is lower, we'll be a bit more aggressive. And if it's a bit higher, we'll be a bit more measured as we move forward here. So you should expect to get update from us at the appropriate time. But again, remains a critical component of our capital allocation plans.
Gregory Q. Brown: And just to have us a little bit more color, so overall backlog is up. As Mark referenced, Enterprise backlog is up, as is Government. To your specific inquiry, if you back out Norway, Government backlog is down slightly, which, yes, is seasonally consistent with previous periods.
Gregory Q. Brown: So on Norway, NSN did not -- when we talk about the $750 million opportunity, that is for us through 2026. NSN did not recognize any piece of that. In terms of overall 2012, just to be clear, we are more confident than we were a quarter ago in our full year outlook. In addition to that, we're only 90 days into the year. And there's elections going on in France. We had, as expected, softness in Europe, European Enterprise, specifically. Enterprise was pretty healthy in the other regions. But we just want to take it in a more measured way and see what happens in Q2 and update you then accordingly. I think it is important, though, we are more confident in the full year outlook. And iDEN decline, we continue to manage, and I think we'll be able to do that. Government was a little bit stronger, Enterprise returning to normal levels. So I think it's more of a stay-tuned situation, and we'll update as we get another quarter underneath our belt. And your third question was...
Gregory Q. Brown: Narrowbanding. I think it was fairly modest, is my instinct on Q1. Mark, I don't know what you think.
Gregory Q. Brown: So I think it was clearly too early in terms of Q1, Matt. But I think that when we think about our core Enterprise portfolio over the last 4 to 8 quarters, our view in -- our view is we're holding -- we're slightly gaining share in advanced data capture and in enterprise mobile computing. WLAN probably holding -- maybe a slight decline in WLAN overall, but in that case in the WLAN business, it's experiencing from a segment growth, 30%- or 35%-plus growth. So again, Enterprise backlog, Matt, was up. It was -- our Enterprise business in Europe was soft, as anticipated. But overall, we were generally pleased, with the exception of Enterprise in Europe. And of course, that the overall segment reporting includes iDEN, but we've talked about that. And we'll manage that in a measured way year-over-year and continue to do that.
Gregory Q. Brown: I don't think it will be a big deal for us one way or another this year. I do believe that I'm mindful of what needs to be implemented regarding the overall legislation, but having said that, BTOP grants have been extended to a number of customers with waivers. And we think it's very important for our customers for them to maintain that momentum and to continue to build and deploy accordingly. Because we believe those deployments are entirely consistent and compatible with the overall rollout vis-à-vis Public Safety LTE in the 700 MHz band. So we wouldn't want to have any unintended consequences of pausing or hitting the stop button that would appear to be disruptive for our customers, disruptive for employees and, quite frankly, disruptive from a job continuity standpoint. We want to continue to move forward, and we think we're able to do that but also be complimentary and mindful of what they need to do vis-à-vis first net going forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: We did not. We didn't because we're -- we've recalculated the 18-month backlog to the full life cycle backlog plus services. So we think the most accurate information we can give you is sequentially quarter-over-quarter. And again, overall, it's up. It's up in Government, it's up in Enterprise as well.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Q1 was another quarter of strong growth in operating leverage. Along with revenue growth of 7%, our disciplined expense management yielded an increase of operating earnings of 9% despite a $13 million increase in U.S. pension expense.  We saw broad-based revenue growth in our Government business, with record first quarter sales of $1.3 billion, an increase of 11% in the prior year. Operating margin in the Government business improved 260 basis points, driven mainly by sales growth and continued leverage. The Enterprise business declined 2% to $655 million, driven by an anticipated iDEN decline of approximately $31 million. Excluding iDEN, Enterprise posted growth of 3% as a result of growth across the broader portfolio. Operating margin in the Enterprise business declined 360 basis points. The decline was primarily attributable to iDEN. Increased pension and foreign currency expenses also impacted operating margins. While on the topic of sales, I wanted to make a brief mention of our backlog. In order to provide a more comprehensive view of backlog and to provide a metric that is more consistent with industry standards, we've changed our reporting methodology. Previously, our backlog calculation excluded certain services-related contracts and backlog expected to shift beyond 18 months. We're now adding these items to our backlog figure as it is more reflective of our visibility. Under this new methodology, our quarter-ending backlog was $6 billion, which compares to $5.3 billion in Q4 of 2011. The sequential increase in backlog is due to the previously announced award of the public safety network in Norway.  Turning to earnings. Earnings from continued operations were $0.59 per share compared to $0.54 per share a year ago, a 9% increase. Operating expenses were $689 million or 35.2% of revenue, which represents a 100-basis-point improvement from the year-ago quarter. Our operating earnings for the first quarter were $290 million or 14.8% of sales compared to $266 million or 14.5% in Q1 2011. This increase was a result of our continued work to balance critical investments in the business with the content focus on operating leverage. And as I mentioned previously, our first quarter results include a $30 million increase in U.S. pension expense from Q1 of the prior year. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $4 million in the quarter compared to net income of $3 million in Q1 2011. The prior-year quarter benefited from investment gains in excess of interest expense. In future quarters, we expect this item to be a net expense of approximately $15 million to $20 million.  Our effective tax rate was 34% for the quarter. For the remainder of 2012, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 34% to 35%. Cash flow from operations was $69 million during the quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Q1 2012 includes approximately $150 million in certain annual incentive payouts. In the prior year, all incentive payouts occurred in the second quarter. In addition, we paid $50 million related to our previously announced legal settlement.  With respect to working capital, I am pleased with our results in inventory management as our turns were 8.3 compared to 7 in the year-ago quarter. Our receivable balance declined, as expected, from Q4. In the second quarter, we anticipate liquidating certain notes receivable related to the Networks business we sold last year. These receivables were reclassified to short-term accounts receivable from long-term other assets last quarter.  We ended the quarter with $3.8 billion in cash and investments and $1.5 billion in debt. As Greg mentioned earlier, and as we addressed at our Financial Analyst Meeting last month, we purchased $1.4 billion in stock during the quarter, which brings us to approximately $2.5 billion in share repurchases since the inception of our plan. We've reduced our share count by approximately 16% since the start of the program with a purchase of 54.6 million shares at an average price of $45.38. In addition, we paid $70 million in dividends during the quarter.  Now turning to our Q2 and full year outlook. For Q2, we expect sales growth of approximately 6% over the second quarter of 2011. Our outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.65 to $0.70 from continuing operations. This compares to non-GAAP EPS in Q2 2011 of approximately $0.54 per share. Consistent with prior quarters, this outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.10 per share and items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases. Moving to full year 2012, we are reiterating our sales outlook of approximately 5% growth and operating margins of approximately 17% of revenue. I'll now turn it over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And Craig, what I would add there, too, is we had mentioned growth in Europe as well, right? Europe had been relatively flat and down in prior quarters, probably for the last 8 quarters. So it was nice to see that return a little bit to growth, which was good.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And we -- I'll -- just so you know, we also filed, those are up on our website. You can see the backlog comparison, both new method and old.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think we talk about that in kind of full year terms, because it really depends on the quarter. As you know, we ramp up sales throughout the year. So on a full year basis, we said that the Government and Enterprise businesses were relatively stable, are relatively consistent in the aggregate without iDEN. So you could think of it in that term. I think the Government a bit higher, but they're relatively comparable, if you will, for the full year results, Ehud. And what you should think of as well, both businesses improving year-over-year. Operating earnings, as a percent of sales, both Government and Enterprise, Enterprise if you back out iDEN improving nicely, both about 1% that we had talked about before.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Sure, on the pension expense. Pension expense, we talked about it being up approximately, U.S. pension expense, approximately $60 million year-over-year. I mentioned on the call the quarter impact of that was about $13 million to the quarterly results. The cash flow impact to that, I think, were about $100 million higher, $340 million of contributions this year to the U.S. pension plan. That's kind of incorporated in our full year cash forecast. And as I mentioned on the prior call, we do expect full year operating cash flow or free cash flow to be up from the prior year relatively in line with our improvement in operating earnings for the full year.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: You'll see it in the Q. I think it's -- I think we're about $130 million. I think we did $70 million after the quarter, and we did something in the $60 million range. So about $130 million. It's relatively smooth throughout the year.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think the cash contributions next year are relatively consistent. It may go up a bit. I think the expense right now that we're seeing will be up slightly. It won't be quite the impact that we saw this year. And that all depends on the discount rates, as you know, right? So, discount rates can go up or down. If they go up, we'll see a benefit. If they go down, God forbid, may see a bit of an increase. But right now, if it's -- everything stays where we expected it, should be a muted impact in the next year.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think we still feel good about cash for the full year. A lot of the things that we've seen so in the full year forecast for profit's consistent with what we had planned and what we had talked to you about last quarter. So still expecting cash flow to improve year-over-year based upon that improved earnings. There are some -- there will be some increase in working capital as our sales ramp year-over-year. We are planning for improvements in inventory turns -- improvement in inventory turns year-over-year. We do have a bit of work to do still on receivables, as I mentioned, collecting certain long-term receivables that were reclassified to short term this quarter. And we'll try to get at some of that this quarter. But I think that at the end of the day, the cash guidance that we gave for you, the cash flow guidance, is still consistent with what we expected. Working capital ramp a little bit, but our working capital efficiency, as we normally try to do to, to challenge ourselves, has improved year-over-year. We are driving to do that. And that's factored into that outlook I just gave you.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: The majority of our Enterprise -- we think it's quite low, because the Enterprise mobile computing business is, for us, is more around rugged, heavy industrial scanning, warehouse, back room e-commerce. We have very little presence in front-facing store operations -- some, but the requirements for our devices are more around ruggedization and heavy industrial use. So we think it's reasonably small at this point.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes, I don't think -- just to give color. I don't expect that you would see any significant changes given just history of that, it's been relatively stable. So the one big change really relates to Norway.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Sure. The biggest impact top line was driven by the euro, but not overly significant. We talked about a little bit about $10 million impact during the quarter, that was offset by some favorability in Asia, partially offset. In operating earnings, it was probably a $4 million to $5 million impact to the negative, and EPS, probably relatively flat for the quarter.
Mark F. Moon: Deepak, just one quick comment. I think the encouraging piece, while Public Safety and Government was up, it's also important to note that Enterprise backlog was up as well. So even as we talk about it, I think it's a good sign as we go forward because pretty good growth in our Enterprise backlog as we move forward.
Mark F. Moon: So, Tavis, this is Mark. So if you think about the Norway contract, it's very similar to many of the contracts that we have for public safety throughout Europe. As we've talked about in the past, their contracting is a little different. When they look at nationwide contracts, similar to what we've done in Airwave, we have that kind of setup in a number of countries in Europe. And Norway in particular, that original award was to NSN, and we were only an equipment provider. This change was the customer actually awarded us the entire end-to-end offering as a prime contractor, so that includes a lot of services, a lot of other things as well. We do that similarly throughout Europe and in other parts of the world. As you compare it to LTE, I think that model is still to be determined. And I think there's a lot of work going on. We have some, as we've mentioned in the past, some individual contracts today that do look similar in some fashions to that. But I think the overall picture of the contracting methodology is still to unfold as this rolls out. When you think about backlog, the other comment, as we talked about all the details before, is, if we went back to our old methodology for a second, backlog was still -- excuse me, so I think the important piece is while Norway was the biggest piece of it, that it's still, overall, we didn't see any strong differences to Government and Enterprise other than the Norway change.
Mark F. Moon: I think the overall effect of narrowbanding is clearly impacting the move to digital. But we see this move to digital around the world, so it's not just a North America phenomenon. We're having strong growth rates in the digital portfolio worldwide. So -- and I think you'll continue to see that as we go forward.
Mark F. Moon: So one quick add-on. If you think about the linearity, I think, as Greg indicated, we do think that it will continue to return. I would remind you that in Europe, we were coming off of a comparable year-ago quarter of 29% growth. So even when we talk about it being down, I don't want you to leave with the impression that Enterprise growth in Europe is really concerning. We clearly are watching it carefully, but it's coming off of a strong comparable. As we move throughout the year, we still to continue to think that Enterprise growth overall will continue on kind of the pace as we've indicated in the past and will return back to those normal levels, as Greg indicated earlier.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, so it is one of the largest. I think we had mentioned, although we have a number of large managed services contracts throughout the world, this clearly is in a whole different game when you look at the size. It will actually be deploying a nationwide TETRA network throughout the entire country of Norway, and that will include site buildouts, equipment installation, operations of that network once it is deployed, and it will be deployed in a number of phases. And then, ultimately, obviously, when you talk about operations, it's not just operating the network, but also maintaining it. And as we look going forward, we think we'll continue to upgrade it with technology over this life cycle of the project.
Mark F. Moon: I think we actually saw typical pricing for what we would expect for the first quarter. As we've looked at our ASPs across the portfolio, they've been able to maintain, again, part of that driven by some new product introductions. But nothing unusual as we look at what happened in the quarter.
