Greg Brown: Thanks Tim. Good afternoon and thanks everybody for joining us today. I'm going to start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business, before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q4 was an outstanding quarter capping another record year for the company. We grew revenue 5%, expanded operating margins by 80 basis points, generated $795 million of operating cash flow. Additionally we ended the quarter with our highest backlog position ever of $11.3 billion, up $659 million year-over-year and up $217 million sequentially. Second, our full year 2019 results exemplify the strength of our business. In our Products segment we grew revenue mid-single digits, driven by a second consecutive year of record land mobile radio sales in North America, as well as strong growth in our video security business. In Software and Services, we grew revenue double digits. And expanded operating margins by 330 basis points, on strong demand for our Command Center Software solutions and continued growth in our services business. And finally, as I look to 2020, our record backlog position coupled with the investments in our Command Center Software and video security portfolios position us well, for another year of organic revenue growth, operating margin expansion and strong free cash flow generation. I'll now turn the call over to Gino, to provide additional details on Q4 results and 2020 outlook, before returning for some closing thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thanks Gino. And let me just close with a few final thoughts. First 2019, was an outstanding year. Our land mobile radio business had a second consecutive record year in North America, while our Video Security and Command Center Software businesses both exceeded our expectations. Second, I was particularly pleased by the performance of Software and Services during the year, which now makes up roughly one-third of our overall sales and is a proxy for our recurring revenue. The demand for our integrated Command Center Software suite drove strong revenue. And backlog growth in our Software business, while our Services business grew mid-single digits organically, led by another strong year in North America. Additionally, we expanded operating margins in the segment by 330 basis points, which drove overall operating margin expansion of 130 basis points for the company. And finally, I think we're very well positioned for another strong year in 2020. We serve large addressable markets. We have a seasoned team, focused on consistent execution. And the investments we've made in North America along with our Command Center Software and video security portfolios will continue to drive organic revenue growth, operating margin expansion, EPS growth of at least 2 times revenue growth and strong free cash flow over the long-term. I'll now turn it back over to Tim.
Greg Brown: Yes Adam thanks. So first of all, I mean just to paint the picture and remind everybody we did anticipate getting state of Florida. We didn't. I think it was largely a result of over 1.5 years of delays in lawsuits and appeals primarily by the incumbent competitor. On top of that there's been some administration management changes. But I think it's fair to say that there was fluidity and scope and some design assumptions. Now having said that, we have an extensive presence throughout the state already. We still look forward to participating in what the state of Florida decides to do next. The project by the way was never in backlog, while we did anticipate signing it. We didn't. And it was going to be a managed service, so it would have been I think about $13 million to $15 million a year over several years. I think we're going to stay engaged with the state of Florida. We would like to think there's still opportunity to reengage and participate in that going forward. In terms of overall demand for LMR, as I mentioned, we've had two record years back-to-back we've had the state of Pennsylvania. We have the state of Iowa. And there's a whole - we had the largest LMR deal in the history of the company in Canada. So LMR is - remain strong. And these deals are - continue to come in and they're usually accompanied with seven and 10 and 12-year maintenance contracts as well. I think the state of Florida had a lot of factors involved. We would still like to participate and hope we have a role going forward, but that's really the state of play at this point in time.
Greg Brown: So, there was a lot, but we still think the business can - we expect it to grow all in 4%. We do think that video security solutions will grow at 15% Command Center Software in the high-teens. As I've commented before, as it relates to China, our China revenue continues to fall off largely as expected, in an accelerated way, just to contextualize that Mainland China was about $120 million of revenue in 2019. I think that's going to be cut in half, in 2020, more pronounced, not unanticipated, but more pronounced and reflective of our strategy around China. And we've been deemphasizing that theater for the last several years. So, I think we will A, continue to grow organically. I think LMR continues to grow all in inclusive of services the video security and command center software. I mentioned, services will grow should grow mid-single digits. From an operating leverage standpoint, as Gene mentioned we think OpEx goes down $60 million, largely normalized and optimized from G&A rationalization from acquisitions made previously. But Software and Services will continue to grow high single digit. That's what we anticipate. And from an operating margin standpoint I think that Software and Services will be about 33%, expanding over 2019. And we would see and anticipate the product segment operating margin expanding as well.
Greg Brown: Sure. So Jim your memory is correct. The approximate nine and 10 does contemplate future acquisitions. And you're also correct, that our 2020 guidance that we're confirming today does not, so you're right on that front. In terms of kind of overall levels and thinking about 2020, I like the fact that we have record backlog. I like the fact that more of the revenue is dimensionalized toward a recurring theme, vis-à-vis software and services. I'm really pleased with Kelly Mark and Andrew Sinclair and Jack Molloy and John Kedzierski. And I don't say that conveniently or to be nice and give the commercial for those guys. They've done an excellent job on two of these growth strategies that are very critical to us going forward. And at the same time, land mobile radio all in continues to be steady product and services and will grow. The variables you always think about is there a geopolitical event that could happen? Maybe, who knows? The coronavirus is relatively - maybe it isn't early in its stages. We'll see. We don't think that impacts us at this point in time. But we'll see how that plays out. This is also an election year and sometimes, if there's a change in administration that could provide a temporary pause or dislocation. I don't know if that's 2020 or 2021. But that's going to be an interesting set of dynamics to watch that whole political theater unfold. I think overall state budgets in the U.S. are solid. I think the U.S. federal budgets are solid. We've talked about tailwinds with the National Defense Authorization Act. FX is very muted for us in 2020. As we sit here today maybe $10 million of headwind. So, I think our guidance and our view is balanced, prudent, but I like the underlying strength of the business, the performance drivers and the execution by which we're achieving.
Greg Brown: Well, I mean, I think just in general whether it's Republican or Democrat it wasn't meant to be a partisan comment. But whenever there's a change there's typically you go through a new cycle they appoint new people and cabinet members, they reconstruct the budget. There may or may not be a continuing resolution. The budget details need to be solidified which really are foundational to what they will spend the first few quarters after the election. I think that's what we've experienced in the past. 
Greg Brown: Well, so kind of a couple of things. In the context of 2020, we went through that. I appreciate the question and I understand where you're coming from. You are right that over time as software and services and video security obviously Command Center Software that are growing substantially faster and become a greater from a contribution standpoint that should provide lift both from a growth rate and an organic growth rate. And we would anticipate that trend over time. We're only guiding for 2020. The China being cut in half is much more pronounced. So China was down $20 million in 2019 against 2018. It's much more pronounced this year. It's not unexpected. I think it's related to a lot of the things we've been doing and decisions that we've made proactively with China. So that's not unanticipated. But also I think in the context of the overall guidance, I think it's appropriate to be prudent. By the way some of this growth remember, the other trend here is incrementally things that were sold as CapEx that might roll to the top line growth number to take 3 to 4 to 5 to 6 go more toward annuity revenue multi-year annual recurring. So as we move some product to incremental annual recurring revenue that would temper down top line growth as we transition over time, but enhance the longevity and durability and predictability of the cash flow. So there's -- it's that dynamic as well. But all-in, pleased with where we are record backlog, high-growth businesses performing and LMR as well. Remember coming off two record years that's important to understand. And the LMR business being longer sales cycle and a little bit lumpy in nature. 2020 is reflective of that, but that too is still growing all-in with services. 
Greg Brown: Yes. And the only other thing I'd add on the video again as you think about the video assets we've acquired and aggregated in 2019 they're roughly all in about $700 million in revenue. That includes fixed video, in car video, body-worn video, license plate recognition video. We feel very good about the end-to-end system orientation strong AI edge analytics. And then we take those and integrate them into our incumbency around land mobile radio for a pretty powerful ecosystem around mission-critical communications and analytics. So that's the path we're on.
Gino Bonanotte: Yes so first, in terms of the concept of nine and 10 in 2021, I think I've been pretty consistent in saying approximately nine and approximately 10 in 2021. Tim, it's meant – it was always meant to be directional and not prescriptive or specific guidance. And as you mentioned, I think it also includes and contemplates both organic and inorganic. I think that you see the guide for both Q1 and the full year in 2020 on top of what we did in 2019 and I like the progression and the path that we're on. You're right that if you extrapolate that out, it will likely be closer to approximately 10 on the bottom. And then on the top but again it contemplates both organic and inorganic and we'll see how that develops. In terms of Q1 specifically, I would just say that a couple of things. We're coming off of two consecutive record years. The previous year comp in Q1 of last year was 13% growth. And as we referenced and have been consistent, that included of the timing of a $40 million Fed order in Q1 that when you normalize for the timing of that, I think you feel a little bit better. The linearity of Q1 is consistent with the last several years. It's about 20%. It’s always our smallest quarter. And with the exception of the anomaly of last year, I think it's consistent and in line with the way our business generally flows. The final point I'd make too is that, are all in 4% growth for 2020 is generally balanced with a little bit less than 4% growth in the first half, 4% growth in the second half and the 4% overall numbers consistent with what I mentioned a quarter ago. From a composition standpoint, we still expect growth overall in LMR all in with services in 2020. And we believe video security will grow again. We expect that in the 15% range and command center software in high teens. So all in all, I think balanced strong across multiple platforms, but that gives you the color of Q1 in 2020 as well as your 2021 question.
Gino Bonanotte: Yes as we talked about the increase, Keith was attributable to acquisitions. We will continue to rationalize spend. We have made incremental investments, in our growth businesses. Both Jack mentioned go-to-market as well as additional investments in R&D with the new camera as well as in command center software and we continue to drive costs out of the overall business. So I talked about a $60 million reduction, in 2020. So what you're seeing in 2019 is really a function of the acquisitions coming on. And as we work through cost structures across the acquisitions and more so across the underlying business you'll see that come down.
Gino Bonanotte: I think that's exactly right. The other piece of it is just what happens in the House and Senate and are there changes there that might change budget priorities as well. But as Greg said it's not - we've had very good years in Democratic administrations and very good years in Republican administrations. It's really just how quickly can get can they get the agency heads in place that can start to set the wheels in motion for both our customers and our team. 
Gino Bonanotte: Yes, Paul, this is Gino. We did not mention it, but really the expectation from - in the product segment is for gross margins to be comparable to what they were in 2019 and continued expansion in software and services from 2019 into 2020. 
Jack Molloy: Yes the only color I'd add Greg, just in terms of the investment George we invested fairly significantly in terms of go-to-market in North America in the first quarter last year. I think that helped attribute to the momentum. As Greg indicated, we picked up in the second half of the year. The other piece of it is it's obviously a very innovation-driven market. We launched – we had a relatively large-scale launch with our AI-powered H5 camera line. And again, the Q4 success and even what we're seeing in terms of pipeline build is very encouraging. The last piece of it as we formulated a government sales team and we did Gino made mention of it. We did $5 million in sales half of that was in the federal government market, which is really the longest selling cycle. So, all in we're encouraged in terms of the markets. Internationally, one of the investments we're making now is really focused on routes to market, taking our go-to-market coverage and getting into new countries that Avigilon was not in when we acquired them. So I think, some work to do there but definitely, I think some opportunity as well.
Jack Molloy: Yes sure Keith its Jack so related to WatchGuard one of the encouraging things we have with WatchGuard and with VaaS is really the ability to first bundle mobile in car video with license plate recognition, software and ultimately look at those as a platform. So we've - Q4 last year we announced our 4RE, mobile video, WatchGuard, that's integrated with license recognition. That's tied to our learned database which is the biggest license plate recognition database in the market. Early returns from customers that tell us, this gives them better evidentiary management, as well as it improves officer safety. So, we're encouraged by both of these and I'd remind you that WatchGuard is the leading player in-car video. We see more and more of the body warrant and in-car video sales being tethered together. And obviously our go-to-market scale in North America is significant. So, we really like both of those acquisitions.
Jack Molloy: Yes. Paul, its Jack. Well, when you think about it North America last year we grew 13% in 2019; 7% in constant currency this year in 2020. And by the way, I do want to note North America, it's particularly important that we grew across LMR had tremendous success in Command Center Software as well as in our video security business. We actually expect continued growth across all platforms. We expect growth in North America in the federal government area in Canada as well as in the U.S. and state and local. As we think about Europe, EMEA last year we had a - it's important to note EMEA was down in 2019, 3%. Most of that was driven really by a culmination of two things: two deals in the Middle East; two nationwide deployments, one in Northern Africa and one in the Middle East that created a tough comp. Also we were in a tough FX environment last year, but we did grow in Europe both in Eastern Europe and Western Europe. And in 2020 we expect the region in whole to grow not only in Europe, but the Middle East and Africa as well. And then lastly in Asia Pac. And I think Greg made mention this is we expect Asia Pac to decline slightly this year. And really that's driven by the fact that our revenue in China will be cut in half. The rest of Asia Pac is fairly stable for us, but it's just the planned continued deterioration of revenue in China that really impacts Asia Pac. 
Jack Molloy: Fahad, its Jack and it's a good question. If you think about our LTE offerings, historically, we've got a couple of things. We've talked about FirstNet. We think there are muted expectations for FirstNet in North America. But LTE to the enterprise is where we've got significant opportunity. We announced a CBRS portfolio last March at our channel partner Expo. We won some of our first deals with a big health care system out west. So we're encouraged by that. We also have a 900 megahertz offering to the utility space that we announced last week, at Distributech. And think of this as being something that actually takes advantage of existing P25 footprint. So less sites, better return on investment for utilities, leverages higher power capabilities and in SP25 and essentially LTE capabilities standing side-by-side. The last thing is LTE it will be an enabler for APX Next device which is our public safety police fire EMS device targeted. And that if you remember that's got P25 capabilities. But also it will have 5G capabilities, resident in the device, that's going to have LMR flow through capabilities there. So, really it's coming at a number of different things, device opportunities in public safety, and some software opportunities in public safety on FirstNet. And then in infrastructure as well as device opportunities in the enterprise space, namely utilities and health care et cetera.
Jack Molloy: Yes. I think, end-to-end our video business is obviously as you mentioned we've got a fixed video security analytics business and Avigilon. It's the only end to end game in town. Everything from AI-powered cameras at the edge to video management systems to - a part that we don't talk about a lot and that's access control, Greg talked a little bit earlier about education and I think access control is every bit as important to our story as we secure campuses and the like. When we think about our video business in the public safety and I talked about earlier, again we're the only one we got the only ones at an end-to-end story there. We've got not only on body. We're the leading in car video provider. But we've also got LPR capabilities. But more importantly, our learn database is the most robust database in play and content matters. As you well know, we've got over 20 billion plates in the system. So, we think we're pulling the story together. We've actually consolidated our sales teams in public safety directed at video, because through the acquisitions we had different people point in different places. We've aggregated those teams have them under a central leader now and we're focused on getting after the public safety space. But I think from the innovation standpoint from our portfolio we've got everything we need to execute.
Jack Molloy: Sami, the NDAA I think we've dimensionalized it as being a tailwind to our business. It's created a favorable environment for Avigilon. But I would tell you I think it's more of a result of having the right portfolio, the right focus and the right relationships and the ability to navigate the federal government sales cycle. I'd probably attribute more of success to Mark McNulty and Jim Mears and their teams and getting after that business. I think that's it. Yes.
