Shep Dunlap - Vice President: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our 2015 third quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President of Sales; and Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Systems and Products. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Mark and Bruce will join for the Q&A portion. We have posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in this morning's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the risk factors section of our Q3 2015 report on Form 10-Q and our 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I'd like to now turn it over to Greg.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I would like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up, so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President: Thanks. As mentioned at the outset, we've made a number of forward-looking statements during the call, including outlook related to sales, EPS, cost, operating leverage, cash flow both operating and free cash flow and gross margins, as well as effective and cash tax rates, currency and growth by region and product, as well as capital return and share repurchase and public safety LTE revenues. That's it. Thanks. We look forward to speaking with all of you soon.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Shep, and good morning. And thanks for joining us today. I'd like to make a few opening comments about the third quarter and the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q3 was another solid quarter. The core business remains resilient in several areas. North America sales grew 5%, the fourth consecutive quarter of growth. And as expected, Asia Pac returned to growth with a very strong quarter while the Middle East continues to expand robustly. Second, our operating discipline and cost initiatives are delivering excellent results. During the quarter, we generated 13% growth in operating earnings and 32% growth in earnings per share. And we're now on track for approximately $200 million in OpEx savings for the full year 2015. And finally, our focus on investments in managed and support services, smart public safety and public safety LTE continued to gain momentum. Our managed and support services business grew solidly in constant currency. Our recent acquisition of Emergency CallWorks for Next Generation 9-1-1 is performing better than expected, and we're hosting new public safety LTE trials in every region in the world. We're encouraged about the growth opportunities these areas represent, and we'll continue to pursue new initiatives in these areas. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, Q3 was another solid quarter relative to our sales and earnings expectations as we performed well on a number of measures: revenue growth in North America, revenue growth in Asia Pac, and revenue growth in the Middle East. That said, we saw increased softness and economic uncertainty in both Latin America and Eastern Europe which are tempering our views of Q4. Second, our execution around cost savings and capital return continues to demonstrate strong results. We're on track for OpEx reductions of about $200 million this year, and we're planning on $125 million more in OpEx reductions for next year. We purchased over $2 billion of our shares during Q3, which now brings us to a reduction of nearly half of our share count just over the past four years. Based on these efforts, we expect to see sizable free cash flow per share expansion as we move into 2016 and beyond. And finally, we're seeing progress in our investments in innovation. Strong initial revenues associated with the launch of the new flagship APX 8000 digital radio as well as the Digital Evidence Management Solution, which combines our secure cloud-based CommandCentral software with voice communications, body-worn video and voice recording, all-in-one device. This is an embodiment of the way we think about innovation in bringing together devices, software and services in a streamlined solution that meets the needs and use cases of our customer base. I'll now turn it back over to Shep.
Greg Brown: So Kulbinder. So the way we think about this, is we've seen incremental pressure in the second half of this year. I actually mentioned this at the Bernstein conference in September. We started to see pressure in Latin America and Eastern Europe in the August-September timeframe. What's happened is it's become more pronounced. I would dimensionalize it the following way. Think of it as approximately $100 million of incremental net pressure in the second half. I'd say $30 million of that is foreign exchange, Kulbinder, $50 million is further deterioration in Latin America. Remember 80% of our revenues in Latin America are U.S.-denominated and about $20 million is further deterioration in Europe, Eastern Europe, where all of our sales are U.S.-denominated. Now some of this was mitigated in Q3 by the over performance and strong performance in both North America and Asia Pac, but that's how we dimensionalize and see the pressures in the second half of the year. I think to your point around pricing, where we are U.S.-denominated and we've had that kind of pressure, we're seeing more of a price disparity with some of our portfolio. But in Q3 and Q4, we're taking action to adjust accordingly. But that's what's happened over the second half.
Greg Brown: That is a new reduction of $125 million for next year. The $200 million, it just represents the continued progress and solid execution that we announced. There's nothing new about it. It's more of a continuation around platforming, moving from high cost to low cost, eliminating duplication and redundancies, efficiencies around the SKU reduction that Brda is leading on product simplification. But it's manifesting it very well, and the $125 million reductions for next year are off of the full year OpEx base this year, so more efficiencies and more effectiveness.
Greg Brown: Sure, Ashwin. Well, first of all I think it's important that our view of this business being a low-to-mid single-digit growth business in a normalized environment remains unchanged. I remind you that we talked about some specifics about next year. Norway revenue, as the largest project in our company's history winds down, $80 million of lower revenue in 2016 versus 2015. The good news to that is it's a very, very low margin revenue. So, that's the good news associated with that. The second headwind is the $40 million of iDEN as expected, next year in 2016 over this year. And as of today, from a spot rate FX standpoint, we probably have about $40 million of additional FX in next year. Now when you put all those ingredients into the blender, that results in probably about $60 million of pressure in Q1. We're not going to guide, Ashwin, on the full year until next quarter's call but I think it is important to note that North America, we do expect to grow in 2016 at comparable levels to 2015 as they've been building backlog and executing strongly and consistently throughout 2015.
Greg Brown: Got you. So, we still expect to achieve our approximate $100 million in Public Safety LTE revenues for this year. Lot of good work by Bob Schassler and the team on LA-RICS specifically as that project completes this year. We haven't guided specifically on a number for public safety LTE revenues in 2016, but it's fair to say, Ashwin, we expect it to grow next year as we continue some work on LA-RICS but also build out the larger implementations in the two Middle East countries that we're working on.
Greg Brown: Sure, Tim. The engagement with Silver Lake's been great. They have operationally connected into the business in a pretty seamless way with folks. We're working on a number of work streams. I would categorize them in the consistent areas that I outlined when we first did the deal. I would say that we're partnering around managed and support services as well as smart public safety and specifically some of the software areas. There's also an initiative we're launching with them around cost of goods or what I would call above gross margin, both product and services. So operationally they've interconnected very well with the management team here on a number of work streams. In terms of inorganic, they'll work with us closely as we evaluate things that make sense or may make sense in adjacent areas that we would feel are compelling and accretive. But so far so good. Early days, but very pleased with their engagement.
Greg Brown: Well, I think, Simona, we'll continue to evaluate it closely to see ultimately what requirements are codified in the final RFP targeted by the end of the year. Our operational engagement with FirstNet has gone well. Particularly, I would recognize them and thank them, both FirstNet and NTIA, as we've worked all hands on deck on the LA-RICS build out and initial network completion. So I think that's gone well. They're outlining a set of requirements. We had a meeting with them a few weeks ago. We stay closely connected with them as they ultimately determine both the business model, the framework for the network rollout, and we'll determine after the final RFP is let, how we participate and choose to compete. That will be a 2016 decision to determine how we respond. And I think those responses are due either Q2 or Q3 of next year.
Greg Brown: So, Simona, I think of it as an incremental opportunity and I say that because even though we sell or resell a body camera today, I think sales have been pretty muted and not very meaningful. This is exactly the way we have thought about innovation in that we're less interested in competing in commodity hardware. We're more interested in a value-add, differentiation integrated solution. So we took the back-end around content management, the cloud-based solution around CommandCentral Vault obviously in a secure communication's model where we're integrating it all into a speaker mic. First responders have too much on their belt and too much on their body. So a consolidated, integrated, encrypted superior solution in our view was the way to go. Software, services and all integrated in one device. So we feel good about it and I view it largely as incremental. I think the addressable market I would characterize as maybe $250 million of $300 million. And that's more restricted looking at the addressable market size of the body worn camera. But I do think it also lends itself to your point into potential adjacencies around software as a service. That product will be shipping in a matter of months, so we'll update you accordingly. But we feel very good about that product roll-out.
Greg Brown: I think to your point that when you look at suspending Q4 for a minute and looking at second half, it's generally close to the guidance that we gave, normalized for foreign exchange. I mean said another way, we still expect growth for the full year in constant currency. And the EPS is within the range we gave at the beginning of the year and just recently a quarter ago, although obviously now we're targeting it toward the lower end of that. I think. Pierre, you'll still see generally normal seasonality of the business that's reflective along traditional linearity. If I take North America specifically, even though we're not anticipating growth for North America in Q4, in part to your point, that's on a very strong comp a year ago and North America is performing exactly as we expected, actually so is Asia Pac, but North America for the full year 2015 it's actually performed stronger than we expected for the first three quarters. They are growing backlog and building backlog along the way and as I mentioned, North America which is 65% or 70% of our revenue, we expect to grow in 2016 at comparable levels to 2015. They are executing very strong and very consistently with Jack Molloy and his team.
Greg Brown: Of the $200 million for this year, about $80 million is favorable FX, which is a good guy, a tailwind. But commensurately, incentives are an $80 million headwind, so they kind of offset each other, Fahad (30:07), on the FX. We're taking $200 million of real cost out of the business this year.
Greg Brown: No, I think FX is an issue for us given year-on-year comps. As I mentioned, the spot rate as of this week, it's $40 million of incremental. I think that manifests itself more in Q1 and Q2 of next year and then should normalize based on spot rates today. But having said that, we're taking another $125 million of costs out in 2016 irrespective of fluctuations of FX.
Greg Brown: Well, Gino mentioned last call that we were targeting approximately $3.5 billion of repurchase for the full year 2015. That's unchanged. We obviously executed on the tender and took a big chunk of shares out this past quarter. I think going forward as the balance sheet's been normalized, I think you should think about capital return along the lines of the framework that we've outlined of operating cash flow, which is 50% repurchase or M&A, 30% dividend, 20% CapEx is a framework of the way you should think about it, given the fact that we've normalized the balance sheet with the tender and have achieved net debt.
Greg Brown: Well, I think for sure that's what's tempered our view of Q4. I don't necessarily see that changing going into 2016. So we will be guarded and measured, and we'll update you on 2016. As it relates to kind of a region specifically for us, we talked about North America and the color around 2016. Gino mentioned we have robust backlog in the Middle East. So even though there's pressure on oil price reductions largely in that region, we've got healthy backlog and very good visibility, I think, into 2016 for that region. Latin America we don't see changing anytime soon. So I think our views will remain tempered exiting Q4 and into 2016. And Europe, I would dimensionalize around the Eastern Europe issue that we highlighted. And the only other thing worth mentioning specific to us, of course, is the Norway wind down on revenue. But that's kind of how we see it going forward.
Greg Brown: I think, actually, Fahad (33:49), I think it'll be better to update you a quarter from now since we just made the announcement and the product rolls out in the next 60 days. What I will tell you is the initial feedback with the Chiefs Conference here in Chicago was strong. It was strong because they like an integrated device, they like the fact that it has content management for crisp extraction on evidentiary and storage requirements, and they like that it's consolidating and thinking about and sensitive to what a first responder carries on his or her chest or belt. So I think it's a little premature to kind of signal the pipeline and the quantification of it. We'll update you in a quarter, but the initial feedback and engagement has been very good. And we're in conversations with a number of customers right now.
Greg Brown: I think it's both. I think it's the traditional communications group as well as IT. The IT and CIO are becoming more and more involved with the procurement of public safety given the complexity of these IP networks, the sophistication of software. And that's a good thing because our engagement, as we think about North America in particular, we've had our direct sales force talking smart public safety, talking about managed services, talking about the command center, talking about Next Generation 9-1-1. So it's not an unnatural extension, it's a logical extension given our distribution and go-to-market strategy.
Greg Brown: I think you need to look at the composition of Q3 and the performance of North America and specifically some of the products in North America. We mentioned the APX 8000 launch and the market reception to the APX 8000 launch. So the profile in Q3, the mix, skewed a bit to North America and skewed a bit to full-featured products.
Greg Brown: Well, and I'll have Bruce jump in on this too, but I think that the SKU reduction work has gone exceptionally well, we've talked about we're on track to reduce our SKUs by about 40%. I think the platforming of the systems and product business led by Brda has gone very well to achieve economies of scale in cost of goods. When we think of the cost of goods initiative, or call it above gross margin, I think the engagement with Silver Lake and work will yield higher benefit on Services, above gross margin than necessarily Product above gross margin. And as we think about the deployment of Services people we think about their utilization, their load-balancing, their productivity, software and system and IT tools that we use to track the Services organization, that are more sophisticated and capable today for MSI than even 18 months ago with utilizing software like Flexera and others around feature functionality and service deployment. So I kind of look at that engagement with Silver Lake more yielding services above gross margin efficiencies than necessarily product cost of goods itself, because of a lot of the work that we've done already.
Greg Brown: Trending to expectations, haven't seen any deviations. And we will update you at the end of the year on our aging and expectations for 2016.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure, Tim. The gross margin pressure we've seen this year is primarily related to large systems integration projects, a couple of projects whose margin is lower than our overall margin. If we look at margin across products, it's comparable in the main to prior periods as well as services, Managed and Support services, Smart Public Safety, those margins remain healthy. We expect gross margins to improve over time as the projects, large projects, roll off by the end of this year. And we also, as importantly, perhaps more importantly, expect operating margin improvement as we expand our services portfolio and services business.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Growth in the Products segment for the sixth straight quarter, and Services growth was basically flat including a $60 million FX adjustment.
Gino A. Bonanotte: For 2015, we said we remain at free cash flow of approximately $800 million, and operating cash flow of approximately $1 billion.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Clearly, currency continued – the ruble continued to devalue, 90% year over year, incremental 30% in the second half of the year. So we saw a continuing pressure. Greg mentioned that in Eastern Europe we're predominantly USD-based, so we're seeing some pricing pressures, particularly at the low end. And we expect that to continue based on macroeconomic conditions. We mentioned oil. There was a question around oil as well as political turmoil right now in Russia. So we expect that to continue into 2016.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Actually, we have performed very consistently in Asia Pac throughout the year. We exited last year with good backlog and good visibility to pipeline. We talked about still being down year-over-year in the first half, but returning to growth in the third quarter and fourth quarter, which is exactly what we've done. And that's really despite some FX pressure in Australia, probably about $35 million, and about $50 million of FX pressure throughout the region. In terms of the overall region, we've actually performed fairly consistently throughout the region. We think about it, and we talked about it in the past, the region being China, Australia and kind of the rest of Asia as kind of the composition. That's continued to be pretty much the case. We've had some declines as you know in Australia; again, they've been facing the FX pressures. China has continued to perform as expected for us, so we were pleased with that. And for the full year we think we will meet our expectations, actually grow slightly in actual dollars and grow low double digits in constant currency, so pleased with the execution throughout Asia.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah I think the stronger performance in North America through the first three quarters was really sales in the quarter that were orders converted to revenue in the quarter. Our backlog aging has performed really as we've expected.
