Gregory Q. Brown: Good morning. And thanks, Shep, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Q4 was a solid quarter for Motorola Solutions. We finished 2013 on a positive note. We had growth in both businesses, improved operating margin, delivered double-digit EPS growth, built backlog and generated strong operating cash flow. As I reflect on the year, there are a few thoughts I'd like to note. And first, although revenue was flat for the year, we still expanded operating margin, delivered solid EPS growth and cash flow and returned $2 billion of capital to our shareholders. Second, the Government business turned in a very solid year, demonstrating resiliency, especially off of a record year in 2012. This comes despite a challenging second half in our federal business related to the U.S. government shutdown and declines in APME. Europe and Africa and North America state and local were growth drivers for us. We closed 2013 with a record backlog position in our Government segment, up $450 million, and have signed some significant multiyear deals that will build the base of recurring revenue streams for future years. Third, we continued to see encouraging trends in our Enterprise business. The business grew slightly in Q4, the second quarter of growth in a row, driven by stronger-than-expected performance in North America, continued strength in Asia and solid performance in Europe. New products are gaining traction, and our backlog in Enterprise is also up. And finally, we sharpened our focus, proactively taking steps to improve our cost structure and improve our competitive position overall. This positions the business well for sustained operating leverage and cash generation going forward. Now to our results. This morning, we reported fourth quarter sales of $2.5 billion, an increase of 3% from Q4 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings from continuing operations were $1.31 per share compared to $1.18 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $1.67 per share compared to $1.10 per share in Q4 of last year. For the full year, revenues were flat at $8.7 billion, while we increased non-GAAP operating margins by 30 basis points. For the remainder of this call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Our Government business revenues increased 4% for the quarter. We saw solid double-digit growth in infrastructure and deployment services for both ASTRO and TETRA. Government sales increased 1% for the full year coming off of a record 12% revenue growth in 2012. Our strong product portfolio and expanded solutions capabilities have positioned us well to take advantage of the demand drivers of the analog-to-digital transition, aging public safety infrastructure and expansion opportunities in the verticals beyond public safety, demand drivers which continue as catalysts for future growth. In the Enterprise business, sales were up slightly compared to the year-ago quarter and increased 1% when excluding the decline of iDEN. On a full year basis, Enterprise revenue declined 2%, as we experienced cyclical weakness in the first half of the year, although we believe the trends in our core Enterprise business are demonstrating a return to growth. And now, I'll turn the call over to Gino to discuss our results in more detail, and then I'll return to get into more operational highlights and provide additional color on our business performance.
Gregory Q. Brown: So 2 things. First, on iDEN, iDEN was about $185 million in 2013. We expect it to be down approximately $100 million to $85 million. We have very good visibility, obviously, with that business given its contracting and pretty located base that we have a very good understanding of. Gross margins were compressed largely due to mix, which we had higher infrastructure and deployment services in 2013. And when we talk about deployment services, we're talking really about installation and integration services. So it compressed gross margin in Q4 and that mix carries over into Q1, although overall for the full year, we're anticipating gross margins for full year 2014 to be comparable for full year 2013.
Gregory Q. Brown: Kulbinder, 2 things. I have much higher confidence, in the business, than I did several quarters ago about our ability to call it. So if I take you back a couple of quarters -- and I understand, when we were guiding to be approximately flat for the remainder of -- or for full '13, there were folks that didn't think we could get there given the kind of ramp in the second half that was required and we pointed people to what we called the aged backlog being up about 100 million in this past Q4, which ended up converting as expected and materializing in line with what we thought. As we think about this year, and you call it an air pocket for Q1, I'll come back to that, we believe that the full year guidance comports well. Even with Q1's compression, the remaining 9 months is -- has the business growing at 2% to 4%. That's off of a 9-month compare on the same period of '13 of being approximately flat. For the full year, we expect Government to grow low single digits, and Enterprise mid single digits without iDEN. I think we have pretty good visibility to that, and I think that we have shored up a number of processes on our ability to guide and forecast the business. In Q1, as you referenced, Kulbinder, it's really a timing issue. And we don't manage the business, of course, by quarter, we look at the full year. I love the fact that the backlog is up in both businesses. We have very good visibility into the aged backlog composition of that, meaning the backlog to be delivered in Q1 and in fiscal 2014. We see good trends on the Enterprise business that we referenced and we're expecting Enterprise to go -- grow in Q1. So I feel good about where we are as a business, the long-term contracts, multiyear contracts that we've signed, which over time will give us even greater predictability on annuity revenue streams. So that's what gives me confidence as I look into '14.
Gregory Q. Brown: So you're right. On the second part first, Simona, the $150 million turned out to be higher in the second half, but we still met full year guidance. And just to further extend your point, in 2014, we're not building into our overall revenue guidance some kind of significant snapback to the federal business. We're really projecting very modest increases in the U.S. federal business. On backlog, as we referenced, Q1 is just more of a timing issue. The remaining aged backlog for the 9-month ensuing period is at comparable levels to 2013.
Gregory Q. Brown: On LTE -- first, Brian, thanks for the 2 questions. I'll start by, we're thrilled with the fact that we secured an approximately $100 million multiyear deal, our first internationally, outside the U.S. As we think about LTE revenue contribution overall for '14, we are not planning no more than $50 million in 2014 total revenues. I still -- we continue to work closely with FirstNet well here in the U.S. We are working on a couple of projects and we'll see if they are successful coming to conclusion, one in particular comes to mind that we're working on that could make a decision over the next few months. We'll see. In terms of the remainder of the year, I think we have been pretty disciplined in the guidance that we're giving in a variety of different contingency scenarios as Gino and I work pretty closely together. For the full year, factored into the full year revenue guidance, again we think about Government being up low single digits, Enterprise being up single -- excuse me, mid single digits, without iDEN. And that's really kind of the way we think about the balance of the year. It contemplates about 2% to 4% growth over the remaining 9 months against a flat period of compare. We've detailed, we've taken a detailed look at backlog, so we feel pretty good about the way we're calling the year.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think -- high level, I think that, between the actions that we've taken in '13 that resulted in significant annualized savings, which is a tailwind, as well as pension savings with a tailwind, and then net it against the headwind of accruing back to 100% of variable compensation, we think those actions, when netted together, largely get us there to approximately 18.5% against the backdrop of the revenue guidance that we've given.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I think it expands the addressable market because it's a separate new network that's incremental to the narrowband LMR that's been deployed. In the win internationally, it's an existing customer, one that we've enjoyed a relationship with for decades. But having the fact that we have a public safety solution infrastructure, software and integrated devices does expand the addressable market. And in the one that I'm thinking about here domestically, it -- that too is also an existing Motorola Solutions customer, but if we were to succeed in closing that business, that too would be an expansion of the addressable market opportunity because Public Safety LTE and the addressable market is incremental to the public safety mission-critical land-mobile radio business.
Gregory Q. Brown: Peter, so on the Enterprise business, I mean that we have 2 core businesses here in the firm. They're different, you're right, but they're also both very good businesses. Our focus has been and remains on improving the Enterprise business given some of the difficulties and challenging periods we had over the last few quarters. And we feel pretty good about where we are with this business. It's improving operationally. It's improving on backlog, up $50 million year-over-year. It's improving on new products, with 4 recently introduced Android products. The engagement, as I mentioned, with large customers at NRF was significantly, in tone, better than the last year or 2. We've extended the Motorola Extensions vis-à-vis security, device management, integration on our own software that we layer on top of Android. So I guess it's a long-winded way of saying, look, the Enterprise business is a good business. It's improving its position, that's been our focus. And we have a number of customers that are counting on us to deliver in Q1 and Q2 and for the remainder of the year, and that is our primary focus. And we think there can be a lot of value created by continuing to drive the improvement of that business.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. And the only thing I'd add is, the guidance of approximately 18.5%, and I've said this before in the past, it's net -- not to imply necessarily a ceiling either. So we're just trying to be prudent in our estimation given the 90 point -- 90 basis point improvement year-on-year. Gross margins will be comparable '14 versus '13. We do have lower iDEN revenues, but we also look at ASPs pretty carefully and we're comfortable with where we are on ASPs in both segments. So that's contemplated into the approximately 18.5%.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I'm going to turn it over to Mark to answer part of that. But just on the last part, Tim, the -- one of the things, I think, that's been very important from a competitive advantage and the way we approach this business strategically is a solutions orientation, so regardless P25 is an open interoperable standard as well with many competitors on the infrastructure and device side, but given our expertise, customization of software, existing relationships, we're able to drive a very successful franchise. LTE is also an open air interface standard, and our approach to that market is also through a solutions orientation, infrastructure, software, devices and an end-to-end orientation that reflects the expertise and the decades of experience we have in provisioning mission-critical communications. On the LMR side, it's narrowband. On the LTE side, it's broadband. But we've been very conscious of the R&D investments we've made to try to have that systems end-to-end orientation, to have that strong solution and business model that we think will be quite successful going forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, I would summarize it this way. And I recognize that -- a number of questions around the topic. It's really about timing. And I don't mean to distract or take away from the realities of the Q1. It's the mix of the mix to higher infrastructure and deployment services and the way the orders flow through. We had a -- almost a $3 billion order quarter in Q4. It's a huge volume that comes in. A component of it is federal that we mentioned about it earlier, but quite frankly, I'm just not that concerned, nor is Gino. And I don't mean to blow by it, that's not at all what I'm trying to do, but we look at the business annually, we look at the backlog that's aged, we look at the engagements we're in. We're not contemplating significant LTE. And when I think about, can this business grow 2% to 4% for the ensuing 9 months over a flat compare with the same period, I think it's very reasonable. And I think it's in that context that we have higher confidence. When we come into a quarter, I've referenced, Mark and Gino have referenced, that we have 80% -- approximately 80% visibility into a quarter. That too was unchanged. About 50% from backlog, 30% of what we characterize in our own vernacular as run rate, which is add-on and additional services and things with very little variability. And then there's about 20% of the quarter that we need to go get, which is anywhere from $350 million to $400 million and new orders to turn and book and ship. I think, in the last several months, with Gino's arrival and, I think, some rigorous processes and stronger linkage between finance and Mark Moon's organization, I feel more comfortable about some steps that have been taken. I think a great example of that is the cash generation of $741 million in Q4, which we've never had. And I will give a tip of the hat to Gino that dove into this. From a working capital standpoint, receivables, payables, it's the "mud under your fingernails" blocking and tackling that I'm very pleased with. So I think we're operationally more crisp. And the overall demand drivers of the business are strong, multiyear backlog is up. So those are the elements that underpin our guidance and my feeling of feeling more comfortable about this business.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Ehud, thank you for the question. This is Gino. A couple of items to note. You mentioned federal, and the $150 million decline last year was predominantly in the second half. So Q1 does have an element of federal to it, but it's generally across the Government segment. It's in state and local, federal and, to some extent, in other regions. The question on visibility and when did we begin to realize that Q1 may have an air pocket in it, is it was really as you say. As we were closing the quarter, Q4 is our largest-order quarter, approximately $3 billion in orders in Q4. And as we closed the quarter, we aged those projects and those orders over the course of the project life, and that's when the Q1 issue became pronounced that we had a scheduled delivery issue. Aged backlog, as we call it internally became, an issue.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And then Ehud, on the pension liability decreased, we've stated in the past and we continue to adhere to a net debt position by 2014. We've also talked about that we're comfortable based on our ability to generate cash, comfortable running a levered model. Certainly, that reduction gives us greater flexibility, but we think the adjusted leverage is still appropriate in the mid-2x range. And as we've discussed in the past, we expect to intend to hold onto our solid investment grade rating.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And on gross margins, Peter, the -- we've said gross -- we expect gross margins to be comparable to 2013. And Greg talked about the tailwind in pension as well as reductions executed in 2013 that will realize -- will be realized in annual savings in 2014.
Gino A. Bonanotte: So Peter, what we've said, margins comparable to 2013, we ended 2013 at 49.3%. So margin's comparable, and a reduction in OpEx gets us to the 18.5% from where we ended 2013.
Mark F. Moon: Ehud, this is Mark, let me jump on the first piece, then I'll hand back to Gino for the pension liability. When we think about federal, as we talked about -- when we talked about the down in the last second half of $150 million, we're also coming against a very large order in federal in Q1 of last year, so the comparable was also tough in that particular piece. Gino spoke about the $3 billion of orders and how we aged the scheduled delivery of backlog here in the last couple of weeks. It was a nominal across the portfolio, different than just one customer pushing out. The mix was definitely tilted towards infrastructure and deployment services, which is longer range, and just the necessity of how it -- how the project will be deployed versus larger subscriber orders. The order flow in the last 2 weeks also, probably because of the holiday following -- falling in the middle of the last 2 weeks, was a little less than normal. Now overall trends are very good, so it's just those last 2 weeks which also may have impacted some of the Q1 volume, but again, it really is a Q1 anomaly. We look very strong. The demand is strong. And actually in Government, both in North America and around the world, we increased share in the year. So order demand is good, it happens just to be a Q1 timing issue.
Mark F. Moon: Andrew, just to further kind of clarify and amplify really what Greg said: The existing -- one of the large contracts that he highlighted that we received this year was from L.A. Regional Interoperable Communications for a land-mobile 2-way radio mission-critical network. LA-RICS is also a customer currently pursuing an LTE opportunity. So that is the reference that Greg just made. So really, this new LTE opportunity is indeed incremental because it's an addition to the multiyear mission-critical network they just bought. And again, we're in negotiations with that customer and optimistic about what will come in the near future.
Mark F. Moon: Tim, when we think about the revenue mix, both kind of where it physically will happen, we see it being fairly well balanced between international opportunities and U.S. opportunities. From the infrastructure subscriber question that you ask, I think it would be similar when you think about our traditional business in the mix of percentage of equipment, infrastructure equipment, versus devices. But what I do believe, following up on what Greg just described as the way we see the business evolving, you will see the services component. Because this will be a solutions delivery and operating some of these networks at a higher level, I think you'll see that services content continue to grow in this particular piece, just like we're seeing it grow in our other businesses today in longer-term agreements. So from a margin perspective, both as you think about services, infrastructure and what we see in the Public Safety LTE devices, I think, from a gross margin perspective, it will be somewhat less than what we see in our traditional business, but we do believe we can maintain the same level of operating margins within that business.
Mark F. Moon: Keith, I would also say on Q1, the Q1 issue is really a North America issue. And when you think about what we've talked about with the federal government in North America and the way we bragged over the last several number of quarters about the performance of state and local in North America, 15% growth in '12, 9% growth this past year, it really is we're still very confident in that business. But the timing of that backlog in that business is down. The other thing, for the full year of Government, we do expect to return to growth in APME, which has been slower than expected but built great backlog. So that will be an upswing for this year. As well as Latin America, where we had a couple of projects slip from last year into this year, we believe that will also be stronger growth. So that will offset kind of the tough comparables that North America and EA will be fighting against this year.
Mark F. Moon: It is the late flow of the orders that we really didn't have visibility to till they came in, but again, the volume of that, it happens in the fourth quarter, our largest quarter ever, almost $3 billion of orders. And it is to -- speaking to Greg's comment on confidence, we have definitely instituted much more rigor in process for the bottoms-up buildup that gives us higher confidence both in the current quarter and for the guidance that we're giving for the full year.
