Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon, and thanks everybody for joining us today. I'm going to start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook. First, Q3 results highlight the continued strong demand we're seeing across the business. We grew revenue 13%, earnings per share 21% and expanded operating margins by 150 basis points. Additionally, we ended the quarter with a record Q3 backlog of $11.4 billion, up 7% from last year. Second, we saw strong growth in all three technologies during the quarter. In LMR, revenue was up 11% while navigating a very challenging supply chain environment. In video security and access control revenue was up 26% driven by strong broad-based demand for both our fixed and mobile video offerings. And in command center software revenue was up 13% as we continue to expand within our existing install base and win new customers. And finally, based on our strong Q3 results and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we're again raising our full year guidance for both sales and EPS. I'm now going to turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. I thought I would end with a few thoughts as we conclude the call and before we open it up for questions. But first, our results for the quarter were outstanding and I'm extremely proud of how the team is executing through a very tough supply chain environment. We achieved record Q3 sales, operating earnings and EPS, expanded operating margins by 150 basis points and finished the quarter with a record Q3 ending backlog. Second, I want to share some color on what we're actually seeing in the two segments. In products in SI demand for both our LMR and video security solutions remained robust, highlighted by the strong revenue growth in Q3 and record ending backlog. Supply chain constraints continue to impact our LMR business, and in particularly our PCR business, as demand outpaced our ability to obtain supply in Q3 and we expect we'll continue to do so in Q4. In software and services, we continue to see strong demand, which is driving revenue growth and improve profitability. In fact, as we finish the year, we now expect operating margin to increase by 200 basis points year-over-year for the segment. Our customers continue to increase their investment in our value-added services and in software, while we now expect command center software revenue growth to be low double digits. Our video security and access control software revenue growth will likely be greater than 35% this year and is the fastest growing area within our software portfolio. Finally, as I look ahead, I'm encouraged by how we're positioned. Our strong Q3 backlog in both segments provides us with significant demand visibility. We're expanding our relationships within our existing install base to provide more software and services. The customer funding is as good as I've seen it, and our NDAA compliant manufacturing in North America is providing a key differentiator for our fixed video solutions, and while we expect the challenging supply chain environment to be with us through at least the first half of next year, we're still planning for another year of strong revenue earnings and cash flow growth in 2022. And I'll now turn the call back over to Tim.
Greg Brown: Yes, Tim, on video, it's just -- it's phenomenal execution by Molloy and the entire management team. As you know, it's our largest addressable market now expected to grow over 30%, by the way, organically, it's probably a little over 20%, so still really a strong, robust growth. We've rounded out the portfolio. We've refreshed the product portfolio. I think Jack and team had done a great job investing in go-to-market and increasing our R&D in a downturn market. I think video continues to be more -- and access control continues to be more and more important with our customers and more of a need to have than a nice to have. As you referenced, the NDAA is helpful for sure around federal procurement, as well as the eligibility for federal grant money. And look with the FCC, as you know, and as you referenced, there's pending legislation has been done. It's awaiting Biden's signature. If President Biden signs it when and if he does that authorizes the FCC to proceed with the rulemaking they've undertaken which would evaluate Chinese vendors in the entire enterprise market. So that clearly would be significant as well. Don't know the timing for that. But that would be a tailwind if that were to materialize. I don't know if Jack, you want to add anything about the overall demand profile.
Greg Brown: And as it relates to command center software, candidly, Tim, in retrospect that the target was maybe a little overly ambitious, but having said that we're still growing at 1.5x the market, so we're taking share it's growing double digits. Q3 was particularly good on orders and the backlog composition is a little bit longer in duration incorporating some things around next-gen 911 and annual recurring revenue.
Greg Brown: Yes. So we're not going to obviously Sami guide 2022 per se, but I will tell you that kind of, as we sit here today we're thinking, tough supply chain environment, by the way, Q3 was a tough, I'm proud of the quarter. I'm proud of the print, but it was tough and Q4 is tough as well. So I think that Q3, Q4 from a supply chain standpoint is the toughest we've experienced. We still expect it to be difficult and challenging first half of '22 at least -- first half of '22, so that's kind of the backdrop having said that. I think about revenue growth at this point high level of about 7% and maybe further dimensionalization of software and services, revenue growth of around 10% that's high level. Our current thinking obviously details to follow in a quarter from now, it would also be our expectation and goal to expand operating margins. But in '22 in the face of higher input costs as well, that's kind of some high level color.
Greg Brown: Yes. And Kyle, just the last thing I'd say is, as I said, in my prepared remarks, demand is strong and our demand visibility is good. In addition to the backlog that Jack articulated and the linearity that Jason just said, taking a step back, this is more than just pent-up demand. It's a reflection of what we do is a need to have versus a nice to have the funding environment, as I referenced both budgets and stimulus is strong. We've refreshed a lot of the portfolio on the product side. We've made a conscious investment in go-to-market channels and feet on The Street we've continued to acquire. We've got the benefit of the National Defense Authorization Act. More revenue is software and services oriented. So I think there's a lot of different positive ingredients in the blender here that continue to fuel our growth going forward.
Greg Brown: Yes, I think PCR is where the supply chain challenges most acute. It grew in Q3. It will grow for the full year, Kyle probably as we match supply and demand and it's fluid, it will, we expect it to end up about mid to high-single-digit growth with a reasonable chunk of delinquent backlog for us to execute against in 2022.
Greg Brown: I appreciate the question. So just to remind you, I think, Adam, that the contract for Airwave runs through all of next year through 2022. ESN under its current construct runs through all of 2024. We've been in active conversations with the UK home office. They have expressed the desire to extend the Airwave contract. That's underpinned the ongoing conversations we've had. We also obviously are involved with the CMA and are adhering to the process that they've outlined. I think the process will take several months. It will go into well into 2022. There's really nothing more to say on it, on that front, other than we continue to make the investments in the network as well, to keep it current, to keep it reliable, the service levels to the end user customer, and no disruption to that are the absolute utmost importance. And we'll continue the dialogue with both the UK home office and the CMA, and, I am hopeful that we'll have constructive outcomes, but we'll see how it plays out over the next several months. But I do appreciate you bringing it up.
Greg Brown: It's a great question, Trevor. I think the most acute challenges we've had year-to-date were undoubtedly in Q3. I think they're continuing in Q4. So if I look at 2021, definitely the most pain on supply chain we've experienced is in Q3. And we expect to experience in Q4. I think the environment will be rugged and challenging through the first half, at least the first half of 2022. And that's informing obviously the guide for the remainder of the year, although we're raising top and bottom, and it informs the linearity that Jason referred to earlier around Q1.
Greg Brown: So Louie, first let's attack the APX NEXT piece. It's very early days. We're really, really pleased. So we announced it in '19, obviously last year during the COVID year, I would say, we had -- the market was somewhat stalled in the first and second quarter. We've seen a significant ramp up in terms of orders since then. But all day long we've talked about, you've heard me make mentioned before. This is typically a three to five-year cycle where we start getting some material, a refresh within our customers base U.S. about an inning. I'd say we're in the top of the second inning potentially. We have room to run here in terms of APX NEXT. The second question was related to the MXP600 in Europe and it's again, very early days. We've had some market success. But the interesting thing to point out for both the APX NEXT, as well as the MXP is those were designed for very high tier part of the market. So that's attractive, but the reality is we're going to be feathering in mid-tier and entry tier on both the APX NEXT line, as well as the MXP line. So we're really encouraged by that because that starts to get to the need of the market, so to speak. So I think that answers your question.
Greg Brown: It depends on the mix and a large part of that's PCR. So it's probably a little left of center. But in general, you can do the math as you've done around, what does contribution could be at? I'd add further color around the supply chain costs that we are seeing in order to get the requisite supply. There are increasing costs. I mentioned freight before many companies like us are facing higher freight costs, the number that we're embedding in the P&L this year for higher premiums is nearly $45 million on the year was a lot of that in the second half. And then as I looked at Q4 and the plans we put together for Q4 having to buy and get these materials, not only through expedited freight, but also through other means through brokers and distribution and the like is adding about $20 million of pressure to what we had planned for Q4. So those things are in the mix too. We're doing what's necessary to get the supply that we can get.
Greg Brown: Those are the numbers that we've shared are our estimates within what we were facing. So I think you've got correctly captured, yes.
Greg Brown: Yeah. I think, and Jack can jump in. I think the $330 million you referenced was an estimate for 2021 for public sector contribution. And I think we're holding to that number. So I don't think we have an update on that front and on body-worn, Jack if you want to.
Greg Brown: And Ben when you total up those buckets within the rescue plan that Jack just described, it's over a $0.5 trillion that is available to our end users, $350 billion in state and local, by the way, that's multi-year and goes through the end of '24. So hence why we both see and believe that the environment multi-year and what we're seeing in the pipeline is pretty good.
Greg Brown: It's the analytics, it's the AI at the edge. It's all the things we do. I made mention earlier that we've invested into our Avigilon cloud services. We've now got meaningful connections on that, and that'll be another way for customers to get upgrades. And I think make they keeping current on software, software maintenance more dynamic as well.
Greg Brown: So, two things Mahesh used this -- made a comment, and this is something that Mahesh and I talk about all the time. It's meet customers, where they are. So some customers have a different -- they're on different investment journey. Some may want to buy from different vendors, what we're incenting our sales team to do. And this is really important. And this actually started in 2020 is incenting them, and they have a chance to make some pretty significant incentives to sell full suite integrated networks, where they're using all pieces of our command center software technology. That's the goal. We think they've got the right relationships and what they'll need to do is go continue to execute on that and find more and more Yonkers.
Greg Brown: Sure. Jim. Yes, no. I was talking about 7% revenue growth in 2022 full company view and then software and services being around 10% revenue growth within that envelope. That's kind of what we see at this point in time. And then the details and more color we'd give a quarter from now.
Greg Brown: Thank you. Listen, I just want to say thank you to the whole management team, but also to all the employees in MSI. I mean, there's so many good things going on, but it's a tough environment. I want to thank the people on the frontline, the sales organization, that's really executing well and contributing to Q3 record backlogs supply. You hear it with every company. You hear it all the time, but the supply chain environment, as we said, challenging in Q3, remains challenging in Q4. And I just think the team here in mixing and matching and there's more fluidity and uncertainty in supply chain in Q3 and Q4 than we've had in prior periods. And I think the adaptability staying in touch and close touch with key suppliers. I appreciate all that. Everybody on the support teams and back office and support functions in particularly HR and Karen Dunning and Terry Bell, because we have, it's a tough environment. We have vaccine mandate compliance requirements. We're always following rules and regulations by facility and by state and Karen and Terry, Mark Hacker phenomenal. I'm thrilled with Q3 and the results across the board. I'm proud that we're able to for three consecutive quarters' raise top and bottom line. And I think we're really well positioned going into 2022, despite the challenges we have, but we'll stick together, like we always do. We'll be flexible and will continue to be steadfast and focused. And I appreciate everybody's contribution onward and upward. And thank you everybody.
Jack Molloy: Just the only other thing, I think, first of all, new product introduction, both in terms of cameras, but also moving pivoting the capability for the move to the cloud. I think also you look at it from an acquisition standpoint. We've acquired Openpath, who's really quite frankly, a game changer from the access control standpoint. This week, Tim, we announced the acquisition of Envysion. So you can look at that as a way for us to get more vertically focused in terms of our solution. And as Greg talked about in the past, one of the reasons we acquired Pelco and IndigoVision was to add greater international scale. We've invested heavily in go-to-market North America. I think the next frontier will be in Europe, Middle East, and Africa.
Jack Molloy: Yes, Kyle. So to your point it's been a very good first three quarters of the year. We actually expect that performance to continue. We're sitting on record backlog of $631 million year-over-year, and that's not only historically. We'd look at that and say, that's North America phenomenon. I think the strength of the story here, it's North America performance. So it's large scale device refresh. It's statewide infrastructure upgrades. Some of which were in further discussions through ARP funding, which will play out over the course of the next few years, but also internationally, we've been in receipt of two large orders from the German defense as well as a Romanian upgrade as well. So again, we've been really pleased the performance to date. We expect that performance to continue.
Jack Molloy: Paul, with body-worn so record unit shipments in Q3, really pleased with that. We've talked about as active customers, our customers want that alternative. We think we filled that really well. The other thing I'd say is, we're uniquely positioned internationally, given our scale and global presence. We talked about the French NOI they've actually put subsequent orders into Q3. Mahesh just referenced M500. So we think we're in a good position right now in body-worn car.
Jack Molloy: Okay. So first of all, Greg said it earlier and I think it's always important to point out, but we're in a unique position because really what we do is all need to have, it's not nice to have. So I'd kind of decompose the American rescue plan conversation to a few different things. We have public safety and that's everything from P25 statewide and local networks to command center software. We're in pretty consistent dialogue with our customers regularly in public safety who had what we call shovel ready projects or things that maybe would have been a mid-tier kind of midterm need. And we're in conversations on how they may fund those things. Now, the other benefit is state and local receipts actually particular at the state level revenues are up as well. So Greg made a comment earlier about funding environment, the funding environment, I would say, doing business in public safety in 28 years, it's the best I've ever seen as well. So I would say, we're in a really good position there both on the P25 landscape, infrastructure upgrades and devices, as well as command center software. Our teams, the one thing our sales team does, we think they're really good at technology. We think they're better and they're experts at getting deals funded. So we think that's going to benefit us there. The second thing, I would say the other technology sleeve, that's going to benefit significantly as video security and access control. If you think about education alone, school funding, $170 billion pointed to that market, and really when kids have come back to school, the first thing they're talking about is they're talking about, how do we bring them back in a safe manner? One of the things our team did over the COVID we talked about this was to write COVID dashboard. So if you connect to a Avigilon cloud services, you get our COVID dashboard gives social distancing who went through what door. This is all really pertinent information. And we think our school superintendent, security directors are really interested in our technology here. The last thing, I would say is, there's money being pointed at airports and transit $35 billion as they reopen, many of them are upgrading both the radio networks. So we've got opportunities for PCR with all the major airlines, as well as our consoles in the command center space. And then ultimately also video security, how do they protect the perimeter security? How do they get better information? So I would say across all three of our technology continuums, as well as our services business, the money, the environment we're in a good spot. We think our sales team is poised to execute.
Jack Molloy: And the last thing Fahad, I'd say on that is, you hear Greg talk a lot about acquisitions. I'll hit again on Envysion. That's approximately $25 million in recurring revenue. There you think about Openpath which is an access control recurring revenue model access control. And so there were re-envisioning that business as well. So I just -- those are other things that really are more software driven, recurring revenue model business, and that's really where we're pushing the business.
Jason Winkler: And just in terms of specific things that we're doing a core tenet for us is always to meet customers where they are. That's a part of our product strategy. Many of our customers have invested in some sophisticated IT infrastructure on-premises, and they would like to continue to benefit from those investments, but they also know that certain cloud capabilities are just better. Those capabilities are just better delivered through the cloud, and we want to give the customers the flexibility to choose and to move to the cloud in their own timeline. And so with relation to that, we're offering flexibility in deployment via hybrid offerings, and we're doing three specific things there. One, we're offering our on-prem solutions, inclusive of CAD and Records on a subscription basis. We're going to be integrating the capabilities, both existing and new capabilities in command central cloud with our on-prem solutions to allow our customers to choose what capabilities they would like to consume from the cloud. And third, cybersecurity is a very important consideration, regardless of whether the solution is deployed on-prem or whether it's in the cloud or integrating cybersecurity monitoring as a service into both the solutions as a whole. I think all of that combined really accelerates the adoption of cloud capabilities across all our customers.
Jason Winkler: And Sami, to mention the second part of your question with respect to Fed, it's roughly 8% of our revenues. Well, we're having another strong year in Fed like last year. So 8% of revenues is, is its contribution to us. It's one in totality. It's one of our largest customers.
Jason Winkler: As we look at next year and plan for it, the linearity we're looking at for Q1 is more consistent with 2019, about 21%. In fact, the 2019 first half, or the entirety of the linearity of that year looks to be a better indicator for what we see in terms of supply chain and the planning we're doing for the business.
Jason Winkler: Yes, demand is definitely exceeding supply. And the other thing about our backlog, particularly in products is approximately half of it's expected to turn into revenue within 12 months. So there's a longer duration impact of some of the deals Jack mentioned where we're deploying, implementing, and they benefit the revenue stream over a longer period.
Jason Winkler: Sure. So thanks for the question. So one thing that's we're pleased with the operating margin expansion in products. One thing that we are benefiting from is the prioritization of our portfolio to public safety. So that's a favorable mix element around margins and ASP's. As Greg mentioned and Jack we're constrained more so in PCR, which is a bit on the lower tier. So favorable mix is definitely improving what you see in Q3, we're pleased with the OE performance on the year. I would also remind you that as we began the year and plan this year at the OE line for the company, we were facing $100 million dollar year-over-year increase in incentives, as we reset the plans to 100% coming off of last year where we only paid half. So the bulk of that $100 million for the year is in the product segment. So we're expanding, operating margins despite overcoming that additional P&L burden. In terms of its outlook, we're continuing to manage through higher input costs, higher freight, but our plans with the growth that we've talked about, we will continue even in the face of higher supply costs to expand operating margins in that segment.
Jason Winkler: And I'd also add in terms of what we're doing to manage through a difficult environment. Number one, we're prioritizing our customer needs, and that starts with public safety. Additionally, Motorola has world-class engineering across the organization. Jack's team is helping think through alternative designs where engineers very quickly find parts that are available when one part is constrained. So our teams are doing a good job there. Each one of us here on the call have supplier relationships that we have C level dialogues going on so that we can get our allocations. And finally, we're carrying higher inventory as well to manage the environment.
Jason Winkler: No, Louie, I think our comments or my comments around the linearity that we're planning for reflect our views of the supply chain, particularly for Q1 in the first half of next year, limiting our ability to fulfill the very good demand that's there and yes, for things to improve in the second half and to have a good year that Greg mentioned of planning for about 7% in total revenue growth.
Jason Winkler: The components' is the $20 million number in Q4. Freight is an annual number. Paul that we've been bearing all along and on its annual basis, it's $45 million, about $20 million in the first half and $25 million in the second half, that's the freight higher costs. The ocean and air both are exorbitant prices right now. And we're having to mix two more faster delivery methods, which is causing a higher freight cost as well.
Jason Winkler: Yes. We've been looking carefully at our portfolio throughout the year. We've made a few surgical adjustments in LMR primarily in North America and also in fixed video. We'll continue to look at that. Another opportunity for us is we have constant new product releases and oftentimes as Jack mentioned, APX NEXT, for example. We typically release at the higher part of the portfolio. And with that presents a mix opportunity to offset some of the costs that we discussed earlier. So we'll continue to look at it carefully, and of course, monitoring, what is a very competitive in market that we're in both LMR and fixed video.
Jason Winkler: Yes. In total, I'll give it to you by a segment real quick. It was -- in products, it was $12 million and in services and software, it was only $3 million.
Jason Winkler: So Fahad, this year for products, for example, we're expecting mid to high, probably closer to high-single-digit growth services and software is low double digits. There is some leading indicator as products grow you're right. There's some services attached to it that come after the sale, the bulk, however, of our services and software growth is around not product attacks, task, but rather command center software, video software and things like software upgrade programs and the likes that are on existing install bases. So those are the key drivers within S&S. It's less product attached. It's more the unique offerings we have in the value propositions around services and software that are driving the low double digit growth in services and software.
Jason Winkler: So with respect to video in the disaggregation within services and software, the video number within services and software is largely software. It's a minimally services business because we go through distribution partners, integrators and the likes. So think of that video software number within S&S as being predominantly software, things like our video management system, BMS ACC and others are offers within in-car video. Our -- what's -- more in that case, it's real pure software and a terrific business, somewhat product detached, but also standalone in terms of how we sell it.
Jason Winkler: Yes. And particularly that connections to the clouds and the work that Jack's doing with his team are leading to many new business opportunities hundreds of thousands of cameras, thousands of sites. And the business is really moving in that direction to cloud enabled.
Jason Winkler: Jim, it's Jason. It's some of what I discussed earlier with Paul around supply chain costs, but additionally, it is higher OpEx in Q4 for funding the two acquisitions that we just brought into the fold of Openpath exactly and Envysion, which is driving our envelope to 1950 for the year. Those are -- we're very happy to fund those within the OpEx line, great companies. That's also a factoring into the math that you're doing.
Mahesh Saptharishi: No. WatchGuard for the past 10 years has been the leader in in-car video of body-worn and the M500 is really a product of all the insights and the excellent feedback we've gotten from those customers. And candidly, I think the M500 improves upon the core features of the four RE, which is the current in-car video solution from WatchGuard. We improve on our synchronized playback capability, which is something that is that tight integration with our body-worn camera and our in-car video solution, so that you can get a perspective of what's happening in the incident in a time synchronized manner. This is something that is very unique to what we do. Record after the fact is a very unique capability that we have within the WatchGuard portfolio. And we have a dedicated display capability in the product, which is something that we've got an excellent feedback from our customers on. It allows you to both record review and tag a video with a dedicated display. In addition to that, what M500 brings to the table is ALPR capabilities. ALPR capabilities, not just with watch lists, but also integrated with our learn platform, which has the largest database of play treats out there. That's time and location stamped, which allows for great real-time forensics and investigation capability. And to the rear camera in the M500 platform, we have added passenger analytics capabilities so that when a passenger is detected, we can actually effectively trigger recordings as an option, configurable within the system. The platform itself is AI-enabled to the point where now we can add new capabilities in the future via simple firmware upgrade. So it's actually future-proof for customers as well. So all in, this is a very unique and a powerful in-car video platform, that's a product of all the experience that we've gained over the past 10 years.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Yes, I think you can think about this -- across the incident life cycle. We have products today that touch on every aspect of that incident lifecycle, a fixed video from Avigilon really gives you that pre-incident view, but also gives you that view during the incident integrated into or being management solution, but also coming into our command central aware platform as well. Then you have CommandCentral suite products across the board. Then you have vigilant ALPR solution. That was part of that equation as well, to enable fast investigations. Leveraging both the fixed camera solution, but also ALPR cameras as well, body-worn cameras feeding into that same evidence platform adding to the mix and then mass notification was also part of the story there. So all that together, it really gives you a view of an integration between those products really enabling effective incident response. And I think that was the value to Yonkers.
Mahesh Saptharishi: I'll just add to that. Just after that so 75% of our orders in Q3 were either new customers' ordering more than one of our platforms or adding to existing Motorola Solutions, really leveraging that tight integration between them all.
