Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll now share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q1 was an outstanding quarter and a strong foundation for what I expect to be an excellent 2018. Total revenue grew 15%, with organic revenue up 10%, and we grew organically in every region led by North America organic growth of 8%. Second, we're raising full-year guidance for both revenue and EPS on continued growth throughout the year. We now expect full-year 2018 revenue growth of approximately 14%, which includes organic constant currency growth of about 4%, up versus our prior guidance of about 2.5%, and we now expect higher EPS of $6.70 to $6.85. And finally, our LMR business continues to perform exceptionally well. We grew revenue in every region. We grew EPS by 55% and we ended the quarter with record backlog. This strong performance, coupled with the acquisition of Avigilon, which increases our total addressable market by $11 billion-plus, provides strong momentum for the remainder of 2018 and beyond. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q1 results and outlook, before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with two thoughts. First, Q1 was a great start with overall growth of 15% and organic growth of 10%, but I'm particularly pleased with our record backlog position, which further reinforces my confidence in raising our full-year guidance. Second, I want to update you on our progress with the UK Home Office and our Airwave contract. Since I last referenced this a couple of months ago at our Financial Analyst Meeting, our discussions have been ongoing, active and productive. As a result, we now believe the Airwave contract will be extended by five or more years. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris.
Gregory Q. Brown: Matt, I think that on the first part I just think the overall demand is strong, which is reflected in our performance both for Q1 and embedded contextually in why we're raising the full year. Now, it's worth noting that in Q1 we had the largest shipment we've ever had in the history of the company in a Q1. That was four times larger than the next largest shipment, and that's great. But even absent that, overall demand remains quite solid. If you normalize for that, I think it's more informative to look kind of first half, second half and full year. And when you do that, first half organic growth constant currency is about 4%, second half is 4% and the full year is 4%. I think our aged backlog position and record backlog position overall coming out of Q1 supplements that. So I wouldn't get too caught up. We don't look at it as a deceleration normalized for that large order. We look at it more as a constant linearity of demand throughout the year.
Gregory Q. Brown: First part, I think our expectation is we would look to finalize the agreement either this quarter or next quarter. And any extension of backlog that's contemplated in that extension of that agreement is not contemplated in the overall backlog or the Services segment backlog.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, I think Kelly Mark is doing some really good work on the Services side and on cost of goods and cost of delivery, as well as Jack. We reviewed that a few days ago. So, specifically on the Services gross margin, we do expect Services gross margin to be up this year over last year. Good work (20:44)
Gregory Q. Brown: We continue to work closely with AT&T. We had minimal revenue, virtually none, in Q1 from any contribution as it relates to FirstNet activity. We have talked about annual revenue guidance of $20 million to $40 million. Candidly, we're in May. We look at Q1. I know there's a lot of work to be done. I know a lot of good work is being done. As Jack and I talk about this opportunity, I think we're going to be anchored more towards the low end of that guidance on revenue for 2018. But we continue to work closely with our customers and with our partner AT&T.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. Kyle, a couple of things. As Jack just referenced, I think there's a number of ways we can extend, expand the Avigilon reach with: A, into the federal business; B, with global partners; and C, working with our direct sales team in the commercial markets, utilities, oil, gas and other critical verticals. I think the way we're modeling this business and what's contemplated in our full-year growth is a double-digit revenue growth comparable to last year. Look, they were a public company. You've seen what they did. I think they were $353 million to $408 million, publicly traded on the Vancouver Exchange. That kind of growth rate is our current expectation by the way. I mean, I think we want to be very prudent in modeling the business and don't get out ahead of our headlights. But there's no question the demand is pretty strong. Video is there. I think there's tremendous synergies and we'll update you accordingly between execution between now and the end of the year.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think it's too early to tell. I mean, we're about 75% government and public safety and 25% commercial markets overall. Obviously, the opportunity is open-field running on federal and public safety. I think it's too early to predict a revenue composition per se, but clearly the opportunity is there.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. We were pleased with backlog. It is very seasonally normal for this business, where overall backlog declines from a very robust Q4 into Q1. It was flat, which I think is another demand indicator, positively in terms of the trends and what we're seeing.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yeah. And I'll let jump Jack jump in too. But I don't see any obstacles. And as Jack referenced, we're keeping Avigilon basically intact as a wholly-owned subsidiary. They do a different thing than we do. So I don't want to disrupt or unintendedly put any organizational or operational obstacles. This is a very well-run company. We want to add capital to it. We want to add people to the sales force. We want to invest more. Avigilon is all about top-line growth. So I think it's a channel story, which is why it sits under Molloy, both direct, indirect and federal. And Jack's been given the green light by Gino and myself to provide the necessary capital investment to facilitate the growth that's in front of it.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, remember, FirstNet through the lens of us, the partner, provides economic contribution in three ways; device sales, mainly push-to-talk device sales; mission-critical software applications; and thirdly, interoperability between LMR and public safety LTE. Now, AT&T reported recently, they talked about some traction and uplift on their own results. I won't speak for them as it relates to FirstNet. But, for us, what matters is FirstNet users that are utilizing push-to-talk and we can only report on our end. And again, as Jack referenced, the revenue contribution was virtually $0 in Q1. And the low end of guidance that we're anchoring now more toward on the $20 million to $40 million simply reflects our expectation based on the current view and Q1 around FirstNet's ability to provide economic impact to us, mainly through push-to-talk or related push-to-talk.
Gregory Q. Brown: Avigilon is primarily Product and has very little recurring. Overall, by the way, just from a Motorola Solutions standpoint, our recurring revenue was 34% coming out of Q1 as an overall enterprise, which of course we like. Now Avigilon has very little recurring revenue. So, as more that revenue gets contemplated and factored into the full year, that number may compress a little bit. But absent Avigilon, we like the annual recurring revenue trends of the inherent business.
Gregory Q. Brown: And I think his other question was, do you see any Services content that could attach to that shipment.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah. Keith, this is Gino. Our expectation for margin for 2018 is for margin to be up slightly, even if we exclude ASC 606. Clearly, with the $75 million of incremental revenue, that's expansion in the Product segment. So the way to think about it is we expect Services gross margin to be up year-over-year. We expect Product margins to be comparable to what they were in 2017 and, overall, we do expect margin expansion in 2018.
Gino A. Bonanotte: So, Vijay, this is Gino. From the full-year, OpEx we expect to be $1.8 billion versus $1.54 billion in 2017. Approximately $200 million of that comes from the acquisitions from Plant and Avigilon, and $75 million from ASC 606, which is the accounting change. The underlying business we continue to expect to be down approximately $20 million from 2017.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yeah. Kyle, this is Gino. Avigilon doesn't come with a tremendous amount of backlog. It's in-quarter activity. So it was minimal. The Plant backlog was about $200 million and there was the last – oh, ASC 606 was a reduction in backlog of a little over $100 million.
John P. Molloy: Yeah. So, Vijay, I'll start with – it's Jack. I'll start with Avigilon. Early days been very impressed. Avigilon is a great company. I think the thing that we've spent our time is really around creation of revenue synergy. Obviously, as Greg has alluded to in the previous call, we kept this company as operating as they were before. And we've got a couple significant opportunities. First and foremost, the United States Federal Government. Avigilon did not sell into the Fed's space, either the federal or the military space. We have opportunities really throughout that market. And obviously, we're using our direct sales force as a conduit or a channel to the Federal Government. The second piece is in the U.S. and the public safety market. A lot of these, like, safe city, the Detroit Green Light like projects, we've got a list of probably 30 or 40 targeted cities that we're working with Avigilon and going after. And the last thing is really heavy industry or enterprise Fortune kind of 300 kind of companies in both North America but throughout the world, and we're also looking to work closely with them on that. So, from an Avigilon perspective, obviously great company. We think we've got opportunities. We've talked about our growth rates in 2018 for Avigilon as we modeled them are comparable to 2017.
John P. Molloy: Yeah. And Greg, maybe just one follow-on. Mike, so from an enterprise and commercial market perspective, frankly, they do a superb job. They've got a channel that serves that market very well. So we think the incremental lift we can provide them, maybe at some heavy industry kind of companies I talked about. But interestingly enough, they don't do much business because they were a smaller company and they found that the business turned better, focused on enterprise securities space. They haven't focused on public safety. Now, we have done large cities. Obviously, we manage the City of Chicago's video network, which is the largest public safety video network in the country. We've done Cleveland and the Detroit project as well. So we really – frankly, James Henderson and I have talked about this. We look at government and public safety as, frankly, open space. And we think that is a market, obviously, our sales team knows very well and we think there's only uplift as it applies to public safety and government in terms of Avigilon.
John P. Molloy: Jim, it's Jack. And I believe the question was around the large shipment that Greg referenced in the prepared remarks. We always had that $60 million opportunity factored into the revenue in the year. We were going through some bureaucratic challenges within the customer and we were able to alleviate and work through. And so, obviously, we moved the deal early into the year into Q1. But no, that $60 million, we shouldn't think of that as something that was based on timing. We just accelerated the full project and turned the revenue in the first quarter.
