Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Q2 highlighted another strong quarter for Motorola Solutions as we delivered strong sales growth and operating leverage, resulting in excellent earnings growth. In addition, we continue to place a high priority on the return of capital to shareholders through our quarterly dividend and share repurchase program. This morning, we reported record second quarter sales of $2.1 billion, which represents an increase of 8% from Q2 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.60 per share from continuing operations compared to $0.14 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.70 per share compared to $0.54 per share in Q2 of last year, which represents a 30% increase. For the remainder of this call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Our Government business revenues increased 14%, a record second quarter. This reflects broad-based growth across all of our regions driven by a combination of factors, including core market growth, new product introductions and narrow banding in the United States. Operating margins in the Government business improved 330 basis points year-over-year to 16.4% due to the sizable growth in sales across our portfolio coupled with our continued focus on cost management. In our Enterprise business, sales declined 2% from the year-ago quarter, including an anticipated iDEN decline. We've seen this business impacted by a number of factors, including most notably a tougher macroeconomic environment, especially within Europe, coupled with foreign currency headwinds. Let me spend a moment on capital allocation. During Q2, we paid $64 million in dividends and repurchased $439 million in stock, bringing the total repurchase amount to $2.9 billion since the program was announced approximately 12 months ago. One year ago, we initiated a dividend, authorized a repurchase program and introduced a capital allocation framework. Today, I'm pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has approved an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.26 per share, an increase of 18%. In addition, our board has increased our share repurchase authorization by $2 billion, bringing the total to $5 billion. These announcements reflect the continued confidence we have in our business, as well as our earnings growth and cash flow generation opportunities. Ed will speak more on this topic later in the call. I'll now turn it over to Ed Fitzpatrick to discuss our financial results in more detail. I'll then return to discuss operational highlights and provide additional commentary and perspective on our overall business performance.
Gregory Q. Brown: I just think that you'll see us continue to focus on cost management overall as we look forward for the second half of the year. In terms of R&D, we've talked in the past that we would expect R&D and G&A and other major functions on an annual basis to typically trend and improve from a leverage standpoint as a lower percentage against revenue. So when we look at below gross margin costs against overall revenues, we would expect to be able to continue to get improvement year-over-year.
Gregory Q. Brown: So just a couple of things, Jeff. As we look to the remainder of the year, we now expect the Government segment to grow in the upper single digits and Enterprise to be relatively flat, of course, including iDEN for the year. I think the moderation in the update in Enterprise is a reflection of the macroeconomic conditions, particularly in Europe, as well as the foreign currency headwinds. Enterprise actually grew in all other regions. If you look at Q3 and you look at our revenue guidance of 3%, I remind you that a year ago, our Q3 comp of last year was an exceptionally strong quarter overall at 10%, so that's one factor to consider. We expect continued decline in the iDEN business in Q3 of approximately $20 million. And we expect the headwinds around foreign currency in Q3 to be about approximately $30 million of top line. So when you think through the previous year comps, you incorporate the continued decline of iDEN and then the incremental headwinds of foreign currency led by the euro. Those are the ingredients that factor in. Now having said that, we're still raising full year revenue guidance from about 5% to 5% to 6%. And we'll continue to manage our costs closely and look to get continued improvement in leverage over the next few quarters.
Gregory Q. Brown: No. What I was just commenting earlier that Enterprise was up outside of Europe and the regions. Without iDEN, it was up slightly.
Gregory Q. Brown: So I'll take the last part of that 3-parter first on Government. Obviously, we're very pleased with the record Q2 of 14%. If we look at the growth of that and what makes it up, I would say 11% of the 14% are coming more or less from half of our core market growth, which includes continued expansion in both North America and international and the other half from a continued investment in R&D that has allowed for the expansion of new products and innovation. And probably 3% as best our estimate of the 14% is driven by narrow banding here in the U.S. Now that said, we typically usually have structural drivers that continue to require our customers to upgrade and invest, whether it's in the prior periods. Years ago, it was Nextel re-banding. It continues to be analog to digital, not only here under the narrow banding mandate in the U.S., but the drive for analog to digital internationally. There'll be some number of customers that won't meet the narrow banding mandate by the end of the year, so they'll continue to invest in more spectrum-efficient radios and mobiles and infrastructure. And then also, as you know, there's a number of aged customer installations that are there throughout North America and in other geographies that we will look to migrate and upgrade accordingly. So if you look at the 14%, our best estimate is that 3% of the 14% is narrow banding in the U.S., but 11% is still very strong, driven by core market growth and the expansion of our new products. In terms of Enterprise, I'll let Mark say a few words.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I would say just generally our visibility levels remain unchanged, Craig, which I think is good news. We're just trying to have the guidance reflective of the macro conditions under which we're competing. But as Mark referenced, backlog normalized for foreign exchange was relatively flat. And we're focused to execute on Q3 and knowing that 3%, while it doesn't sound fantastic when you look at the subcomponents and the ingredients and compare it to a very strong comp previous, I think we'll continue to perform as we expect. And we'll manage all the levers available to us, and we're not confused in terms of what needs to be done.
Gregory Q. Brown: Ehud, on the first part, look, I just think that we've had fantastic growth, obviously, records in Q1 and Q2. We're just being a little bit more tempered. We know that Q3 as a comp was higher, as I mentioned. We have some incremental headwinds, as do many other companies, around foreign currency. I just think we're being cautious. And in this environment, while we're confident of the business and confident as ever in the product portfolio and the underlying drivers, it just -- I think we think it makes sense to be a little bit more cautious now.
Gregory Q. Brown: And Ehud, in terms of iDEN, it's in line pretty much with our expectations in terms of the continued decline for the year 2012. We're now tracking for iDEN to be about $270 million in revenue for the year.
Gregory Q. Brown: So in order of your questions. You're right. Psion is not included in our second half guidance. The transaction is not closed yet. We're anticipating that to be, Jim, in Q4. Second, we continue to operate under the constraints of austerity, if you will, with governments across the world. But interestingly, and you've seen the Government post 14% in Q2, our segment, our state and local business in particular, is really strong. And I think that's a reflection on, we've talked about it before, the prioritization of mission-critical public safety, the deployment of additional technologies beyond just radios, whether it's video surveillance or integrated command-and-control or dispatch software or other kinds of technology deployments that make First Responders more productive. It's a continued reflection on the high return on investment of what we sell. Remember, with all of this, there's no usage associated on a private network as these devices and subscriber units get deployed, unlike a cellular system that has per-minute charges. There is no usage cost at all. And of course, the durability and reliability and long installed base of 10, 15, sometimes north of 20 years, all lend themselves positively as drivers for First Responders to prioritize this. I think your last comment is also correct that what we have found with our business overall is that it's stable. It is sticky and, we believe, largely sustainable. And oftentimes, our installed base and our incumbency allow us to continue the relationships with clients and allow us the dialogue to add equipment and upgrade and refresh and sell new solutions on top of the relationships and systems we have, and we think that's a good position to be in.
Gregory Q. Brown: Not really, no. As I mentioned earlier, I think our visibility has remained reasonably consistent. We've moderated to adjust for the segment, Government being a little bit stronger than we thought, anticipating and managing the Enterprise headwinds mainly out of Europe and macroeconomic and with foreign currency. I mean, obviously, foreign currency was the one in the last 30 to 45 days where the euro dropped pretty sharply from $1.32 or $1.31 to $1.22. So we certainly didn't anticipate that. But that's, as Ed talked about, the guidance for the second half, for Q3 and Q4, assumes the euro at about $1.21. So we think we've incorporated that in accordingly.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, so we -- our mobile computing portfolio in all products is supported by Microsoft with the exception of our rugged tablet, the ET1, which came out with Android. We did that because the operating system that was required was a touch-based OS, and Microsoft is in the middle of transition. The majority of our Microsoft product is Windows 6.5.3 or Windows Embedded Handheld. And we’re anxiously enthusiastic about Windows Phone 8. That's got to get into the market in October and then needs to be incorporated with the appropriate enterprise features, enterprise class features that would make it attractive for us. So we've always been Microsoft. We've diversified in Android because of the requirements of our clients and the feature set that they need. I would expect us to continue to engage in both going forward. But I am cautiously optimistic that we can work more closely with Microsoft than Win Phone 8, and we'll see when it ships and what feature sets in there. And we'd like to work collaboratively with them on a joint roadmap for clients, especially on the deployment of that OS, the developer ecosystem and the individual feature sets that required for a durable Enterprise grade set of devices.
Gregory Q. Brown: I don't think so. I don't think so because our customers are different than the consumer. So they have customized software apps on 6.5 or Windows Embedded. And I don't think there's a risk of that, that we see at this point. On visibility, I've talked about, Tim, that in any given quarter, we have about roughly 80% visibility into that quarter going in. I would say that remains the same for Q3 and is incorporated into the guidance we've given you here at 3% revenue growth all in and $0.69 to $0.74 per share on EPS.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. On the Government growth, as we said, for the remainder -- for the full year, we're now expecting Government on an annualized basis in 2012 to be high single digits. Kulbinder, I wouldn't forecast anything beyond that. I'd like to see things develop, and we would watch the developments as a team between now and the remainder of the year and then update you on 2013 at that point in time. And in terms of buybacks, Ed said it well. Obviously, we were aggressive buying back $2.9 billion in the last 12 months. That reflected 2 things, the value of which we thought we would -- that's there in buying back the shares and the sub-optimal excess cash on our balance sheet, which required that sense of urgency. We're pleased that the board's authorized the additional $2 billion. We'll be opportunistic. And that will be a key tool in helping us move towards net debt. We wouldn't get into specific levels of buying at what levels or price points beyond that, but we feel well positioned for us to move forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: So Mark and I will tag-team this. I don't think we see a big shift to BYOD per se. We do see continued demand for WLAN. Q2 was down in WLAN for us due to a substantially higher Q2 comp a year ago. We do very well in the targeted verticals, particularly retail and transportation and logistics, where we're aligned with great channel reach. But overall, I think that share’s modestly down in WLAN. I don't think that we've seen any chilling of demand. We still expect for the full year for it to have solid full year growth and be generally in line with what we expected. So I don't think anything beyond that.
Gregory Q. Brown: We actually have a pretty good funnel of engagement around WLAN or managed WLAN networks, a lot in retail and in the Enterprise segments. We still think it will grow double digit, but I don't know if it will grow as robustly as it did last year. I think the whole industry was north of 30% or 35%, so it's TBD on that.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So Peter, I think the strategy is really just a continuation of what we outlined last year with the capital allocation model, a piece described, the dividend, 30%; 25% to CapEx; and that 45% to share repurchase and/or acquisitions. So I think that hasn't changed. The other key tenet is that the capital structure, really, will be driven off of an adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA metric of around 2 such that the debt levels will be calculated based upon our ability to bear and our improvements in EBITDA. So I think that's really the way we're looking at it and the way we're modeling it going forward.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Jeff, you also asked, I think, a question about linearity or seasonality in the quarter. I heard you say something about Q4. So as we’ve talked about before, as our quarters progress, Q1 is typically always the lowest quarter. We step function up to Q2. Q3 is usually typically in line with Q2, sometimes up, sometimes down. And then we typically do step function up in Q4 from a seasonality perspective.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes. I think Greg talked about the top line about $30 million -- $30 million top line impact for Q3. But I'd say it's $30 million to $35 million, and that contemplates us in and around the current euro exchange rate of $1.21 today.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And on the pension piece, Tavis, as you know, and I saw your note on it, I think you had it right. The change in the calculation of the discount rate should lead to a higher discount rate, which would lead to a lowering of the required annual cash funding. So that's something that we would look at and contemplate if that makes sense strategically going forward to close the funding deficit. Also included in the bill are some PBGC fees that are scheduled to go up starting in 2014. So we're going to assess all that in line with the overall strategies on pension as we go forward here, and we'll come back to you later in the year with our plans to address.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Without iDEN. I mean, I think the one big region there is Latin America. So I think his comment is correct. I mean, I think that Mark may have mentioned it, but I think in Europe, we talked last quarter that it was -- that Enterprise was down, primarily driven by FX. Otherwise, it was relatively flat. This quarter, it was down due to FX. We actually were up net of the FX, right? So it was -- I think we're holding our own in EMEA.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: No, I think it's -- Greg can add. I think our coming out of the gate as the separate public entity MSI, we thought it was appropriate to have an end date there to ensure that everyone knew, investors and also like -- that we had a sense of urgency on return of capital to shareholders. We think we've demonstrated that. We will continue with the program and be deliberate over a timeline here but also be opportunistic as we were in prior periods. So I think we're going to get at it, as you guys have seen us do in the past, and we'll continue to execute.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: It's a combination of both. So if I talk about Q2, we talked about, about $20 million of impact to operating margins as a result of the decline, largely driven by the euro. The top line growth impact there was about $30 million, and the margin impact was about 20, right? So if you look into Q3, there was also a bottom -- there was also below operating earnings related charges. You mentioned about $20 million. That was driven by balance sheet -- the fluctuation in the foreign currency and the net unhedged positions caused about a $20 million impact as we moved for the quarter. If we move into Q3, I'd say you should expect relatively similar impact, and our guidance contemplates that, for the operating margin piece. I'd say the piece below operating earnings, the other income expense, should be significantly less than that in the third quarter.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So the guidance was really, for the full year, still around 34% to 35%. So that hasn't changed. And what we're figuring there, too, is the R&D tax credit, right? So if that does come through, it will be at the lower end. If it doesn't, it will likely be at the higher end.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think there were discrete items and there's timing-related items that are driving that. So I think that’s -- as you forecasted, you should forecast something at 34% to 35% for the full year. So a bit higher in the second half.
Mark F. Moon: So if we look, Tavis, at our Q2 backlog, it's roughly $5.9 billion, which is down about $100 million from what we discussed last quarter. Government, relatively flat. And Enterprise was down. When we normalize for FX, really, the backlog was basically flat. So as we look at it, I think we're not surprised by the decline in Enterprise as we've seen pressure there, but we still feel fairly confident about our visibility and as we look at our guidance going in the quarter. So relatively speaking, backlog has remained consistent to slightly down.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. So if you think about Enterprise, clearly, I think Ed highlighted before, as we think about the year, and we have guided now to relatively flat, it is down from what we've traditionally seen and what we have said as expectations. Now with that said, I would say it's primarily macroeconomic driven because we have held ASPs and we believe we've held market share in all of our categories, at least all of our major categories with the possible exception of wireless LAN. The other piece that I would say around Enterprise again, as Greg mentioned, was the growth in every region still gives us somewhat confidence when you say without iDEN. And even in Europe that was only slightly down, I would remind you that the previous year, the growth in Europe for Enterprise was 39%. So again, I think given the headwinds that we've got there, the Enterprise business has held. So as we go forward, we'll continue to monitor it, continue to give you guidance. But all in all, I feel pretty pleased with the way we've held and the way we performed and continue to monitor it as we go forward.
Mark F. Moon: Keith, I do agree with your comment that our growth in Asia, while we talked about kind of mid-single digits for both Enterprise and Government, is less than, number one, what we've been producing in the past and also what we've said was expectations for Asia. With that being said, I also think though the primary drivers, as we look at the business, was really around the systems and the timing of the systems and project business there as we think about what's going forward. So China did slow to mid-single digits. Again, we had not seen that kind of growth in China. We traditionally have expected China to be stronger. But for the full year, we still anticipate that Asia Pac will be double-digit growth, and we expect China to be strong double-digit growth for the year. So we're still very opportunistic and very -- I guess we view Asia still as a strong growth area for us as we look to go forward.
